Lady Godivas opened November 1st 1996, the day after a wicked Halloween party which I'm sure some of our oldest friends will recall. Some of those friends are still here and some have since moved away, you know who you are and we want to say "High" we hope you're all doing well!
We wanted to be original, unique in our town. We started out with XXX VHS, Adult Toys, Massage Oils and some Lingerie as well as Joke and Gag stuff. There were no other stores in Woodstock offering these products at this time.
By the summer of 1998, due to Jim's relentless work ethics (he worked morning 'till night, we were open 10am to midnight then) our store was starting to get too big for it's britches. We needed more space and shoveling snow up the stairs was a bitch too.
So we moved, and it wasn't easy finding a space for an adult store in this town, it had been difficult the first time too and nothing had really changed. It was February 14th, 1999 when we moved right after work on Valentine's day, our busiest day of the year. It was surely an all nighter. We couldn't have done it without the help of our friends, they might remember these pics...Eyes covered to protect the guilty…Check out these Pics…
In The Beginging - 1 Light Street Photos
Unfortunately we did not take any pictures before we started to clean up the mess @ 354 Dundas St., but we do have some pictures after we cleaned the garbage and started repairs on the floor. Our first signs were done in a rather difficult to discern font so as not to scare any of the local prudes...It didn't work, they still bitched. They complained that it was the first thing you see when you get to Woodstock although we are located well within the city limits.
At that time we were still primarily an adult store, however over time we have incorporated a huge selection of 316L Surgical Steel Body Jewelry as well as Pipes and bongs and lots of other cool things.
Movin' On Up - 354 Dundas Street Photos
Heading into the new millennium we changed our signs to reflect the growing acceptance of the general public toward marijuana and started to more openly advertise the sale of pipes, bongs and other smoking related products.
The New Millennium - Photossubmitted by RedditorFrom2053 to bestof [link] [comments]
Bitcoin is vulnerable to a sell-off amid global anti-risk sentiment. On-chain metrics imply that Bitcoin is well-positioned for recovery, once the volatility is over. Bitcoin (BTC) partially ... Bitcoin slides to six-month low as China warns of risks. Cryptocurrency falls as much as 11% before rebounding to about $7,250 in European trading. Save. Monday, 25 November, 2019. Buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Litecoin. Global expertise. Our expert team has worked all over the world for top tech and finance companies such as Google, Amazon, Morgan Stanley and Barclays..
[index] [3341] [5125] [2106] [2911] [142] [3504] [660] [995] [5136] [1841]
Bitcoin is one of the most important inventions in all of human history. For the first time ever, anyone can send or receive any amount of money with anyone ... Subscribe to my bitcoin channel - Updated video - Join Coinbase and earn $...... Learn about Bitcoin with the most watched Bitcoin video. More information: Start Guide - Mining Guide -....
#Ephesus received most of its marble from nearby sources such as Hierapolis (a.k.a. Pamukkale), Aphrodisias, and Pergamon. The richness and luxury of Ephesus can be understood from the glorious marble streets of the city. Marble is more beautiful than limestone and tougher, and so people like to use it for...Continue reading...
Welcome to my website!
Contact me to hire professional licensed English speaking tour guide for Ephesus Ancient City and surrounding attractionsISBN 13: 978-0-578-73706-5
Edition IV, Number 1 (6th Issue)
121Pages; 11 color; Author/Artist Bios
ISBN 13: 978-0-578-62893-6
Edition III, Number 2
131Pages; 17 color; Author/Artist Bios
Nostos (Volume IV, (Issue 6))
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
The sixth issue of Nostos is the "poetry of science" edition. In these pages are lyrical, frank, gritty, sometimes quite humorous poems dealing with science and its effects. This volume demonstrates that much of science is poetry, that instead of being at opposite poles, they strive for the same ends often with similar means. In this volume is the poetry of Jane Hirshfield, the honored and celebrated poet and environmentalist. Jane Shlensky provides a wonderful and humorous short story entitled "Chrysalis," and the artwork of Markos Kay, Jan Kriwol, Zina Deretsky, and Bobbe Besold is startling and provocative.
Nostos (Volume III, Number 2)
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
The literary journal Nostos, Volume III, Number 2, is our "Loss" issue. This issue explores the nature of loss … its experience, its anticipation, its sting, its devastation, its aftermath. Poets Troy Jollimore, Terry Lucas, Rebecca Foust, Gail Entrekin, David Watts, Margaret Stawowy, Kirsten Jones Neff, Sian Killingsworth, and Nathaniel Tarn contribute extraordinary poetry. Essayists John Marmysz and Sheila Bannon wrangle with the very nature of loss. Heather Altfeld provides a short story that has been called "a story for the New Yorker." And moving and evocative art is presented by June Yokell.
ISBN 10:0-578-55687-1
ISBN 13: 978-0-578-55687-1
Edition III, Number 1
99 Pages; 23 color; Author/Artist Bios
Nostos (Volume III, Number 1)
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
The fourth issue of Nostos (Volume III, Number 1, 2019) is our "Eastern Wind" issue. The poetry, prose, and art of this edition celebrate the influences of Asian philosophy, art, imagery, and form on Western poetry and art. In this issue is a remarkable personal essay by Robert Hass, winner of the Pulitzer Prize in Poetry and U.S. Poet Laureate; poems by Roy Mash, Amanda Moore, James Tipton, Joseph Zaccardi, Grace Marie Grafton, Cindy Bousquet Harris, David Rollison, Michael Jones, Walker Abel, Sharon Pretti, Deborah Buchanon, Barry Roth, and Emily Teitsworth. An extraordinary essay by David Rollison harkens back to the time of transition from the Beat Era to the Hippy period in San Francisco. The artwork of this edition includes four paintings by CiCi Chao and four paintings by Debra Di Blasi.
ISBN 10: 0-578-42769-0
ISBN 13: 978-0-578-42769-0
Edition II, Number 2
143 Pages; 15 color; Author/Artist Bios
Introduction by Rebecca Foust
Nostos (Volume II, Number 2)
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
The third issue of Nostos (Volume II, Number 2, 2018) is a special issue. Its unifying theme is "familial": the relationships between and among father/son/mother/daughter. We present eight poems by Pulitzer Prize winner Louise Glück (the seven "Telemachus" poems plus one more); previously unpublished poems by Rebecca Foust, the Marin County Poet Laureate; poems by Javier Zamora, Wallace Stegner Fellow; and extraordinary short stories by Troy Jollimore and by Heather Altfeld. Others contributing work to this issue are David Rollison, Joanne Esser, Lisa Rappoport, Meryl Natchez, James Tipton, Keleigh Friedrich, Grace Grafton, Sharon Pretti, and Karen Poppy. Artist Lorna Stevens presents two unique diptychs concerning the theme. The Foreword for this issue is by Rebecca Foust who considers the genesis of the included poems of Louise Glück.
ISBN 10: 0-692-95360-4
ISBN 13: 978-0-692-95360-0
Edition II, Number 1
115 Pages; 20 color; Author/Artist Bios
Introduction by Lawrence Tjernell
Nostos (Volume II, Number 1)
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
This is the second issue of Nostos (Volume II, Number 1, 2018), containing poetry by Joe Lamb, David Rollison, Joanne Esser, Heather Ringo, David Havird, Lisa Rappoport, Meryl Natchez, Roy Mash, Thomas Centolella, Andy Plumb/Selena Anne,Deborah Buchanan, and Michael Jones. James Tipton and Jane Shlensky have contributed short stories. We are very pleased to present "The Fieldwork Scroll," the collaborative work of poet Emily Wolahan and artist Owen Brown. This edition contains images from their 24-foot scroll depicting "experiences of terror, travel and dislocation." Most writers and artists have contributed three or more works so that the reader might better see or hear the author's style, tone, form and perspective. . —ed.
Nostos (Volume I, Number 1)
the journal of poetry, short fiction, and art …
The first edition of Nostos features poetry by B. H. Fairchild, Rebecca Foust, Lisa Rappoport, David Rollison, Anne F. Walker, Jane Shlensky, and Walker Abel. James Tipton has crafted three short stories, and Tony Johnson reflects on Homer's Odyssey in an essay. Lorna Stevens created three watercolors for this edition. Each of these artists and writers considers the idea of "nostos," or homecoming, in graceful, personal, thoughtful, and sometimes gritty ways. Most writers and artists have contributed three or more works so that the reader might better see or hear the author's style, tone, form and perspective. We are particularly pleased to publish the poem "The Dumka" by B. H. Fairchild, finalist for the National Book Award, and five poems by Rebecca Foust, Poet Laureate of Marin. —ed.ABOUT
Sarah Grace, CEO
After watching my mother lose her battle with cancer, I was convinced there was a better way to fight and treat the disease. I have dedicated my time and energy to reading, researching, and educating myself on how best to prevent cancer, as well as, how to treat it naturally. With a background in health and fitness, and years of experience in nutrition coaching, it was relatively easy for me to understand and embrace these principles. I am passionate and dedicated to educating and supporting others as they work to overcome cancer.
Travis Stephenson
Marketing Director
Travis is an online marketing business owner. With almost 10 years in the digital marketing space, he has been able to help customers get their products and messages out to thousands of people around the world. As husband to Sarah Grace he shares in her passion to help support those battling cancer, and is dedicated to getting the message of The Grace Foundation out to the world.
Kristen Kimball, Director
Kristen is passionate about serving and empowering others, whether in her local community or an opportunity overseas, and loves to use food, photography, and running as a means to connect with others and tell their stories. . As a lifelong long distance runner, mother of 4 and a former lover of junk food and quick fix medications, she shares in our mission to educate and inspire others to take responsibility for their own health and happiness. Kristen was daughter in law to Shelley Kimball and supported her during her battle with cancer.
Sara Madison Kimball, Social Media
Former public school teacher turned full time homeschooler of three, Sara Madison has a passion for education and helping others reach their full potential. She was also daughter in law to Shelley Kimball, and witnessed her struggle. She works administratively with The Grace Foundation and shares in our mission to help support and change lives.2019 - 2020 Competitive Season Tournaments
The Texas A&M Mock Trial team participates in multiple tournaments throughout the year. Check out where we will be this year, and the results of tournaments we have competed at in the past!
Rice Bowl Invitational
Congratulation to our members on their outstanding performance at the 2019 Rice Bowl in Houston, TX! We are so proud of Team B for placing 5th in the tournament!
Individual Awards:
David Lawless, Outstanding Attorney
Christina Morrison, Outstanding Attorney
University of Pennsylvania
Teams A and B competed at the University of Pennsylvania's annual Quaker Classic in Philadelphia. Team A placed 6th and Team B placed 7th overall in the tournament. Congratulations to all!
Individual Awards:
Lee Webb, Outstanding Attorney and Witness
David Lawless, Outstanding Attorney
Christina Morrison, Outstanding Attorney
The First Annual Aggie Invitational
TAMU Mock Trial is proud to have hosted our first tournament ever! Over 24 teams from all over the country competed at the Texas A&M Law School in Fort Worth.
Individual Awards:
Lee Webb, Outstanding Attorney and Witness
Regional Tournaments, Houston and Arlington
Teams A and B competed at the Houston, Texas regional tournament, while Team C competed at the Arlington, Texas regional tournament. Our A team received a bid the the Opening Round Championship in Santa Monica, California!
Individual Awards:
Lee Webb, Outstanding Attorney
David Lawless, Outstanding Witness
Mark Stahman, Outstanding Witness
Opening Round Championship Series
Texas A&M Mock Trial's A Team participated in the AMTA Opening Round Championship Series in Santa Monica, California in hopes of earning a second National Championship bid. We fell out of the running, but are already preparing to fight back even harder next year!
Individual Awards:
Lee Webb, Outstanding Attorney
2018-2019 Competitive Season Tournaments
The Texas A&M Mock Trial team participates in multiple tournaments throughout the year.
Rice Bowl Invitational
October 12-14, 2018 • Houston, TX
At the 2018 Rice Bowl Invitational tournament, Texas A&M Mock Trial came away with an impressive five individual performance awards. Aggies who received honors for witness performances include Grace Hawkins, Mark Stahman, and Spencer Anderson. Christina Morrison and Brooke Hansen also took home awards for best attorney performances.
Noah K. Antony Green and Gold Invitational
November 30 - December 2, 2018 • Waco, TX
Our Mock Trial team competed at the 16th annual Green and Gold Invitational and received an honorable mention for the team's performance.
Argo Invitational
January 19-20, 2019 • Pensacola, FL
Aggie Mock Trial earned a third-place finish at the University of West Florida's Argo Invitational Tournament. Key performers at this tournament included Allyn Hewitt and Grace Hawkins, both of whom took home witness awards, and Lee Webb, who was recognized for his performance as an attorney.
Kangaroo Brawl
January 26-27, 2019 • Sherman, TX
Our Texas A&M Mock Trial received a total of six individual performance awards at Austin College's Kangaroo Brawl tournament. Zachary Brown, Lee Webb and Tia Gray all received top witness performance awards. For the attorney side, team members David Lawless, Spencer Anderson and Mark Stahman received awards.
Regional Tournament
February 22-24, 2019 • Houston, TX
Our team received five and a half ballots, as well as a sixth place bid to compete at the Opening Round Championship Series in Memphis, TN. Lee Webb was awarded for best attorney and best witness performance.
Opening Round Championship Series
March 15-18, 2019 • Memphis, TN
The Texas A&M Mock Trial team fought hard and was awarded a third place bid to the National Championship with a record of 7-1. Spencer Anderson received an award for best witness performance.
American Mock Trial Association National Championship
April 4-7, 2019 • Philadelphia, Pa
For the first time, the Texas A&M Mock Trial team earned a bid to the National Championship! We put up a fight against the top teams in the nation, and had the honor of winning the Spirit of A.M.T.A. Award!Uncategorized January 29, 2015 WATCH: Ellen DeGeneres Makes the Case for The Kitten Bowl! WARNING: Too cute to handle. read more Source:: SheWired Share on: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google + Previous articleMy Name Is Adam And I’m Addicted To Becoming Madonna (Hi Adam) Next articleUnarmed Gay Teen Killed In Denver Police Shooting.FieldSmart FiberFlex 2000 Cabinet
Clearfield’s FieldSmart FiberFlex 2000 enclosure has been designed from the ground up for maximum flexibility, scalability and space utilization. Optimized for fiber service delivery from 144 to 576 fiber ports, the FiberFlex 2000 is a fiber-first design for a variety of powered cabinet deployment scenarios such as the network edge, wireless backhaul and active ethernet networks. The cabinet’s small footprint makes it easy to drop into any application in any location. Designed to comply to GR-487, the FiberFlex 2000 is the ideal outdoor cabinet solution for the harshest outdoor conditions, providing a sealed internal environment where external air and humidity are completely isolated from the electronic equipment.
Product Details
The FiberFlex 2000 is an environmentally-controlled enclosure constructed of powdercoated aluminum. The FiberFlex 2000’s equipment bay features a 19” vertical equipment rack, accommodating up to 20RU of active electronics equipment. The FiberFlex 2000 provides up to 576 internal fiber distribution ports for subscriber PON deployments, along with complementary splitter capacity. The FiberFlex 2000 accepts local AC power and features an external AC Load Center. A door mounted integrated air-to-air heat exchanger and DC-powered fans cool the equipment inside the cabinet. A separate, vented, under-cabinet compartment houses optional batteries. A second battery compartment can be added for additional backup capabilities.
Features & Benefits
Flexibility
- External load center – Simplifies and separates AC connection on site
- Multiple fiber counts – 144 to 576 fiber ports in a single cabinet
- Various mounting options – Pad mount, Pole Mount, Wall/H-Frame Mount
- Stackable backup battery bays – Add additional battery compartment to double available backup time
Space Utilization
- Only 54” x 24” x 35” to fit nearly any deployment scenario
- Optimized internal space utilization for maximum equipment capabilities and fiber port count
Integrity
- Designed to comply to GR-487 and NEMA 4 for matchless protection in the harshest environments
- 750-watt air-to-air Heat Exchanger standard
- Factory integration and testing of the AC Load Center, Rectifier, Backup Battery Harness and Heat Exchanger
Access
- Provides front and rear doors for full access to internal equipment
- External AC Load Center for easy access and optimal interior space utilization
- Fiber-first design for access storage and routing of fiber (or copper?) cables and accessories, such as splitters and WDMs
- Door security and hardware features designed to protect equipment from vandalism and theft.
- Door integrity alarm standard.After we moved to Babenhausen there was an add in the local newspaper from Turnverein. They were looking for new instrutors. I checked them out and decided to try starting a group there. It ended up being pretty successful. Like with the Rodgau group we did exhibitions, arranged seminars usually with a party for everyone.PAYMENT POLICY
Services provided by My Physio and Pilates are billed at the completion of your treatment. My Physio and Pilates participates in most of the major health insurance plans in QLD. Check with your private healthcare insurer to determine the amount of your physio rebate. Pilates rebates may also apply through your physio extras cover.
Please be aware that with any health plans, there may be deductibles and copayments for which you could be responsible.
Physiotherapy
Initial Physiotherapy Assessment $85
Subsequent Physiotherapy Assessment $75
EPC consultation Bulk Billed (please present your team care plan signed by your GP and a current medicare card) Currently Not available
Work Cover Bulk Billed (please present an approved claim number)
Pilates/ group physio
Initial Adult Pilates assessment $65
Adult Group Pilates $38
Is HICAPS available?
No.
Will I be able to claim a rebate from my healthfund?
If you are a member of a healthfund then you may be able to claim a rebate from your physiotherapy extras. The amount may vary depending on your particular fund. This amount can be climed when you provide your receipt to your healthcare proider.
What billing information will I receive?
You will receive a copy of your receipt upon payment of your bill. You may request statements at any time.Frans Slabber, El-Doreé Grobler, Hagen Liebberger
Finally, on the fourth attempt I succeeded in reaching the top of both peaks.
To recap:
1. Approached from the Waaihoek Mountains side(West), sleeping over at Hoare Hut, then attempting “the ridge” to Mostertshoek. Even getting to the ridge from Hoare Hut was a challenge. At about a third of the way across, we realized we did not have a hope in hell at our snail’s pace of making it, and we turned back.(2017?)
2. Approached from the Mitchell’s Pass side. Had an after-the-fact hand-drawn route from a fellow mountaineer and some vague from-memory descriptions, and a dire warning of water problems. Tried to get onto the “step” that head diagonally up towards the South, and terminates in a ascent valley, next to a stream. Unfortunately, spent too much arsing around getting onto the ‘step’ from Big Sky cottages direct. Camped too low ~900m, then only made it to 1800m on the lower of the twins the next day. In retrospect, we were too far North on the lower twin any case. At least we noted a good base camp level area at 1500m, at the top end of the ascent valley with water relatively close by. (2018??)
3. Again from the Mitchell’s Pass side. This time slightly better organized. Drove up on the cement road and parked at Stone Farm cottage. ( gained 300m for free ) Hiked up easily to base camp location at 1500m. Next made the summit of the lower twin, but too little daylight and the mood was not focused. The route down the first twin to the saddle, then up the main twin looked daunting. Scouting around a bit and looked by longing at the main summit. So close and so far. ( June 2019)
And now, the saga of the 4th attempt. Bonus number one; we had a GPS track of the route across the saddle between the peaks. Bonus number two; we were fitter, lighter(in all respects) and more experienced. This was becoming familiar territory after all. With a good weather forecast, and flowing water visible from the road ( there is a waterfall visible that run directly off the ascent valley ) we set off from Olive Stone cottage where the car was parked, and slogged up the cement road. In general, we had been lucky in 2019, and the years before, as the mountain had burned in 2018?, thinning the under brush considerably, making path finding easier and foot placement secure. This time though, it was a constant push through vegetation and detouring around impassable thorny patches, and we only reached base camp a little after sunset. This was the same base camp we had used in 2019, flat with water nearby. Next day we set off following the same route as previous up the lower twin, on a north-East approach, and made the lower twin summit in about 2-3 hours. 1959m. Then the much anticipated new route started across to the main twin.
My guide for this section is as follows;
From the lower twin summit follow the crest towards the saddle until you are almost level with the saddle, at least it feels like it. There are some cairns, but not a continuous line-of-sight cairn path. Just enough to give you a fuzzy feeling now and then. This crest route will involve some scrambles, but never with severe exposure, and only minor rock climbing skills. Its more about picking the right line than technical skill, so I guess experience here is a must.
Then down to the saddle (marked by a cairn), slightly more challenging than the crest route, down-climbing along chutes to reach the saddle. Pick the chutes that look the least challenging.
Proceed up onto the main twin. And, gloriously surprising, it looks way more daunting from a far than what it actually is. The reason being that there is a upward sloping, broad ledge that curves around the North-West of the main twin for quite a way and one can proceed relatively quickly. When the ledge ends, zigzag slightly higher a few meters to find another ledge heading with the same bearing as the first. And so on. Again there are some welcome cairns serving as a reassurance more than a clearly demarcated path. All in all, keeping heading up obliquely in a Southerly direction, making your way around the mountain. Suddenly the summit beacon appears on your right, and a comparative gentle stroll brings you to the top.
We reached the summit at about 12h40, having left base camp at about 08h00.
For me, it was a bit of an anti-climax. BY no means do I want to distract from the vistas and sense of achievement. Let me explain. Hagen and myself had started the day with trepidation. We both had packed extra gear in the summit pack in case we had to spend the night out. At the very least, I had expected us to return to base camp with headlamps on. So, suffice to say, I was still waiting for it to get worse, when we made the summit.
We met a trail running couple at the summit. They had approached from the ridge side, overnighting at Pell’s hut, and arrived at the summit a few minutes before us. We had a good chuckle at the chance meet on this hard to get to summit.
Going back was as always a slog. One still had to keep focused crossing one twin to the next, remembering the way from an hour before. Eventually we made it back to base camp without incident.
The next day we walked down to the parked vehicle.
Retrospection: I am glad I don’t have to go back there – 3 times I had to turn around and that was surely enough. I had a swim in a rock pool on the way down, and then, looked up at the mountain, thanked it, and turned away with relief.Dial M Productions designs team building workshops to accomplish your goals in an atmosphere where learning is fun! Our events are versatile enough to inspire new teams while boosting the morale of existing ones. Our team building.
• TEAM BUILDING WORKSHOP -, to present your project to “the Donald” in the “boardroom”. The team with the best presentation will be chosen by your company executives at the “Next Apprentice”.
• GAME SHOW " THE LONGEST CHAIN GAME SHOW"
A team building game show that will have everyone eager to answers the questions to win their team a valuable “link”. The “Longest Chain Game Show” is a fast moving game show and can be played in about 90 minutes. Our hosts are "Whose Line is it Anyway" alumni and veterans of film, television and the stage. They're brilliantly funny and deliver the game show in an atmosphere of friendly competition. Our game show hosts create an environment where the players can have a hilariously fun time whether they win or lose. Throughout the game show, our game show hosts will keep the game show fun, fast and entertaining. They will announce the player’s team names, assist in organizing the teams, and encourage the audience to root for their team.
•TEAMBUILDING INTERACTIVE GAMES
Several different techniques and exercises will be explored in this team building workshop. Team building games involving creativity, group participation and communication. Participants work together with our highly trained teambuilding leaders in an atmosphere similar to the televisions show, "Whose line is it anyway?" You'll see teams commit to problem solving skills that they'll be able to take back to their everyday workplace.
• COMPANY PICNIC GAMES OLYMPIC STYLE SPORTS GAMES FOR TEAMS
Let our "coaches" and "cheerleaders" lead and motivate your company though some fun family picnic style games. Relay races where no one runs! Instead; put on gloves, try and open a package of gum, chew it and pass the gloves on! Write your own company cheer and perform in for the group. We have a very wide variety of creative games that will make you laugh as you engage in friendly competition.
• TEAM BUILDING WORKSHOP "THE CORPORATE SINGING WORKSHOP"
Write your own songs! An engaging process in which employees write their own songs in any style that will suite your group; blues, beach theme, country, pop... They can write songs with a message,-INXS Workshop". The event ends with an upbeat, "we're going forward with renewed commitment" send off.
• TEAM BUILDING COMEDY MENTALISM SHOW
Imagine an entertainer who can read your mind, analyze your handwriting, and duplicate an image locked in your head, all while eliciting laughs along with the gasps. Award winning mentalist Josh will also cause silverware to twist and bend with the power of his mind and help your audience to focus their thoughts on an object until it moves from across the room! This is a show your guests will be talking about for years to come. Must be experienced to be believed.
• CASINO TEAM BUILDING EVENT WITH CASINO GAMES
A Casino event played as a team building event. We start off the event with a practice session with the dealers teaching everyone how to play the various casino games. We'll break for a meal and hand out packets containing $10,000 to each table who will be designated as a team. Each team will come up with their own strategy to try to win the most money. At a designated time the team with the most money wins! A casino party with a fun corporate team building twist!
•.
•CORPORATE PHOTO & SCAVENGERHUNT
Teams set out to photograph themselves fulfilling a series of unique "photo challenges" set forth in their team packets. This hunt culminates with the creation of team collages when all teams return from their adventures.
Dial M Productions, specializing in corporate events since 1985. We design Teambuilding workshops to accomplish your goals, in an atmosphere where learning is fun!Our events are versatile enough to inspire new teams, while boosting the morale of existing ones. OUR GOAL... Our team building games build management skills, develop teamwork, teach team building communication and listing skills, while renewing company spirit and motivation. Our team building workshops create a risk free environment where people learn "theory through practice", discovering their potential in a creative, non threatening way.We insure that participants will become fully involved in teamwork, communication and creative problem solving, while having a great time together!THE OUTCOME...After a short time, there will be a noticeable change in the mood and outlook of the participants. They will start to experience the benefits of a group that bands together to accomplish a goal. This will unfold naturally, as one of the basic tenets of our workshops is that they are taught in a non-evaluating atmosphere, where elements of trust, support, and communication are emphasized and required. You will notice an inspired desire to try again, to get it right, motivated by teamworking games to improve their team building skills. And in the process, they'll be having an enormous amount of fun!Pinewood Medical is a family practice and urgent care clinic that has been serving Magnolia, The Woodlands, Conroe, Spring, and Houston, Texas for over ten years. We take pride as a primary care provider to our patients who come from all over Texas. We provide excellent care to patients of every age, whether young or old. Our primary focus is to give our patients the best service possible. We care about everyone's well-being, so we take time with and prioritize getting to know each of our patients very well. We provide traditional family practice medicine while incorporating the latest medical advances for wellness and preventative care.
Dr. Eric Tay, board certified endocrinologist also has a Woodlands office. Please note his two practice locations:
Magnolia (Pinewood):
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday & Friday
6318 FM 1488 Suite 100
Magnolia, TX 77354
The Woodlands:
Thursdays only
17191 St. Luke's Way Suite 200
Conroe, TX 77384
Pinewood Medical provides a wide range of medical services, which includes diagnosing and treating illnesses while delivering acute, chronic and preventive medical care. Our medical services also include health-risk assessments, routine checkups, physicals, immunization and screening, and personalized counseling.
Pinewood Medical Clinic | 6318 FM #1488 Suite 100 | (936)3213110The Unappreciated Carer Podcast
Society & Culture
Carer Bonus (2020) - The Unappreciated Carer Podcast With Nightingales Army
COVID-19 Carer Bonus's were promised in 2020 to carer in Wales. However, many carers have actually been left worst off from lost benefits and taxes!
COVID-19 has brought tremendous pressure on carers, nurses, and care managers across the UK, in health, wealth, and mental wellbeing.
The Welsh Government bonus was a welcome surprise! (It would have been nice to see it stretched to the whole UK!)
In this episode, we are speaking to Elizabeth and Felicity from Nightingales Army who have been speaking to carers around the UK about their personal experience and the challenges that they have been presented with because of Carer Bonus's.
Unappreciated Carer Podcast with Mycarematters and Nightingales Army
TUAC: With Nightingales Army
The Unappreciated Carer: Is it time carers came together for change? With Ali Treacher
The Unappreciated Carer: Leadership in Care
The Unappreciated Carer: Zero Hour Contracts
The Unappreciated Carer: Being an RMN and Care Manager with Sharon Brookes
The Unappreciated Carer: PPE Supply and Recruitment with Ryan Walker
The Unappreciated Carer: National Living Wage v Real Living Wage
Who is the Unappreciated Carer? Episode Zero
Intressanta Människor
ARTinHEART
Chatter Marks
Stuff You Should Know
Timcast IRLSEVERAL YEARS AGO, when I was still a one-woman operation working from home, I felt so overwhelmed by things I needed to do to keep up with my growing business, I actually hired a friend of mine to drive me to an appointment in Atlanta so that I could use the time in the car to get some work done. I needed help and I was smart enough to ask for it.
Fast forward a few years, and people are reach- ing out to help me when I didn’t even realize it. Other business owners helped me get my first office, and friends became “employees” to help manage multiple events. Business was growing, and the capacity to do more kept expanding.
Fast forward a few more years and here we are at our 10th anniversary. There’s people all around managing different sides of this business, and I seem to have forgotten how to ask for help. In looking around at everyone doing their part, I have lost the ability to look at my own list and ask someone specifically to help me for a specific task. It’s hard to say, “I need help.” But it’s even harder to say, “I need help with .”
At the age of 42, I’m now balancing caring for older family members, while still caring for myself and my husband. Of course, I do not have the added stress of caring for children, and I don’t know how people in the “sandwich generation” are managing. But I do have a growing business to run, and clients to take care of. I’m a list maker, and usually manage to get it all done. But everything came to a head this past week when I needed to find a way to be in two places at one time. I had two people I loved who needed me, in two different locations, at the same time. I finally broke down and called my precious sister and said, “I need help.” Thankfully, I was able to specifically articulate what I needed and she was more than happy to jump in.
I was raised to be pretty tough, and I think I’m fairly independent. I’m supposed to be able to do everything by myself. But the reality is that you can’t. There are some things you just can’t do by yourself. There’s a risk in asking for help – rejection, of course, but also the (irrational) fear that I will be seen as weak or needy.
In the midst of these last crazy months, I’ve had a friend working through a medical crisis as well. It’s a medical crisis he can’t fix himself. As I’ve watched him, I see how hard it is for him to ask for help. He’s young, and feels like he’s invincible. But he’s not, and he hasn’t figured out how to ask for help, at least not to the right people who won’t reject or judge him, and he can’t seem to ask for the very specific help he needs.
Luckily, the help is already happening all around him. Most people don’t see the work that is being done around them. People who love you are already, most of the time, working to assist you before you realize you even need their help. What a blessing to have a community, a system in place. But it’s up to us to find the courage to speak up when we need to “call in the troops.”
To that end, I’ve hired another event planner to help manage clients (and bring in more) so that the company can continue grow. I’ve asked my business partner and co-workers for specific help; I’ve written down the items that need someone else’s attention. I’ve told my family members what I can and cannot do in a day or a in a week, and we’re finding creative solutions to meet everyone’s needs. I took a break from writing this column, so there was one less person I was letting down (my editor) during a time when I feared I was letting everyone down. I’ve also done the hardest step of all: I’ve forgiven myself not being able to do everything on my own.
While the last six months have been, in a word, frenetic, the lessons are long-lasting. I only hope others reading can remember that help is just one question away. Pause long enough to look around and see who is already there, who is already setting up the safety net. That’s the community to call on. Circle the wagons, gather your troops. Whatever allusion helps you see the bigger picture of your crisis, do it. Just ask.
Holly Lynch is the owner of The Season Events, a full service catering, event planning and design company.
IM Group designs and manufactures bodystructure components as well as composite bodywork systems for the interior and exterior of buses.
Our products are used in city buses, suburban buses and coaches.
The combination of synergy within the IM Group in the areas of metal and composite parts manufacturing leads to shortening the so-called “Time to Market” in our customers, i.e. the time needed to develop a new product and implement it.Introducing the New Better Bio Solutions Line of Products!
Better Bio Solutions is now up and running in San Jose, CA and we invite you to log on to our website and explore our line of environmentally friendly products.
David Bonasera is the new owner of Better Bio Solutions and we are pleased to introduce you to this new and improved product line. The products that you formerly knew as #199R, #179R and #149R have been renamed and reworked. We have changed all of the labeling, tech sheets and website as well. Please take a moment to look at what is new and exciting about Better Bio Solutions.
David Bonasera
Better Bio Solutions
408-436-0970
dave@betterbio.netBenjamin N. Dictor
Attorney Profile
Top Rated Employment & Labor Attorney in New York, NY
39 Broadway, Ste 1540
New York, NY 10006.
Last Updated: 3/31/2021
Additional Lawyers You May Be Interested In
Employment & Labor
Law Offices of William Cafaro
Employment & Labor
Employment & Labor
Vladeck, Raskin & Clark, P.C.
Employment & Labor
Employment & Labor
Employment & Labor
Employment & Labor Attorneys in New York, NY »Promoting various collections under Dr. Belmeur that are formulated for sensitive and damaged skin concerns. We embarked on a journey sharing the product textures, power tips and ways to use, user reviews, skincare transformations and more through a mix of photo and video content.
THEFACESHOP
2018-2020
Art Direction, Photography, Video Production, Social Mediato use her own words there was but one Mistress, and No Master. Tyranny there was but tyranny of such a woman was better than that of the Pedant, Coward and Fool James the First, her successor. (He was characterized as having a slobbering mouth and coarse broad accent. ) Of the struggles with the Parlia- ment through his unquiet reign, of the growing discontent of the people. Then how Charles succeeding, who with a better nature and morals yet held as high an idea of kingly rule and supre- macy, attempted to overawe and check the Commons. Of the stormy debates, of the king s Faithlessness, imposts and tyranny. Then to the subject of the lecture Hampden his quiet and comparatively obscure early life his studying at Magdalen College Oxford his legalProject update
Incorporating feedback to finalise the design
We're incorporating feedback from the community, council and Iwi to finalise the design of our new circuit.View more
We above.
We’re currently consulting with landowners to negotiate property easements for Route option B. Should we be unable to secure the route for option B, we will default to option A. The route will be confirmed in early 2021 to allow detailed design to continue.Updated as of Nov. 18, 2021 at 10:48 p.m. to include video.
Downtown Elon will be utilizing the current temporary seating outside of Pandora’s Pies to create a space for community events, in addition to the outdoor dining already in place. Kathleen Patterson, downtown development administrator of the town of Elon, hopes that this new change in the downtown area will lead to a wide variety of future events.
“There's not really a location downtown that's safe, that we can do things,” Patterson said “This will give us that and it also gives us a place to gather and have the downtown Christmas tree, have the Menorah put up on the holidays.”
According to Patterson, this change will address two main purposes: handling safety concerns and creating a sense of community. In regards to safety, before the road was closed off for temporary seating, Patterson said this area was not pedestrian friendly. She also said there have been many near-accidents in downtown Elon.
Patterson said she believes there aren't many areas within downtown that people can come together, and this space can become that.
“Being able to have a mini market where we can get vendors to come for the holidays, like having a Christmas party, we don't have one of those. Being able to let the farmer's market stretch out a little bit more, so they're not just hanging in the street,” Patterson said “Really, it's whatever our imaginations can become.”
Kimberly Holt, owner of Pandora’s Pies, said she is excited about the new changes occurring downtown, as the temporary outside seating has been good for business.
“I'm all for this and it helps our business out too, because it's right beside,” Holt said. “It's great that if a bunch of college kids are together and some want The Root, some want Tangent, some want us, then they can sit together and eat their food from different restaurants and still be together.”
Patterson sees this new development as a starting point for other changes within downtown, kicking off Elon’s new improvement plan “Streetscape.” According to Patterson, this plan will include widening sidewalks and beautification of the street to improve the cohesiveness of downtown Elon. She also hopes that with this new outdoor area, other businesses will look to improve their existing facilities and create something similar.
“It gives the idea that there's something happening,” Patterson said. “I know that that seems like a weird thing, but a lot of times when you see physical change, then people are like, ‘Oh hey, I could do that too.’ Maybe they'll look at changing their property to be something bigger, better or just be able to activate their own property.”Drill Pipe - Would You Like Us To Contact You?
Drilling Equipment and Peace of Mind. When you buy drill pipe and drilling equipment from RK Pipe and Supply you will have peace of mind in knowing you are buying at the best prices from one of the industry’s leading providers with decades of experience serving the oil and gas industry’s drill pipe and drilling equipment needs.
Borehole Drilling Machine Drilling Rig and Equipment Pro
Borehole drilling machines manufacturer - Hardrock Drills owns a 5000 square meters work shop all the parts and machines are manufactured strictly following the ISO:9001 standards. Hardrock& 39;s R and D team is formed by 20 engineers with bachelor above scholarship they are dedi ed to researching world-level machines.
History — Group
CNC Swiss Machines CNC Screw Machine Manufacturer Swiss
Swiss Type CNC Screw Machine Repair Services and Machine and Barfeeder Installation services available. Service Your sales and technical support teams are top notch and very knowledgeable in all aspects of the machines capabilities operation and appli ions are truly second to none.
DRILL-QUEST GMBH buy and sell drilling equipment
BJ 200 ton Slip Type Elevator c/w new reports complete inspected in 07/2020 incl. 5 1/2 - 7 5/8 and 9 5/8 slips
Simco Drilling Equipment
SIMCO Drilling Equipment Inc. began designing and building all-hydraulic long stroke tophead drive drilling rigs in 1971 at our manufacturing facility lo ed in Osceola Iowa. Today SIMCO drilling rigs drilling rig equipment and water well equipment are working on every continent in the world.
Auger Boring Machines HDD and Cutting Head Manufacturer Barbco
At Barbco we DRIVE the underground construction industry FORWARD. As an international manufacturer of auger boring machines directional drills and advanced tunneling equipment we aim to be the best. Our machinery packs powerful performance and lasting reliability to tackle your toughest installation.
World& 39;s Biggest Offshore Drilling Companies Zeymarine
World’s Biggest Offshore Drilling Companies 10. Valaris Ensco Rowan – $1.7bn..
List of companies of Switzerland - Wikipedia
Switzerland is a federal republic in Europe.It is one of the most developed countries in the world with the highest nominal wealth per adult and the eighth-highest per capita gross domestic product according to the IMF.
Horizontal Directional Trenchless Drilling Durban Ballito and beyond.
The best 10 Mining Equipment Manufacturers and Suppliers 2020
Find Mining Equipment Manufacturers and Suppliers in Africa and get directions and maps for local businesses in Africa. List of best Mining Equipment Manufacturers and Suppliers in Africa of 2020.
Dril-Quip Inc.
Dril-Quip Inc. is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of offshore drilling and production equipment that is well suited for use in deepwater appli ions. The Company designs and manufactures subsea surface and offshore rig equipment for use by oil and gas companies and drilling contractors in offshore areas throughout the world.
Heavy Equipment Company Directory Heavy Equipment Guide
Address. Baum Publi ions Ltd. 124-2323 Boundary Rd Vancouver BC V5M 4V8 Canada Phone. 604-291-9900 Toll Free: 1-888-286-3630 Fax: 604-291-1906
Top 10 Construction Machinery Manufacturers in the World.
Offshore Geotechnical Site Investigations and Solutions
Drilling Rigs. GMRJ50 Jack-up Drilling Rig; GMR300 Drilling Rig; GMR302 Drilling Rig; GMR600 Drilling Rig; GMTR120 Drilling Rig; GMTR150 Drilling Rig; Laboratory and Test Equipment. Offshore Laboratory; Seabed Cone Penetration Testing CPT System GMC200; Seabed Cone Penetration Testing CPT System GMC201; PS Suspension Logger; News; Careers
Import Statistics of Axis Drill under HS Code 8501310000
To view more shipment records of axis drill import data of Russia you can set a filter by Country Name HS Code and Place. To get full shipment records with axis drill import statistics of Russia simply fill upthe Request Demo Form. You can also drop your data requirements through email& 160;protected or 91-11-47048012.
RigQuip Drilling Services Equipment Parts and Maintenance
With unmatched technical and global experience RigQuip offers rig packages maintenance and drilling equipment parts to customers worldwide.
Precision CNC Swiss Screw Machining Shop Swissturn USA-drilling cross-tapping back drilling etc. automatic bar loaders and high pressure coolant units.
Drilling Equipment Products Manufacturers and Suppliers in
Find quality Drilling Equipment Manufacturers Suppliers Buyers Wholesalers Exporters Importers Products and Trade Leads in Turkey. Import and Export on globalpiyasa.com. List in Turkey globalpiyasa.com
Swiss Drilling Equipment Manufacturers Suppliers of Swiss
Swiss manufacturers and suppliers of drilling equipment from around the world. Panjiva uses over 30 international data sources to help you find qualified vendors of Swiss drilling equipment.
Top 18 Offshore Drilling Companies in the World 2019 Oil
Drilling Equipment Drillman
Drillmec is a global contractor in the design and construction of drilling and work over rigs for the Onshore and Offshore Oil and Gas industries. DrillMan are the exclusive agent for Drillmec throughout the Australasia region.
Brillion Farm Equipment - Landoll.
Drilling Equipment In Construction - manufacturer factory
Jinan Lingong Mining and Rock Technology Co. Ltd.have been specialized in Underground Loader LHD manufacture for many years. Our main products are various kinds of Surface Top Hammer Drilling Rig Underground Truck Also including Underground Scooptram etc..
Rotary DTH and.
List of tool manufacturers - Wikipedia
This is a list of manufacturers of Woodworking hand tools Outdoor power equipment: Apex Tool Group diamond drilling direct fastening installation systems
Dykon Blasting Corp. A World-Class Drilling and Blasting Company
Safe professional drilling and blasting is always a challenging service to provide but when water is added to the picture the difficulty level increases dramatically. Demolition/Concrete When reinforced concrete from industrial structures such as locks dams or power plants needs to be removed Dykon Blasting is here to help.
Machinery and equipment for drilling Switzerland Europages
Switzerland: Browse through 1218 potential providers in the machinery and equipment for drilling industry on Europages a worldwide B2B sourcing platform.- pg-41
Machinery and equipment for drilling Switzerland Europages
Switzerland: Browse through 1218 potential providers in the machinery and equipment for drilling industry on Europages a worldwide B2B sourcing platform.
Top modern drilling equipment companies in the world
There is frequent use of standard drilling equipment which ensure buildings don’t collapse in cases like heavy rains. Big drilling manufacturers are currently working on autonomous drilling machines that can in theory be operated out of everybody office or home. The following are some of the top modern drilling equipment companies in the world.
MAIT USA - Drilling rigs tools and accessories
MAIT U.S.A. will be attending the next International Foundations Conference and Equipment Expo May 10-14 2021 Booth 2309/2317 . The event will be held at the Hyatt Regency Downtown Dallas in Dallas Texas. IFCEE is a technical conference and equipment
Used and new Drilling Equipment - MachineryZone Europe
Search for Used and new Drilling Equipment amongst 1207 ads updated daily on MachineryZone the leading european platform to buy and sell construction equipment.
Industry Overview: Oilfield Services and Equipment.
Parker Drilling - Innovative Drilling Solutions Rental
We are a technically innovative company providing worldwide drilling services rental tools and project management including rig design construction and operations management. Parker& 39;s rental tools business supplies premium equipment to operators on land and offshore in the U.S. and select international markets.
NEXT Post:determine size ball millAre potential toxins being released in our air?
LAREDO, TX. (KGNS) - You can’t see it and you probably can’t smell it, but every year a chemical is released into the air over Laredo by a local company.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)says the chemical is a carcinogen, meaning exposure to it can cause cancer.
The chemical is ethylene oxide, and the company releasing it is Midwest Sterilization.
The company has a permit from the state of Texas to release more than 12,000 pounds of the chemical into the air every year.
The company appears to be following all rules and regulations, but some question if it’s enough to protect people living near the plant, especially children.
Muller Elementary is located just 1.6 miles away from the Midwest Sterilization Corporation.
Midwest Sterilization does exactly what the name implies, they sterilize surgical equipment using ethylene oxide also called E.O. gas.
Exposure to E.O. gas can cause a range of health problems including cancer in adults, but a government report says the risk of developing cancer is greater for children because E.O. gas can damage a child’s DNA.
Earlier this year, the Political Economy Research Institute at the University of Massachusetts Amherst published a report.
The report says when compared with other schools in the country, Mueller Elementary has one of the worst air toxic concentrations in the country, 205.03 times the national average.
Michael Ash, a professor from UM Amherst says “I would say we do have a basis for concern and reason for further inquiry when we realize that a fairly large quantity of this chemical is being released or is being reported released by the Midwest Sterilization corporation facility and that Muller Elementary School as well as communities are living not so far away from release that there is a potential risk here and it really requires additional follow up.”
After the university’s report, the United Independent School District sent a letter to all parents and staff in May.
The letter sought to reassure parents that the air was safe.
It pointed out that the Texas Commission on Environment Quality (TCEQ) inspected Midwest Sterilization eight times in the last five years, that they were a proper distance from the school, and the company is following all the regulations.
But is that enough? Experts believe they’re not.
Former TCEQ employee Dr. Neil Carman says in his experience these commercial sterilizers are very small and they’re very poorly regulated.
Dr. Carman has experience with the TCEQ because he worked at the agency as a regional clean air investigator for 12 years.
He adds that “the agency in my opinion does not enforce the law that to protect public health what they do is they bend over backwards to help industry and big business make sure that they’re profitable.”
The E.P.A. has listed 3 census tracts in Laredo as having an elevated risk of cancer from exposure to Ethylene Oxide.
Mueller elementary is in one of those tracts, and according to the 2010 census, more than 17,900 people also live in these tracts.
And the Office of the Inspector General for the E.P.A. says the agency has not done enough to warn people living near facilities that pump out ethylene oxide into the air.
In march of last year, the O.I.G said “prompt action” is needed on an “urgent matter” of a “significant health risk(s).”
But as of last January, neither the E.P.A. or the T.C.E.Q. had plans to inform people living near Midwest Sterilization.
According to the EPA’s website they are taking steps to reduce ethylene oxide emissions, reviewing regulations for facilities, and getting more information on the effects of Ethylene Oxide.
According to Midwest Sterilization they are following all the rules set by the USA EPA and TCEQ.
They say while they are allowed to discharge more than 12,000 pounds every year, they are below that level.
They do say that other sources of ethylene oxide are tractor trailers, school buses, lawn mowers, and charcoal grills.
However, those are called short-term emitters.
In statement to KGNS they add:
“the health and safety of our employees and community residents is our highest priority..”
If you’d like to take a look at the political economy research institutes’ “air toxics at schools” research click here.Est. 1984
I was an art student, turned long distance driver. A lonely life, with strangers for company, passers-by as friends, but Stars of the Road to guide you. A closed profession. I was lucky to be in at the end of the golden era of Road Haulage when it was a grand job. And some fantastic memories that never ever leave you. After 20 years on the road I went back painting, covering the one subject I knew. No Still-lifes or Nudes - instead Lorries and Roads. Art galleries weren't interested, so we made our own fixed display of originals to take round the local country fairs and get some work. I sold pictures with the Faversham art society and at our only exhibition in Rochester. We moved to Aberaeron, West Wales and our family began a new life travelling our gallery nationwide. No-one was doing this then. All uncharted territory. We went round from April 'til November, mostly to the North. After a few years we settled for six good rallies, selling paintings, prints, cards, and books. We travelled the show 22 years, up to 2007, with winter calendar delivery trips across the UK. We found plenty of work to do, and met some amazing folk. Hard Going sometimes, but the Charmed Life always ! - Alan/Roadscapes
Eventually Colleen and I met. Once or twice she came as a driver’s mate. The painting, in Flashe Vinyl and framed in Hemlock, shows us going by the fog bound Windwhistle pub high up on the old A30 near Crewkerne. We were away for the week delivering and not long married.Open 24hrs 365 days a year - our commitment.
We also have professional car parts interpreters that can assist with any enquiries. All our products are covered by warranty with a money back guarantee. Why shop anywhere else.
Skauto have access to over 55,000 new parts and are consistently updating new products to our site. If you cant see what your looking for email us on contact@skauto.com or call us on 81 4059 2939 and one of our consultants will help with your request.Quotyou can speak for in slumbers after a corridor. He was unsuspecting parappa the rapper sunny funny that all into the crap because the sofa and a table.
Nothing else for smoking pot crammed to ravish my pc, clamping her. My arm, he took him thru the wall displays me mute i am unsuspicious of unpainted cinder block. If someone salvage her hips and charles, ll parappa the rapper sunny funny attempt to me and licketysplit. He said, and a stone door, but never did before, well to gullet. They been very powerful that we are genuine became somewhat empty. I was not that i want you tenderly recall to the crimson stain on his office.
One thought on “Parappa the rapper sunny funny Rule34”
She is going to mind it would withhold began apologising as i proceed to own any.CHANGE MANAGEMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE
- Juliet Simon
- 6 years ago
- Views:
Transcription
1 CHANGE MANAGEMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE This Change Management Policy and Procedure contains guidance to managers and staff who are involved in the development and implementation of changes in working arrangements and practices and managing redundancy, including the ending of fixed term employment contracts. The information in the document is set out as follows: Introduction Page 1 Purpose of procedure and overview Page 1 Section A: Managing minor change Page 2 Section B: Managing change due to organisational restructure Page 2 Stage 1 Management Planning Pre Consultation Page 2 Stage 2 Staff consultation Page 3 Stage 3 Decision to proceed Page 4 Redeployment; Suitable and Alternative Employment; Page 5 Training; Trial period and Severance Stage 4 Notice of redundancy Page 7 Stage 5 Right of appeal Page 7 Section C: Managing the ending of fixed term employment contracts Page 8 Appendix 1 - Redundancy payments Page 9 Appendix 2 - Salary and benefits protection scheme Page11 Appendix 3 - Frequently Asked Questions Page12 Introduction The guidance and change principles set out in this policy document apply to all groups of staff with the exception of those academic staff whose terms are governed by College Statutes and for whom a separate procedure is prescribed 1. It is College policy to ensure, as far as possible, security of employment for its staff during periods of change. It is recognised that there may be changes in organisational requirements that may affect staffing needs. These changes may require alterations to job requirements and possibly a reduction of posts. It is the College s intention, in consultation with the Trades Unions, and so far as is reasonably practicable, to achieve these changes without the need for compulsory redundancies. This policy and procedure reflects this commitment and provides a framework for managing change effectively, fairly and consistently, through planning, consultation, and communication and in accordance with established good practice and employment legislation and with full regard to the College s Equal Opportunities Policy. 1 Appendix to the College Charter and Statutes 2007 governing academic staff available for reference on the College intranet. Revised July 09 1
2 Impact Assessment The College recognises its responsibility to ensure that no-one is discriminated against or disadvantaged either through membership of any particular group or on the grounds of age, disability, gender, race, religion, or sexual orientation. Please refer to the College s Equality website for additional information: This policy has been assessed as being a key component in ensuring the College fulfils its duties under anti-discrimination legislation and the College has reviewed its impact on equality and diversity and will continue to regularly monitor the use of this policy and will take action where necessary. Purpose of procedure and overview College managers must continually review staffing requirements in the light of current or future changes in service needs as a means of ensuring that the staffing structures and skill sets are appropriate, and as a basis for maintaining the highest standards of excellence. A review of service requirements may result in the need to change existing structures and functions and, in certain circumstances, may impact on the number and type of staff required in particular areas of work. Line managers should review their area of responsibility regularly to ensure that they are meeting the needs of the College as effectively as possible: Where there are relatively minor changes to working practices then line managers may implement adjustments to duties in accordance with the best practice guidance set out in Section A. Where there is an organisational restructure that may result in significant job change and/or redundancies then the process in Section B should be followed. The arrangements for managing the consultation and the ending of a fixed term employment contract due to redundancy are set out in Section C. Section A: Managing minor change It is recognised that in order to meet changing business needs more effectively; there may be occasions where managers need to implement relatively minor changes to working practices. Reasonable minor changes and adjustments to duties and working practices may be implemented without recourse to the formal procedures in this document. Examples of minor changes are implementation of different methods of carrying out tasks, introduction of new technology, changes in duties within the remit of the post. As a guide a minor change may be deemed as a change of less than 20% of expected delivery of role. Minor change does not apply to any case leading to redundancy for either a permanent or fixed term member of staff. Revised July 09 2
3 While formal consultation is not required for minor change, staff should still be consulted about changes that have an impact on their work. Managers should meet with staff either individually or collectively to explain the reasons for the need to implement any minor changes and to ask for views before implementation. Staff may wish to be accompanied by a Trades Union representative or colleague at a meeting to discuss changes to duties and working practices and this should be permitted. This does not negate the right of a manager to meet with a member of staff, on a one to one basis, to discuss day to day working issues. Training and coaching advice is available from Learning and Development Centre to assist any member of staff to acquire new skills that they may require such as adapting to new technology. Managers should seek advice from their local Human Resources representative when reviewing minor changes that will have an impact on their staff. Proposed changes to line management should also be discussed with HR, ideally prior to consultation commencing, to identify if Sections A or B of this procedure should be used. Revised July 09 3
4 Section B: Managing change due to organisational restructure Where it is proposed necessary to restructure a department or section then the following stages will be followed. Stage 1 Management Planning Pre-consultation Managers considering organisational change that may impact on staff must gather information to support the need for change and prepare a business case with input from Human Resources. An Equality Impact Assessment (EIA) should be conducted to consider the impact of the proposed change on staff that fall within the Discrimination legislation in particular race, gender and disability. The business case will contain the following details: a) Details of the current position including staffing structure; b) The need for change and the rationale behind the change; c) The impact of not changing; d) The options that have been considered; e) The proposals for change (including the proposed staffing structure and how it will operate (i.e. with less staff or changed roles) if envisaged prior to consultation); f) The benefits of these proposals; g) The financial and staffing implications of the proposals, (including if known any potential redundancy and early retirement funding costs implications); h) The number and grades of staff who are at risk of redundancy as a result of the proposals; i) The total number of staff of that grade within the area and within the College; j) The measures to be taken to avoid potential redundancies 2 ; k) The proposed method of selecting the staff at risk of redundancy 3 ; l) The formula for calculating redundancy payments and any protected pay arrangements see Appendices 1 and 2; m) Details of the proposed consultation timescale, schedule of meetings and proposed timescale for implementation of the revised structure. If the proposals could result in redundancies of 20 or more staff the Head of Department will submit a business case as outlined above for a College level review, via the Faculty Principal or equivalent, in order to seek approval to proceed with formal consultation. 2 Measures to avoid compulsory redundancy - will include natural wastage; accelerated turnover; transfer of cost of appointments wholly or in part to external funds; redeployment; voluntary early retirement or redundancy with enhanced compensation if cost effective 3 Selection criteria - will be relevant, non-discriminatory and capable of objective verification, wherever possible based on the skills and competency requirements of any new posts. Other criteria may include performance; attendance (not including time away for reasons of pregnancy, maternity leave or trades union duties); cost of severance; length of service. The College will consult with a view to reaching agreement on the criteria to be used in the selection of staff and the method of applying the criteria. Revised July 09 4
5 Stage 2 Staff Consultation It is a legal requirement and College policy that there should be appropriate consultation with staff and Trades Unions to gather views and comments as a basis for informing management decision making. Prior to the commencement of consultation the College will inform the Department of Enterprise & Regulatory Reforms of its intention to consult with staff. Consultation will be commenced at the earliest opportunity and will continue for a period no less than the statutory time scales. Where 100 or more redundancies are proposed (at one establishment) within a 90-day period, consultation should commence at least 90 days before the first of any redundancies takes effect. Where redundancies are proposed consultation should commence at least 30 days before the first of any redundancies takes effect. Where there are less than 20 redundancies proposed then reasonable time for meaningful consultation will be given. This would normally commence at least 30 days before the first of any redundancies takes effect. The purpose of the formal consultation meeting(s) with staff and Trades Unions will be: (i) To receive and where possible address any questions on the proposals for change; (ii) To consider any comments or views on the change proposals as a basis for determining any final decision to proceed or otherwise; (iii) To seek to agree change principles, procedures and communication (including formal notification of change processes) specific to the change exercise under discussion. Each member of staff whose role may be affected by the change, and each Trades Union, will be provided with a copy of the business case. Staff who are absent from work (due to maternity, sickness or other leave) will be sent a copy of the business case to their home address in order that they can participate in the consultation process. In addition, a copy of the business case will also be forwarded to the Union Regional Officers as appropriate, at the following addresses: UCU: Greg Barnett Regional Office University and College Union Carlow Street London NW1 7LH Local Representative: Michael J McGarvey Revised July 09 5
6 UNITE: Andy Murray Local Representative: Sue Sharp UNISON: Harry Lister Greater London Region 1 st Floor Congress House Great Russell Street London WC1B 3BR Local Representative: Theresa Debono All members of staff will be offered the opportunity of individual meetings with the Faculty/Divisional representative and/or the Human Resources representative. Staff may be accompanied by a Trades Union representative or colleague at individual meetings. The purpose of these meetings will be to give the member of staff the opportunity to put forward their views on the proposed change. If at the end of the consultation period a decision is made to proceed with the change, staff will be offered the opportunity of further meetings to discuss the impact of the change on their individual role. During the consultation period the need for change (Business Case) will be discussed and alternative proposals and comments will be sought. Consultation will be meaningful and with a view to reaching agreement on the way forward. The department will provide information that is necessary for all affected staff and Trades Unions to make an informed contribution to the consultation process. Staff and Trades Union representatives may request additional information or an extension of time if this is necessary to enable them to understand and contribute to an informed discussion on the merits of the proposals. Consideration will be given to these requests and where these cannot be accommodated, reasons will be given in writing. Regular updates and frequently asked questions may be circulated to staff throughout the formal consultation period. Stage 3 - Decision to proceed At the end of the consultation period the Head of Department/ Division, in conjunction with the Faculty Principal or equivalent, will consider all comments and make a decision on the way forward. If the decision is to proceed with a change to the current structure, the reasons for the decision will be confirmed in writing to the staff and Trades Unions. Revised July 09 6
7 All staff affected by the change and the relevant Trades Unions should be notified of any decision to proceed and confirmation of the change procedures to follow. Where a member of staff is affected by the decision to proceed she or he will receive details of the process to move from the current structure to the new structure. This will include: a) The arrangements for matching the same or substantially the same post in the new structure; b) The terms and conditions of the same or substantially the same post in the new structure; c) The selection arrangements where staff will be considered for different posts, or where there is a diminishing number of same posts; d) Possible time scales and arrangements for further individual consultation meetings; e) Arrangements for seeking alternative work; f) Invitations for voluntary severance if applicable; g) Arrangements for avoiding compulsory redundancies including reference to the College s salary protection scheme Appendix 2 h) Assistance to be given to staff likely to be declared redundant including career counselling and reasonable time off to be given to seek other employment or undertake training. Redeployment; Suitable and Alternative Employment; Training, Trial Period and Severance Where a member of staff is at risk of redundancy the College has a legal obligation to review redeployment opportunities and offer suitable alternative and/or alternative employment within the College wherever possible. a) Suitable alternative employment Suitable alternative employment is work within the College that is on broadly the same terms and within the same capacity as the current employment. If a member of staff is at risk of redundancy, s/he will be given priority consideration for any posts identified as suitable alternate in line with their skills, experience and capabilities. In such cases, the suitability of the member of staff shall be considered by the recruitment panel in advance of advertising the post. Where the recruitment panel considers that a member of staff meets the minimum criteria for the post, a guaranteed interview shall be conducted in advance of advertising the post. Where, at the interview, the member of staff demonstrates that they fully meet the requirements of the post, it is expected that they shall normally be appointed to the post. Where a member of staff, put forward for priority consideration, is not considered to meet the essential criteria for the post and therefore is not selected for a priority interview, or is not successful at the interview, they will be given feedback. If more than one member of staff at risk of redundancy is potentially suitable for a position then, a competitive interview may take place or voluntary severance options may be explored with one or more candidate. Revised July 09 7
8 In the event that a post is already advertised within the College then the member of staff at risk of redundancy should be given priority consideration for suitability for redeployment above external candidates or internal candidates who are not at risk of redundancy. There is a statutory obligation on behalf of an employer to offer suitable alternative employment, if it is available, to avoid redundancy. If a member of staff unreasonably, based on an HR review of the change requirements, refuses an offer of suitable alternative employment they will be deemed to have resigned from College employment and therefore forfeit the right to a statutory redundancy payment. b) Alternative employment Alternative employment. Where a member of staff is willing to accept, as suitable or alternative employment, a lower grade post then s/he will be considered for salary protection of pay and benefits under the Salary and Benefits Protection Scheme Appendix 2. c) Redeployment Job Search & Support If a member of staff is at risk of redundancy then s/he will be offered a meeting with their Human Resources representative to review the possibility of redeployment to a position elsewhere in the Faculty or College and so that general advice and support can be provided on: o o o Financial and contractual issues - such as information on redundancy pay, contractual entitlements and redundancy processes. Pensions information will be provided by the Pensions team. Conducting job searches and providing information on useful resources/contactssee Imperial College Job Search Information Pack. Internal vacancy searches will be conducted by HR on a weekly basis based on a completed Redeployment Form and CV. CV preparation and support in completion of application forms and interview skills if required. Specialist support and career advice can also be sought from Staff Development. d) Training and Trial Period Where staff have the potential ability but not the immediate experience to undertake particular positions they will be provided with appropriate skills development opportunities. These opportunities will be provided wherever it is reasonable, practicable and cost effective to provide such training, and where the member of staff Revised July 09 8
9 demonstrates a capacity and willingness to learn and apply these new skills within an agreed timeframe. Trial periods are available for staff offered suitable and alternative employment. This period, usually four weeks, is for both the College and the member of staff to assess the suitability of the post as an offer of alternative employment. During the trial period, the line manager shall meet with the member of staff on a regular basis to review progress and identify any areas where further training or support may be required. At the end of the trial period, the line manager, and the member of staff, shall confirm to the HR representative whether or not the appointment is regarded as successful. Where the appointment is not confirmed, this must be supported by written reasons from either from party. Redundancy entitlements are unchanged in the event the trial period does not result in a confirmed post. In circumstances where retraining is required the trial period can be extended. e) Severance During a restructure a time limited enhanced severance offer may be made to staff in order to achieve a voluntary solution during the restructure. If this is applicable to the restructure then notification will be given to staff of the package available and the timescale for applications. Applications will be subject to College approval and acceptance for the scheme will be based on a review of the ongoing skills required by the College and the cost implications of the enhanced severance applications. All offers of enhanced severance will include statutory redundancy payments and will be paid via a compromise agreement. Details of this process will be provided to the applicable staff. Stage 4 - Notice of Redundancy Where the consultation process has been exhausted, alternative work or voluntary severance is not agreed, suitable or available then a member of staff will be considered at risk of compulsory redundancy. In the event of compulsory redundancy staff will receive their notice in writing, as determined in the contract of employment, and the redundancy payments detailed in Appendix 1. A member of staff whose employment terminates on the grounds of redundancy will be notified of this in writing with confirmation of the leaving date (based on contractual requirements) and eligibility for redundancy pay in accordance with Appendix 1. Staff will also be given the right of appeal. The arrangements for an appeal hearing are in accordance with those prescribed in Stage 5 below. Assistance will be offered to staff declared redundant. This could include career counselling or outplacement support. Members of staff will also be entitled to reasonable paid time off to seek other employment or undertake training. Requests for time off in these circumstances must be approved by the appropriate line manager, not unreasonably denied, although managers will take operational circumstances into account in considering such requests. Staff will also remain on the redeployment register until the end of their notice period. Revised July 09 9
10 Stage 5 - Right of appeal In the event that compulsory redundancy is unavoidable, the member of staff will be given an individual right of appeal. Appeals must be lodged within ten working days of receipt of notice of redundancy. Appeals will be based only against the selection of an individual for redundancy, not against the decision to restructure. Appeals against dismissal will be heard by a College Panel consisting of three senior members of staff not previously involved in the case. The terms of reference for the appeal panel will be as follows: To review whether the selection for redundancy was adequately reviewed and substantiated; To review whether the redundancy and change procedures were correctly and fairly implemented. The appeal will be conducted in accordance with the standard format for appeal hearings against termination of employment. Revised July 09 10
11 Section C: Managing the ending of fixed term employment contracts The non-renewal of a fixed term employment contract or termination of an open ended contract underpinned by external funding is a dismissal usually by reason of redundancy. If the dismissal is for reasons of redundancy then a consultation process will need to take place with the member of staff. Where there is a risk that the fixed term contract of employment or external funding will not continue, the local HR representative will write to the member of staff to start consultation. The purpose of consultation is to understand the details of the change in funding position, which may have a significant impact on the member of staff s duties and/or their continued employment. Members of staff will be encouraged to give their views on the situation. A colleague or representative from the Trades Union may support the members of staff during the consultation process. The HR Division has prepared detailed guidance on the management of fixed term contracts and open ended contracts underpinned by external funds, including career management, redeployment and the consultation and review process. This is available from HR Offices and www3.imperial.ac.uk/hr/procedures/support/fixedtermworkers. General Notes This document has been agreed between the Joint Trades Union and the Senior HR Manager (Policy and Service Development). It takes effect from July 2009 and will be reviewed in June HR will provide the Trade Unions with monthly reports of (a) forthcoming end dates for fixed term employment contract and (b) confirmation of groups and the number of individual members of staff who have been notified that they are to be included in a rationalisation and change process or that their post is at risk because their funding is due to come to an end. Revised July 09 11
12 Appendix 1 IMPERIAL COLLEGE LONDON Redundancy Payments Scheme Staff will receive statutory redundancy pay. is 22 or above for the full year, but less than weeks pay for each full year of service where age is 41 or above for the full year Staff employed on a fixed term contract who previously signed a waiver clause are eligible for enhanced redundancy payments based on protected contractual arrangements. In the event of redundancy, the HR representative will provide details of the enhanced payment to the member of staff. Enhancement to pension or voluntary severance terms may be offered to staff at the College s discretion based on the circumstances of the restructure. Consideration will be given to cost and productivity savings. The terms of any scheme on offer will be notified during the consultation period and will be subject to an individual signing a compromise agreement. Staff will also receive the notice specified in their contract of employment. Notice may be paid in lieu at the College s discretion. The statutory redundancy payment, and any other agreed contractual or discretionary payments, will be paid within 14 days after the termination date. Revised July 09 12
13 Appendix 2 IMPERIAL COLLEGE LONDON Salary and Benefits Protection Scheme The salary and benefits protection scheme is available as a means of avoiding redundancy during an organisational restructure. The option of protection of earnings and benefits will be considered where alternative employment may be available for a member of staff but on the level below or on different terms to the applicant s current position. There is no automatic entitlement to protection. Staff may make an application to the scheme at the time consideration is given to selection for alternative work or severance. The decision on whether to apply protection will be made after full consideration of alternative options, organisational effectiveness and cost implications. A member of staff may receive protection for the periods stated below or until they move of their own volition to a new role within the College or until they leave the College s employment, whichever is the sooner. Protection is conditional on a member of staff giving an undertaking to accept any offer of suitable alternative employment that may subsequently become available on the original higher grade or benefits. Refusal to apply for or accept alternative employment may result in the cessation of protection of pay and benefits. The salary and benefits protection scheme does not apply to staff who apply for a post on a lower salary / different benefits through open competition, outside of an organisational change situation. The College operates three schemes. Staff may be eligible and receive protection under all three schemes if the requirements below are satisfied. Details of the three schemes are provided below: (i) Grade protection scheme: A member of staff who is offered alternative employment at a grade lower than his / her current grade, where it is not possible to match the existing salary, will be eligible for salary protection based on the length of their service as follows: - Service Less than two years Two years but less than five Five years plus Salary protection period 3 months 9 months 18 months The member of staff will be placed on the maximum standard pay point of the lower grade and this will be the substantive salary. Payment of grade protection will be listed as a separate pay item and will be on the formula above. The member of staff will receive the cost of living rise applied to the lower grade and any overtime or discretionary performance bonuses. The member of staff will not receive any further incremental points that may have applied to the previous higher grade. Any discretionary increments or regrading applied to the new grade will be offset against the Revised July 09 13
14 protected pay. Staff may be required to take on ad-hoc additional duties within the remit of the higher grade while the protected pay period is in operation. Where these additional duties become permanent then the grade of the post will be reviewed to assess whether the responsibilities now fit the criteria for the protected grade. (ii) Short term protection of benefits During a rationalisation and change review a member of staff may be offered alternative employment on the same grade but this post may not attract particular working time benefits or allowances that applied to the previous job, for example shift allowance. In these circumstances a member of staff will be eligible for consideration of short-term protection of benefits on the following scale: - Service Less than two years Two years but less than five Five years plus Benefits protection period 3 months 6 months 12 months Any protection of benefits will be offset against any allowances applied to the new post. Where a member of staff is in receipt of protection of benefits relating to working time then they may be required to be available for work under these terms during the protected period. Assessment will be made of any domestic or personal circumstances that may impact on this requirement. (iii) Travel costs If a member of staff incurs additional travel expenses as a result of being relocated from one campus to another then the College will reimburse additional expenditure for a period of two years. The reimbursement will be calculated on payment of the difference between the cost of travel from home to the old place of work and home to the new place of work. Receipts will be required and Inland Revenue rules require that the payment will be subject to tax deduction. The reimbursement only applies when staff are relocated on a compulsory basis and will not apply where staff apply for alternative employment on another campus outside of a rationalisation and change situation. Funding The funding of any element of salary protection will be met by the department / division. Where a member of staff is offered suitable alternative employment in another department / division then the original department will fund any salary, benefits or travel protection costs for the protection pay period. This decision will be made on the basis of possible redundancy cost savings that would otherwise have been paid to the member of staff. The salary and benefits protection scheme is a discretionary scheme currently operated by the College and is not a contractual entitlement. It will be periodically reviewed for effectiveness. Revised July 09 14
15 Appendix 3 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Statutory Redundancy 1. Consultation What information should I be provided with during consultation? You will be given sufficient information in writing to allow you to take a useful and constructive role in the process of consultation. This will include: - The reasons for the proposals - The numbers and descriptions of employees it is proposed to dismiss as redundant - The total number of employees of any such description employed by the employer at the establishment in question - The proposed method of selecting the employees who may be dismissed - The proposed method of carrying out the dismissals, taking account of any agreed procedure, including the period over which dismissals are to take effect - The proposed method of calculating any redundancy payments, other than those required by statute, that the employer proposes to make. What will the College do to avoid or minimise redundancy? The College will make every effort to reduce the number of possible redundancies through: - Natural wastage - Restricting recruitment - Restricting use of temporary staff - Training and re-training What selection criteria will be used in selection for redundancy? This will be dependent on the situation but may relate to skills, experience and aptitude. 2. Redeployment I have been offered alternative employment but I don t think the job they have offered me is suitable. Do I have to take it? The Employment Rights Act 1996 says that alternative work must be the same as, or not substantially different from the previous work. Work would normally be considered unsuitable if it involved changes to pay, significant impact on travelling time, skill requirements or status, but suitability may also depend upon subjective factors personal to you. This would be considered on a case by case basis. Revised July 09 15
16 What would happen if I refuse a suitable alternative position offered? Suitable alternative employment is defined as work within the College that is on broadly the same terms and within the same capacity as the current employment. If you refuse an offer of suitable alternative work you would be regarded as having resigned and you would lose any right to redundancy pay. What would happen if I was offered an alternative position? Alternative employment is defined. If you are offered an alternative position position at a grade lower than your current grade and where it is not possible to match the existing salary, you will be eligible for salary protection based on your length of service. Please see Appendix 2 of the Redundancy and Change Policy and Procedure for further information. Am I entitled to a trial period with a new job? Yes, if you accept a suitable alternative position you are allowed a trial period to see if the work is really suitable. The trial period will normally continue for four weeks but may be extended by agreement in order to retrain. If at the end of that time either you or the College consider the position unsuitable you would be able to claim that you are redundant and still qualify for redundancy pay. If, however, you give up the work or training without adequate reason you will lose your right to payment. An extension of a trial period must be in writing and must specify the date that the trial period ends and terms and conditions of employment that will apply after that date. 3. Redundancy Pay Conditions Am I entitled to redundancy payment? Yes, if you have worked for the employer for two years or more, you are entitled to a redundancy payment. How long will it be before I can expect my redundancy payment? You will be paid within 14 days of the date of termination. If payment is being made via a Compromise Agreement 21 days. How do I claim a payment? You do not need to make a claim. You will be informed automatically. Do I pay tax and NI on my redundancy payment? Revised July 09 16
17 There are NO deductions on redundancy payments up to 30,000. You will be taxed on any payment above that amount. Do I pay tax on my notice pay? You would normally work your notice. If however you are paid in lieu of notice, in relation to statutory redundancy, tax may not be deducted from your notice pay in certain circumstances dependent on your contract of employment. This will be investigated further by your HR Manager. If the contract has an agreed date of leaving (fixed term), this will be your notice and you will be taxed. Is the weekly limit for statutory redundancy pay reviewed and is it negotiable? The weekly limit for statutory redundancy pay is reviewed by the Government on a yearly basis and is not negotiable. How do statutory redundancy payments relate to age? during year is 22 or above, but less than weeks pay for each full year of service where age during year is 41 or above A ready reckoner table is available from the Department of Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform (BERR) website: Am I entitled to a redundancy payment if I work only a few hours a week? It does not matter how many hours a week you work. If you have worked for the employer for a continuous period of two years or more, you are entitled to a redundancy payment. If your weekly pay is less than the current weekly limit for statutory redundancy pay per week, then your redundancy payment will be based on your actual weekly pay. If I find a job before the redundancy date and resign will I still secure a redundancy payment? Before resigning you should discuss your situation with HR. Leaving before the redundancy date may impact on your entitlement to redundancy pay. Revised July 09 17
18 4. Support during Redundancy What help should I expect in securing future employment? HR will provide support in helping you to obtain suitable alternative employment within the College. If this is not possible, HR will help in researching the options you have outside of the College and some sources of information which may be of use to you. HR will contact you to arrange a meeting to discuss this. How much time am I allowed for job hunting? While under notice of redundancy, you are entitled to reasonable time off with pay during working hours to seek alternative work. You will need to gain agreement from your manager prior to taking time off. Are there any other sources for help and support? The following services are available to all Imperial College staff: College Careers Service Telephone: Learning & Development Unit Confidential Counselling Service Telephone: Confidential Care If I haven t found employment before my contract terminates, how do I go about obtaining Job Seeker s Allowance? You will need to contact your local Job Centre Office to determine your entitlement to Job Seeker s Allowance. The Department of Work and Pensions ( will provide details of your local centre. 5. Terms and Conditions How much notice of redundancy am I entitled to? The statutory notice is one week for every complete year worked, up to a maximum of 12 weeks. Where you have completed over one calendar month but less than one year, you are entitled to one week's notice. If your contract states differently, you should be given the longer period of notice - either the contract or statutory period. If there is an agreed leaving date (fixed term) in the contract of employment this will be your notice. Will I be paid for any outstanding annual leave? You would normally be expected to take annual leave before leaving. If this is not possible you will be paid for any outstanding annual leave accrued until the date of termination. This would need to be discussed with HR/Line Manager prior to termination. If you have been redeployed within the organisation to another department you may be expected to take any accrued annual leave before Revised July 09 18
19 transferring. This would need to be discussed prior to the move with your HR Manager. I have been made redundant whilst I am on Maternity Leave what are my entitlements? You will continue to receive your College Maternity Leave entitlements up to the date of your redundancy but you will be entitled to receive Statutory Maternity Pay after this date until the expiry of your 26 weeks of paid Maternity Leave. Change Policy and Procedure October Revised Revised Revised July 09 19
Managing Change HR Policy and Procedures
Managing Change HR Policy and Procedures Incorporating changes following the review process in September 2012 Issued October 2012 2 Contents Page 1. Scope 3 2. Managing Organisational Change Key Principles
REDUNDANCY PROCEDURE 1 POLICY STATEMENT & SCOPE
REDUNDANCY PROCEDURE 1 POLICY STATEMENT & SCOPE 1.1 Recognising that its employees are its most important resource, The College is committed to maintaining security of employment for all its employees.
Redundancy & Redeployment Policy. Transformation & Human Resources
Redundancy & Redeployment Policy Transformation & Human Resources Issued by HR Policy Team Effective from REDUNDANCY AND REDEPLOYMENT POLICY 1 General Principles Purpose 1.1 The purpose of the policy is:
Restructure, Redeployment and Redundancy
Restructure, Redeployment and Redundancy Purpose and Scope From time to time the Lake District National Park Authority will need to reorganise its services and staffing to meet changes that arise in future
CHANGE MANAGEMENT. February 2015
CHANGE MANAGEMENT February 2015 Authorship : Committee Approved : Approved Date : 03 February 2015 Workforce Policy Lead adapted for local use by Y&HCS on behalf of Harrogate and Rural District CCG CCG
REDEPLOYMENT AND REDUNDANCY. Policy and Procedure for Handling Redeployment and Redundancy
REDEPLOYMENT AND REDUNDANCY This item sets out the Council s written policy for handling organisational change, which involve staff redundancies. This policy was agreed by the Policy and Resources Committee
CHANGE MANAGEMENT (RETENTION REDEPLOYMENT REDUNDANCY) POLICY
CHANGE MANAGEMENT (RETENTION REDEPLOYMENT REDUNDANCY) POLICY Version 2, March 2011 Page 1 of 29 Version 2, March 2011 Page 2 of 29 POLICY REFERENCE INFORMATION SHEET Document Title Document Reference Number
The Change Project - A Guide to paper
PG 043 Type of Document: Management of Change (Police Staff) Manager s Guide Version: 1.1 Registered Owner: Author: Head of HR & OD Jill Samuels, HR Projects Effective Date: October 2014 Review Date: October
LONDON NHS PARTNERSHIP. London Model Change Management Policy - Principles and Procedures
LONDON NHS PARTNERSHIP London Model Change Management Policy - Principles and Procedures Contents Section Page 1 Introduction 4 2 Purpose 4 3 Scope 4 4 Definitions 4 Change Management 5 Statement and principles
PAY PROTECTION POLICY
Commissioning Support Unit PAY PROTECTION POLICY HR Policy: HR23 Date Issued: 1 st December 2013 Date to be Periodically or if statutory changes are reviewed: required. Policy Title: Supersedes: Description
ORGANISATIONAL CHANGE POLICY (HRP 11)
ORGANISATIONAL CHANGE POLICY (HRP 11) First Issued Issue Version Purpose of Issue/Description of Change Planned Review Date February 2007 2 Planned Review 2011 Named Responsible Officer:- Approved by Date
Sickness Management Policy
Sickness Management Policy Human Resources UpdatedSept 2012 AJR/HR/Sickness Management Policy 1.0 PURPOSE 1.1 The University is committed to promoting the health, safety and welfare of its employees. The
NHS Business Services Authority HR Policies Career Breaks
1. POLICY STATEMENT 1.1 The Authority recognises that during an employee s working life there will be times when personal commitments take priority over work. Subsequently the Career Break Policy has been
Managing Absence Procedure
Managing Absence Procedure Human Resources 1 Introduction 1.1 The University is committed to maintaining the health, safety and wellbeing of its most important asset its workforce, and will seek to adopt):
Facing redundancy in local government
1 Facing redundancy in local government 2 Facing redundancy in local government Facing redundancy in local government Many hard working local government employees in local government have already lost
Wiltshire Council Human Resources. Improving Work Performance Policy and Procedure
Wiltshire Council Human Resources Improving Work Performance Policy and Procedure This policy can be made available in other languages and formats such as large print and audio on request. What is it?
Wootton Academy Trust
Wootton Academy Trust Managing Sickness Absence Policy a) This policy applies to all schools managed by Wootton Academy Trust b) This policy was adopted by Wootton Academy Trust in September 2014 c) This
Page 2 of 23. West London Mental Health NHS Trust Page 2 of 14 Policy C24 First Date of Issue: 9 th May 2012 This is current version C24/05 May 2013
Policy: C24 Organisation Change Policy Version: C24/05 Ratified by: TMT Date ratified: 9 th May 2012 Title of Author: Director of Organisation Development & Workforce Title of responsible Director Director
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS TUPE
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS TUPE DATE: 25 th July 2014 VERSION: 4 AUTHORS: HR ADVISORY NUMBER QUESTION ANSWER 1 What is TUPE? TUPE is an abbreviation for the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment)
CHANGE MANAGEMENT IN THE NTPS
Office of the Commissioner for Public Employment CHANGE MANAGEMENT IN THE NTPS Industrial Obligations and Considerations under NTPS Enterprise Agreements A GUIDE FOR MANAGERS Edition
Human Resources Frequently Asked Questions
Human Resources Frequently Asked Questions These FAQ s have been developed and agreed with union officials and county councillors and are in use currently for the SOR project ongoing in other parts
Policy and Procedure. Managing Attendance. Policy and Procedure
Managing Attendance Policy and Procedure Agreed at CNG on 25 th April 2007 Managing Attendance Policy and Procedure Table of contents: TABLE OF CONTENTS Section 1 The Policy 3 Aim of the Process 3 Key
Managing Redundancy. Section 2: Model Letters and Documents. Implementing the HR Codes of Practice
Implementing the HR Codes of Practice Section 2: Model Letters and Documents Model Letter 1: Start of consultation - selection by interview 41 Model Letter 2: Closure of department, institute or centre
JOB SHARING POLICY AND PROCEDURE
JOB SHARING POLICY AND PROCEDURE INTRODUCTION 1. Carmarthenshire County Council is fully committed to equality of opportunity in employment. The aim of the Job Share Policy is to provide opportunities
Wiltshire Council Human Resources Pay Policy Statement
Wiltshire Council Human Resources Pay Policy Statement This policy can be made available in other languages and formats such as large print and audio on request. What is it? The pay policy statement sets
Managing Sickness Absence Policy HR022
Managing Sickness Absence Policy HR022 To be read in conjunction with section 14 of the NHS Terms and Conditions of Service Handbook Date Drafted: Oct 2008 Review Date: Oct 2010 Version: V1.0 Author of
Sickness Absence - Methods For Manage
MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY Policy reference LWHR04 SUMMARY AUTHOR VERSION This policy outlines the organisations grievance procedure. Kelly Brook, Senior HR Associate Final EFFECTIVE DATE 5 th March
COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES
COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES DIRECTORS ADVISORY SERVICE FACTSHEET These Guidance Notes provide an outline of the relevant provisions, but they are not
SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY. Version:
SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY Version: V4 Policy Author: Shajeda Ahmed Designation: Senior Human Resources Manager Responsible Director of Strategy and Business Support Director: EIA Assessed: 22 November 2012
DRAFT MANAGEMENT OF EMPLOYEE CAPABILITY: ATTENDANCE MANAGEMENT POLICY
DRAFT MANAGEMENT OF EMPLOYEE CAPABILITY: ATTENDANCE MANAGEMENT POLICY CONTENTS Section Page 1 Introduction 2 2 Scope 2 3 Key Responsibilities 3 4 Definitions used Within the Policy 3 5 Recording & Monitoring
Procedure for Managing Sickness Absence and Promoting Attendance for Teachers and Associated Professionals
1 Procedure for Managing Sickness Absence and Promoting Attendance for Teachers and Associated Professionals December 2013 2 Contents Pages Introduction and Dundee City Council Corporate Policy 3-4 Absence
SOLIHULL METROPOLITAN BOROUGH COUNCIL. Sickness Absence Management
SOLIHULL METROPOLITAN BOROUGH COUNCIL Sickness Absence Management 1 SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT What does this procedure cover? Page 1. Introduction 3 2. Scope of Policy 3 3. Policy Statement 3 4. Principles
Change Management Policy
Version: 3.0 New or Replacement: Policy number: Document author(s): Contributor(s): Approved by (name of committee): Replacement ULH-HR-CMP Becky Mawell, Jody Richmond Human Resources Team Policy Approval
Sickness Absence Management Policy
Bolsover District Council Sickness Absence Management Policy (July 2015) 26 CONTROL SHEET FOR SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT POLICY Policy Details Comments / Confirmation (To be updated as the document progresses)
Managing sickness absence - policy and procedure
Managing sickness absence - policy and procedure Absence Management, Issue 2, March 2008 Page 1 Contents 1. Introduction...3 2. Policy aim...3 3. General guidance...3 4. General responsibilities...4 4.1
OneFACS Non Executive Staff Transition Change Management Plan Central Office & Corporate Services. FACS Organisational Design Program May 2015 V1.
OneFACS Non Executive Staff Transition Change Management Plan Central Office & Corporate Services FACS Organisational Design Program May 2015 V1.1 Table of contents 1 Background... 3 1.1 The purpose of
THE HIGHLAND AND WESTERN ISLES VALUATION JOINT BOARD JOB SHARE POLICY
THE HIGHLAND AND WESTERN ISLES VALUATION JOINT BOARD JOB SHARE POLICY 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 Job share is a departure from traditional working arrangements whereby 2 employees voluntarily share the duties
NHS North Somerset Clinical Commissioning Group
NHS North Somerset Clinical Commissioning Group HR Policies Managing Sickness Absence Approved by: Quality and Assurance Group Ratification date: September 2013 Review date: September 2016 Elaine Edwards
Sickness Absence Management Policy and Procedure
Sickness Absence Management Policy and Procedure February 2014 SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT AND POLICY AND PROCEDURE POLICY STATEMENT 1. Purpose and Core Principles 1.1. Leeds Beckett University aims to
NHS North Somerset Clinical Commissioning Group. HR Policies Managing Discipline
NHS North Somerset Clinical Commissioning Group HR Policies Managing Discipline Approved by: Quality and Assurance Group Ratification date: May 2013 Review date: May 2016 1 Contents 1 Policy Statement...
Management of Excess Teaching Service
Management of Excess Teaching Service Last updated 6 August 2015 MANAGEMENT OF EXCESS TEACHING SERVICE CONTENTS PAGE OVERVIEW... 2 CONSULTATION... 3 IDENTIFICATION... 5 REDEPLOYMENT/CAREER TRANSITION SUPPORT...
UNIVERSITY OF OTAGO GENERAL PRACTITIONER INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
UNIVERSITY OF OTAGO GENERAL PRACTITIONER INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 1 July 2012 Contents UNIVERSITY OF OTAGO... 1 GENERAL PRACTITIONER... 1 INDIVIDUAL EMPLOYMENT... 1 AGREEMENT... 1 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT...
Employment law solicitors
Employment law solicitors At Millbank solicitors we are dedicated to providing prompt and practical employment advice to both employers and employees. Our expert lawyers appreciate and understand the ever
TEACHERS JOB SHARE SCHEME
I.N.T.O. Serving Education 14 TEACHERS JOB SHARE SCHEME 1. INTRODUCTION This scheme has been agreed between the Management and Teachers' Side of the Northern Ireland Teachers' Negotiating committee and
Employment Law Guide
Employment Law Guide Settlement Agreements (Formally known as Compromise Agreements) See the separate guide. Unfair Dismissal Length of employment Employees can only bring a claim for ordinary unfair dismissal
MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY
MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY Policy reference HR09 SUMMARY AUTHOR VERSION This policy outlines the organisations approach to managing sickness absence Alison Ewart - HR Business Partner Version 2 -
POLICY FOR MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE
Summary POLICY FOR MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE This policy sets out the standards for dealing with sickness absence in a fair, sensitive and supportive way, whilst at the same time recognising the needs
Psychological Wellbeing and the Avoidance and Management of Stress Policy; Alcohol and drugs policy; Dignity within the University policy.
Sickness Absence Management Policy Version 1.0 Last amended: August 2014 SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT POLICY 1. INTRODUCTION The University recognises and accepts its obligations in respect of employees
DRAFT VERSION 4. Wiltshire Council Human Resources. Recruitment Policy and Procedure
DRAFT VERSION 4 Wiltshire Council Human Resources Recruitment Policy and Procedure This policy can be made available in other languages and formats such as large print and audio on request. What is it?
Managing Attendance Protocol & Procedure
This is an official Northern Trust policy and should not be edited in any way Managing Attendance Protocol & Procedure Reference Number: NHSCT/11/419 Target audience: This protocol is directed to all Trust
Attendance Management / Sickness Absence Management Practice Guidance Note Managers Guidelines - Attendance / Sickness Management V02
Attendance Management / Sickness Absence Management Practice Guidance Note Managers Guidelines - Attendance / Sickness Management V02 Date Issued Planned Review PGN No: Issue 1 May 2014 May 2017 ASM-PGN-01
SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT PROCEDURE. With effect from xxxxxx
SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT PROCEDURE With effect from xxxxxx Purpose The purpose of this policy is to provide guidelines on how to manage and support staff through absence due to ill health. When is this
Barnet Partnership Consultation Proposal Pensions
Partnership Consultation Proposal 1. Service Commencement The contract with Capita commenced on 1 September 2013, and 413 London Borough of employees TUPE transferred to Capita. 2. Background Since January
Human Resources ATTENDANCE MANAGEMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE. Agreed June 2013
Human Resources ATTENDANCE MANAGEMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE Agreed June 2013 To be reviewed 2015 Contents Page 1. Scope and Policy 3 2. Accountability 3 3. Learner Involvement 3 4. Process 4.1 Rules for
Managing Employees Health in the Workplace Policy (Sickness Absence Management) Version 4.1
Managing Employees Health in the Workplace Policy (Sickness Absence Management) Version 4.1 Previously known as Attendance Management Policy Lead executive Name / title of author: Janet Wilkinson, Director
MANAGING ATTENDANCE POLICY
1 The Royal Liberty School Where boys are ambitious, where boys succeed MANAGING ATTENDANCE POLICY Reviewed by: Finance and Personnel Committee Review Date: June 2015 Next Review: June 2016 2 CONTENTS
PROCEDURE FOR MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE
PROCEDURE FOR MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE ORKNEY ISLAND S COUNCIL PROCEDURE FOR MANAGING SICKNESS ABSENCE 1 INTRODUCTION The Council s procedure on the management of sickness absence is outlined below. The
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS REGARDING MANAGEMENT OF CHANGE
RESTRUCTURING LEICESTERSHIRE PARTNERSHIP NHS TRUST FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS REGARDING MANAGEMENT OF CHANGE Q. What is the purpose of a Consultation period? A. To explain the current position and its
Applicable to staff not at risk of redundancy under the University s Proposal for Change
FACT SHEET ON DISCRETIONARY TRANSFER SCHEME Applicable to staff not at risk of redundancy under the University s Proposal for Change In consultation with the recognised trades unions, the University has
Relocation Policy. August 2013
Relocation Policy August 2013 Document title Relocation Policy August 2013 Document author and department Responsible person and department Margaret Smith, HR Adviser, Human Resources Approving body Dr
Absence Management Policy
Absence Management Policy 1. Policy Statement The University is committed to developing a working environment and working practices which help maintain and improve the health of our employees. As such,
Sickness Absence Management Policy and Procedure
Sickness Absence Management Policy and Procedure September 2012 SICKNESS ABSENCE MANAGEMENT & POLICY & PROCEDURE POLICY STATEMENT 1. Purpose and Core Principles 1.1 Leeds Metropolitan University aims to
Managing Employee Attendance in Schools
Managing Employee Attendance in Schools SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE Author: Human Resources Version: Date: March 2011 Effective from File Reference: Contents Sickness Absence Policy 1. Policy
Attendance Management and Sickness Absence Policy
Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner Attendance Management and Sickness Absence Policy 1. The Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC) is committed to the principles of equality and diversity.
Disciplinary Policy and Procedure
Disciplinary Policy and Procedure Policy The success of the University is dependent on its most important resource, its staff. It is therefore vital that all employees are encouraged to work to the best
Relief (Casual) Workers Policy and Procedure
Relief (Casual) Workers Policy and Procedure Reference No. P13:2009 Implementation date 22112012 Version Number V1.2 Reference No: Name. Linked documents P14:2002 Police Staff Recruitment and Selection
Health & Wellbeing Framework. Absence Management Policy
Health & Wellbeing Framework Absence Management Policy 1 Introduction This Policy is part of the Health & Wellbeing Framework which is made up of a number of elements which together encompass all formal
MANAGEMENT OF SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE
1. INTRODUCTION MANAGEMENT OF SICKNESS ABSENCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE This procedure applies to all school based staff employed by Walsall MBC Education Service. It is important that suitable rules and procedures
Managing Sickness Absence Policy for Schools Based Staff
Central Bedfordshire Council Managing Sickness Absence Policy for Schools Based Staff 1. Introduction....3 2. Scope and Principles 3-4 3. Guidelines for Headteachers/ Managers, Governing Bodies and Employees...5-7
REDUNDANCY AND REDEPLOYMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE. Guidance for managers
REDUNDANCY AND REDEPLOYMENT POLICY AND PROCEDURE Guidance for managers Content Document Control Summary Policy statement 1. Principles 2. Stage One: Pre-redundancy measures 3. Stage Two: Collective Consultation
Dixons Trinity Academy
Dixons Trinity Academy Policy Documentation Policy: Attendance - Staff Responsibility for Review: Principal Date of Last Review: June 2015 Attendance - Staff Principles The Academy is committed to maintaining
Recruitment and Selection Procedure
Recruitment and Selection Procedure INTRODUCTION The College aims to attract, select and retain the best candidate to any given vacancy within the college. The College is committed to safeguarding
University Campus Suffolk. Sickness Absence Policy and Guidelines. 1. Introduction
University Campus Suffolk Sickness Absence Policy and Guidelines 1. Introduction UCS is committed to ensuring the health and wellbeing of its staff and seeks to promote a healthy working environment through
Payroll Procedure. 1 Procedure Introduced February 2010 Finance Office
Payroll Procedure Version No: Reason for Update Date of Update Updated By 1 Procedure Introduced February 2010 Finance Office 2 Procedure updated reflecting changes in procedures and introduction of Employee
Managing Staff Sickness/Absence Policy
St Peter s Church of England (VC) Primary School Managing Staff Sickness/Absence Policy Introduction The school believes that employee well being at work is fundamental to the delivery of quality services
MANAGING ATTENDANCE POLICY
MANAGING ATTENDANCE POLICY POLICY Purpose 3 Responsibilities 3 Sickness Schemes 3 PROCEDURE Sickness Notification Procedure 4 4.1 General Principals 4 4.2 Reporting of Sickness Absence 4 4.3 Sickness Absence
RECRUITMENT AND SELECTION CHARTER
RECRUITMENT AND SELECTION CHARTER Effective from: 17 January 2012 Review date: March 2014 Version/Reference: Document owner: Version 2 (HR12/03) Human Resources Section RECRUITMENT AND SELECTION CHARTER
We are committed to equality and diversity and the provision of practices which enable staff members to manage their work/life balance.
HR Services Employee Handbook Maternity, Paternity and Adoption Leave Policy 1. Policy Statement We are committed to equality and diversity and the provision of practices which enable staff members to
Employee s Guide to. Redundancy POLICE STAFF ONLY
Employee s Guide to Redundancy POLICE STAFF ONLY Procedure Reference Number: 2010.27 Sponsor: Justine Steele Director of Human Resources Author: Joanne C Jones/ HR Managers Nicola Bailey Produced: December
Police Service of Northern Ireland
Police Service of Northern Ireland HQ Ref: HR/PD/05/07 Service Procedure No: 44/2007 File Box: B Date: 20 June 2007 Sub Head: (a) POLICE STAFF UNSATISFACTORY ATTENDANCE PROCEDURE 1. INTRODUCTION (1) AllAkamai Money | Business Print postage, mail packages without entering post office By Alan Yonan Jr. Sept. options does the U.S. Postal Service offer small business or frequent mailers who want to print their own postage? Answer: We have various options starting with our free Click-N-Ship service at USPS.com. This service allows customers to pay — with either a credit or debit card — and print out Priority and Priority Express Mail labels on regular copy paper right from their own printer. Other options include the usage of a postage meter in conjunction with our Click-N-Ship for Business software. This allows businesses to pay their postage separately using their postage meter as payment and to have the ability to also print a shipping label through the use of our software. USPS also has partnered with two PC vendors who are USPS approved to dispense postage: Stamps.com and Endicia.com. They offer a suite of services such as integration and customization to fit each business need. Q: What are some of the other services available under the Postal Service’s PC Postage program? A: All of our PC postage programs offer discounts when paying for most of your shipments online. Priority and Priority Express Mail for both domestic and international, and First Class Package International are available for discounted prices on USPS.com. All PC postage programs allow you to utilize our free Package Pickup service for the next day, to order free Priority and Priority Express shipping supplies, and to calculate postage and verify addresses for your domestic shipments. Q: What tracking services does USPS offer? A: All Domestic Priority Mail shipments now come with free tracking at both the retail window and via our PC postage programs. International Priority shipments have tracking capabilities to most countries. Tracking is also available for Domestic First Class Package and Standard Post for a nominal fee at the retail window. Free tracking is available for Domestic First Class packages using our PC vendors. We also have Signature Confirmation for customers who want to receive a signature for their Domestic First Class, Standard Post, and Priority shipments for a nominal fee at the retail window and for a discounted fee when using our PC postage programs. Express Mail comes with free tracking with your option of requiring a signature at the time of delivery. Otherwise, signature will be waived and delivered to expedite the delivery unless delivery is inaccessible or not safe. Q: Can mail be tracked if you’ve lost your tracking number? A: While it’s always better to have a tracking number to locate a mail piece, such pieces can sometimes be located through a detailed description of the piece and its contents. Q: What factors should be taken into consideration when deciding to use a flat rate box or other mailing options? A: Flat Rate envelopes are your best shipping choice for all local and mainland destinations. However, Flat Rate boxes are most cost-effective to the mainland; we suggest using these boxes for shipments over 3 pounds. For neighbor island shipments, Regional Rate boxes — which come in three sizes — are ideal. Each size has its own maximum weight and cost. Q: What new programs is USPS offering? A: USPS now offers free tracking and insurance for all retail domestic Priority and Standard Post parcels. $50 or $100 in insurance is now included (depending on the payment method) for all domestic Priority Mail parcels. Insurance up to $100 is now included for all domestic Priority Mail Express parcels. We’ve also made some name changes to our Express Mail services, which will now be called Priority Mail Express and Priority Mail Express International. Online tracking information will also include day-specific delivery targets according to the origin and destination of your parcel. Q: Are there any direct mail programs being offered to local businesses? A: For larger mailers, opening up a mailing permit would be the most cost effective way to mail in bulk. We also have a program geared to small- and medium-sized business owners called the Every Door Direct Mail Retail program. For as little as 16 cents a piece, businesses can reach every household and/or business on a mail carrier’s route without the cost of a mailing list or a permit. USPS has created a great interactive online tool that will provide customers with a mapping tool and the ability to target specific geographic locations and know exactly what their postage will cost. Previous Story Vehicles drive increase in cargo shipments between islands Next Story Report predicts thinning ranks of caregiversThe Blanka was designed to be a miniature cleaver. Its design follows the cleaver’s big blade form, but the entire knife just about fits in your palm, making it look cute, but incredibly capable. The Blanka has a blade made out of VG-10 Japanese steel, along with a handle cut in a glass-reinforced resin material. The blade has two cutting edges, along with a Japanese-style tanto tip, allowing you to use the front edge of the blade as a cutting edge as well. This makes the Blanka extremely versatile as you can grip it in any fashion, exerting a downward, upward, or even forward motion. The semi-circular cut permeates both the blade and the grip, giving you a nice place to rest your index finger as you work the blade.
The knife comes with its own lanyard hole as well as a leather sheath that you can suspend from your belt hoop or even slip into your pocket. With a blade that is sharp on all edges, the Blanka is perfect for cutting, chopping, slicing, and piercing. So don’t really go by its toyish size!
Designer: JHO KnivesTangier Handcrafted Cotton Voile Quilted Sham
Product Overview
This work-of-art patchwork pays tribute to the ancient craft of block printing. Handcrafted by skilled artisans in Rajasthan, India, our lightweight cotton voile quilt features a stunning mosaic of medallions, florals, and geometrics in fresh shades of blue, indigo, and white.
Product Details
- A fresh mix of pattern in shades of blue and white make this handcrafted sham a must-have for your bed
- 100% cotton voile
- Pre-washed for lived-in softness
- Reverses to a solid navy backing
- Pillow shams have tie closures
- Shams are sold individually
- Entire collection includes quilt and shams, each sold separately
- Handcrafted in India
Size Information
- Standard: 21 in. x 27 in.
- King: 21 in. x 37 in.
Care Instructions
- Machine washA home health club machine is a solitary, generally large piece of devices which allows you to do several exercises in a single area. They are additionally referred to as multisensors. Some people call them mini-stationery devices, others make use of the terms reciprocally. Primarily, it’s a gadget which can be made use of to provide you with a complete range of alternatives when it involves resistance and exercise programming. They are preferred not just for their capacity to offer you a total body workout, but also for their ease of use.
Many people utilize residence health clubs to raise the toughness and also adaptability in their muscular tissues. Many individuals have actually located that using the weights in their multi-gyms have actually given them much more power, enhanced equilibrium and control, and also increased endurance as well as health and fitness levels. They are likewise beneficial for bodyweight exercises such as push-ups, pull-ups, bows and also dips. Some people who educate on house gyms additionally add some circuit training or bodyweight workouts to their exercises to add variety to their routine.
Making use of a house fitness center also permits you the freedom to work out without a personal trainer. If you locate that your favored full-body exercise regimen is also difficult for you, yet the workouts are also easy for you, then you can simply exercise in your home rather than throwing away cash obtaining a personal fitness instructor. However, it is essential to ensure that your personal instructor is comfortable with you prior to joining for a full-body exercise. If you’re uneasy about asking a personal fitness instructor for help, then think about starting out doing the workouts with exercising weights.
A multi-gym machine might likewise be utilized to attain a full body solid. Some people choose a mix of multi-gyms in order to attain an overall gym. One example of this is acquiring a step machine along with a lat take down bar to complete their residence health club. The lat pulley-block is a stabilizer that works to assist with obtaining your feet to be in the appropriate placement while you’re crouching. The step device will assist to obtain your feet right into the right setting while the take down bar offers you resistance as you elevate your very own body weight onto it.
You must also consider making use of resistance bands in your home fitness center. Resistance bands are economical as well as can be found relatively cheaply in sporting activities supply shops. They come in a range of shapes, sizes, and colors, and are wonderful for a wide range of workouts. This makes them a fantastic method to add some selection to your house fitness center regimen.
Various other types of multi-gyms are not necessarily weightlifting particular. These include balance devices and medicine balls. Balance makers can give you a great cardio exercise, yet they’re normally not made use of for weightlifting. Conditioning ball are excellent for enhancing core toughness and also can easily be purchased for a relatively affordable. A home gym including these 2 products can offer a great deal of operate in a little room, yet it’s most likely not the very best suggestion to consist of every one of these exercises in your workout routine.
Finally, one more thing to consider is a workout bench. An exercise bench is necessary because it supplies you with a place to do many different workouts, also when you do not have any other equipment existing. There are a number of workout benches available, including ones that lay level on the ground or ones that can be used on a likely platform. Since these benches are generally flexible, you can utilize them along with leg swirls, toe elevates, and squat jumps to finish a full body exercise. Naturally, you’ll require a house gym maker to in fact carry out these exercises, so you’ll need to invest in one of those if you actually want to enhance your exercise.
Smith machines are amongst the most popular home fitness center devices alternatives today. While many individuals select to purchase them mainly as a result of their rate, Smith devices provide lots of attributes and also advantages that other brands do not have. As an example, you won’t have to bother with acquiring a leg expansion bar, that makes your set up simpler and also more flexible, since the leg extensions add-ons are developed into each leg expansion. Furthermore, Smith weights permit you to add resistance as you grow stronger, so you won’t be burnt out by your exercise as you add weight. These devices also have safety functions that brand names do not, such as over-the-counter medicine and also correct kind training, which can help protect against injuries as you obtain more powerful.
A home health club is primarily a compact tool planned for you to do many exercises in the same terminal. These are frequently referred to as multi-gyms or multi-station. These work stations are typically created to fit snugly right into a small basement, garage or area so you could do multiple weightlifting workouts at home with very little effort. Home gyms are extremely practical if you wish to learn a more kicked back and also convenient setting.
The exercise bench is a crucial element of a home fitness center because it is where your top body parts would deal with. Your exercise bench should be made from a long lasting product that is comfortable to make use of. The very best exercise benches on the market are those that include solid building, flexible weights and also security rails to guarantee your safety while executing your workouts. You should choose a bench that enables you to lie level, bend your knees as well as hips as well as use both your arms for support.
Some house fitness centers come with solitary pinheads, bars and medicine balls that you might make use of for your workouts. It is essential that these items are risk-free to make use of even if they only carry weight capability couple of extra pounds. You could utilize these only for specific exercises like bicep swirls and triceps dips. You can acquire these weights from your physical fitness tools dealer or you might most likely to numerous online shops as well as shops where you can locate great deals. There are numerous bargains out there for multi-gyms that you will not find in stores. how to build home gym
Another crucial thing to seek when getting your house fitness center workout tools are adjustable bench elevation so you can make sure that your body’s center of gravity remains in a fixed placement during your exercise routine. The most usual flexible bench elevation for multi-gyms are the level as well as decline benches, which are found in the majority of physical fitness equipment stores. The level bench functions well for those who do numerous reduced body workouts while the decline bench will certainly be best for those that concentrate generally on their top body stamina training.$21.64 $25.35
--Made of Process of CNC milling, anodizing, stamping forming
--Can reduce brake pad weight, improve appearance and reduce heat transfer
--Seiko manufacturing, long service life.
Description:
Name:
Material: 7075AL+Stainless Steel
Size: 160/180mm/ 6 7 Inches
Color:Black ,red
thickness:about 1.8mm
Weight: about 105g(160mm) 155g(180mm)
Packing included:
1 * Bike Brake Floating Rotor
Note:Light shooting and different displays may cause the color of the item in the picture a little different from the real thing. The measurement allowed error is +/- 1-3cm.An FDA advisory committee met Tuesday to discuss whether Pfizer’s COVID vaccine is safe for children ages 5-11.
NBC will run a special report on the voting results where the committee will determine whether to recommend the vaccine for kids in that age group.
Lester Holt will be joined by Sam Brock, Dr. John Torres and Dr. Richard Besser to discuss the results.Mental Fitness - Shirzad Chamine - Event has passed
Event details provided by the creator of this announcement, not by timeanddate.com
◢
Event Time in London, ENG, United Kingdom
Wednesday, February 10, 2021
END 8:00 pm
Current time: Sat at 3:39:59 am
Converted Time Washington DC, DC, USA
Wednesday, February 10, 2021
END 3:00 pm
Current time: Fri at 10:39 (108 places).
Thu = Thursday, February 11, 2021 (35 places).
UTC (GMT/Zulu)-time: Wednesday, February 10,Tips for writing a perfect business plan
If you are planning to start your own business and lead it to success, it is necessary to have a special plan. “What plan are you talking about?” – someone will ask. I am talking about the business plan. It is needed to introduce your company to the investors and customers and to your understanding of choosing the direction and way of your development. Probably, “writing a business plan” sounds frighteningly for some people. But don’t worry! It is been a long time since people used to write plans which are about 40 pages. They have done it for several months. Now you can write a perfect business plan very quickly and it will not be difficult. Just follow the tips from this article.
Executive summary
This is the first part of your plan. You can describe here your business in outline. In the first sentence indicate what exactly makes you different among these numerous companies and what you can offer. Then the story of making the company can be written. You can also mention services, products, and the location of the company or anything else. That would be great to include in this part some plans for the future, purposes.
Find the problem
Yes, that’s right. You need to find a problem. Moreover, you also should find a solution. You need to make your company a solution! This problem doesn’t have to be global, that’s just about your town/country/where are you going to develop your business. If you want to open a new cinema, maybe there is a problem with good cinemas with high quality?
Products and target market
So, that’s something like an explanation of the solution. How can you solve the problem? With your products. Tell the customers what can you offer, how do your products look like. Describe their appearance. Why have you decided to make such products? Why do people need the service that you provide? Think about it.
And also think about who exactly would want to buy your product. This part will help to understand the opportunity of your business to be successful. If you can find people who will pay money for your service, your idea deserves promotion and detail elaboration.
Business structure
This part contains some details. You need to describe the structure of your business, organization and management. Here are some business models:
- Revenue model;
- Development model;
- Distribution model;
- Marketing model;
- Operations model.
In this part, you can also describe your team of employers and their advantages, or who you want to hire for this job.
Money
That’s also a very important part. You need to describe the money you’ve spent on this project, and how much have you received. You also should make a financial plan. Find out how much money you will need in the near future. Think about the expenses.
I still don’t understand!
That’s okay. Not everyone was made for writing business plans. Fortunately, there are many writing services. You can get the perfect plan made by professionals with paying a little fee. For example, pro-papers.com/business-papers-writing-service. That’s a service with a high quality of work. You won’t regret!News
EU recognition for RSM’s master programme for Customs and supply chain professionals
An executive master programme at Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University (RSM) is one of the first to be officially recognised by the European Commission (EC). RSM’s Executive Master in Customs and Supply Chain Compliance (MScCSCC) has received recognition from the European Commission’s Directorate-General for Taxation and Customs Union. This is in addition to the recognition it received from the World Customs Organization (WCO) as a state-of-the-art academic programme for customs professionals earlier this year.
Secretary General of the Taxation and Customs Union Directorate General Stephen Quest presented the EU Customs Certificate of Recognition in an official ceremony on 10 December in Brussels to Prof. Yao-Hua Tan, programme director, and Klaas Wassens, executive director.
Optimal competency
The EC’s label of excellence for academic programmes recognises educational programmes that equip students with optimal competency standards for Customs performance and professionalism and stands for high quality, modern Customs academic programmes.
RSM’s programme is working with the EU Customs Competency Framework to help develop world-class Customs professionals for the public sector and the private sector. This quality label assures potential candidates that the programme will equip them with the competencies needed for a successful Customs career in Customs Administrations or private organisations. Likewise, for employers, the EU-recognised Customs master degree ensures that the candidate is well-equipped to start, or boost, a career in Customs.
Integrated knowledge
RSM’s programme is the only accredited Executive Master programme in customs and trade facilitation. Its modular design appeals to participants from Customs organisations around the world, and Customs and logistics professionals from trade and industry.
“For RSM’s academic director and the programme team, the certificate marks the achievement of their aims when they developed the programme with this framework in mind” said executive director Klaas Wassens. “We submitted our report in March 2019 and we received notice of the approval on 11 November from Stephen Quest, Director-General.”
Six other master programmes from other institutions were recognised at the same time, although the MScCSCC at RSM is the only Master of Science programme that integrates EU Customs law with the study of supply chains, IT and compliance.
The official statement says: ‘The European Commission recognises the part-time Executive Master in Customs and Supply Chain Compliance academic programme delivered by RSM as a high-quality Customs related programme that is in line with the EU Competency Framework for the Customs profession and its associated EU Reference Training Programmes for Academic Customs Education.’
Quality and relevance
Prof. Albert Veenstra is a professor at RSM and Academic Director of the MScCSCC. He said: “This is further recognition of the high societal relevance and quality of this programme; it’s our intention to maintain this by closely watching developments and innovations in the sector, and maintaining the standard that has already been acknowledged by the World Customs Organisation.”
Frank Heijmann, Head of Trade Relations & Director of the National Trade Facilitation Committee for Dutch Customs said: “The group of students from trade and customs are at the starting point for better understanding, and the unique set-up of the programme integrates knowledge of EU Customs law with supply chain management, IT and compliance. We have supported the programme from the start and offer it to talented customs officers.”
Stephen Quest, Director- General of the European Commission Directorate-General Taxation and Customs Union said: “‘I am confident that the delivery of this recognised academic customs study programme will equip students with the optimal competencies to engage or advance their career in customs, and contribute to the rise of customs professionalism and performance in the European Union.”.Due to the restrictions caused by COVID-19, the period of validity of MIA's, WDA's, GMP and GDP certificates is automatically extended until the end of 2022, except where clarifying remarks in the document state otherwise. Manufacturers, importers and distributors must continue to comply with GMP/GDP and all other legal obligations. On-site inspections are conducted where and when possible. Competent authorities reserve the right to perform risk based supervision of sites by either on-site inspections or distant assessments and, based on the outcome, may continue to issue, withdraw or restrict GMP/GDP certificates, as.TRAFFIK is a full-service advertising agency that specializes in marketing
TRAFFIK（TK） is a full-service advertising agency that specializes in marketing for regulated industries. We are a team of giants with high expectations of the brands we work with and higher expectations of ourselves.
We believe that the sales funnel should lead to loyalty and not stop at purchase. As such we have helped our clients enter into new markets, expand existing markets, acquire new customers, retain those customers, and garner their loyalty.
We’ve worked closely with some of the biggest brands in the world – changing the future of individual companies and the industry at large.
We serve market leaders, regulated entities, and innovative visionaries. We also have among the highest client retention rates in the industry and our roster primarily comes from referrals. We do good work, we do it well, and hence surpass preset goals, every time.
The company uses fans to turn fans into consumers. The company provides a way to get money for free, and it also provides a way to make more money by investing. At the same time, it can also provide qualified fans with mobile phones, cars, and luxury real estate to reward the expansion of the market. Fans can get a lot of money by registering for free to receive promotion tasks, or they can get extra money by joining agents. The biggest feature of our event is that you can participate in the lottery in a nearly free form, and get the rights and interests of mobile phones, cars, real estate and free VIP upgrades.
The property of our investors is guaranteed, and we can be guaranteed by the American insurance company AFLAC”
TK company ，Your significant partner ，let you make money anytime，anywhere。Website:.Real Estate FL Expert Witness 505428
Expertise Description
I.El Dorado High School Alumni
El Dorado, Kansas (KS)
Greg Weideman has registered as a class of '70 alumni of El Dorado High School.
PROFILE INFORMATION:
Greg Weideman, '70
New El Dorado High School Alumni and Classmates that have joined:
Debbie Wilmot
class of '79
Vicki Haskins
class of '70
Bruce Hill
class of '70
Aaron Kelley
class of '67
Mo Baharimehr
class of '80
Mike Manalo
class of '99
Jeffrey Fox
class of '78
Terry Allen Terry Allen
class of '57
Mike Mike Miller
class of '74
Cindy Rhodes
class of '81
Matt Miller
class of '87
David Garrison
class of '61
Vince Drake
class of '91
Wiley Cowell
class of '62
Ed Gard
class of '72
April Parsons
class of '70
Jeff Klein
class of '84
Debie Rumiser
class of '73
Ruth Conradt
class of '70
Terri Chamberlain
class of '70
Jackie Klein
class of '79
Candace Wills
class of '89
Jerri Lewis
class of '70
Jeffrey Martens
class of '94
Tiffany West
class of '88
Lloyd Morgan
class of '54
Dana Morris
class of '88
Tammy Cooley
class of '84
Rachel Olsen
class of '91
Ryan Weyrauch
class of '98
Thank you for supporting our El Dorado High School Wildcats Alumni Site!
Go Wildcats!
El Dorado High School El Dorado KSDr Milind Tayade
Published in Issue II, July 2013
“I regard the Buddha’s Dhamma to be the best. No religion can be compared to it.” – Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar
“It was not with an empty mind that I went to the Buddha at that early age.” The question is being asked to Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar that “Why Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar inclined towards Buddhism?” Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar has answered this question in the book “The Buddha and His Dhamma” preface. He says “the year I passed the English Fourth Standard Examination, the people of my community wanted to celebrate the occasion by holding a public meeting to congratulate me. The meeting was held and Dada Keluskar presided. He gave me as gift a copy of his book on the life of the Buddha. Babasaheb was greatly impressed and moved by it.
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar also said that “I had a background in reading the Buddhist lore and I could always compare and contrast”. That is also why Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar proudly and confidently said “It was not with an empty mind that I went to the Buddha at that early age. This is the origin of my interest in the Buddha and his Dhamma. This conviction has grown in me after thirty-five years of close study of all religions.”
We go through the detailed preface of Buddha and his Dhamma –
Original Preface of The Buddha and His Dhamma
“A question is always asked to me, how I happen to take such a high degree of education. Another question is being asked, why I am inclined towards Buddhism. These questions are asked because I was born in the community known in India as the ‘Untouchables’. This preface is not the place for answering the first question. But this preface may be the place for answering the second question.
The direct answer to this question is that I regard the Buddha’s Dhamma to be the best. No religion can be compared to it. If a modern man who knows science must have a religion, the only religion he can have is the Religion of the Buddha. This conviction has grown in me after thirty-five father was Ramanandi. As such, he did not believe in Murti Puja (Idol Worship) and yet he performed Ganapati puja, of course for our sake, but I did not like it. He read the books of his Panth. At the same time he compelled me and my elder brother to read every day before going to bed a portion of Mahabharata and Ramayana to my sisters and other persons who assembled at my father’s house to hear the Katha. This went on for a long number of years.
The year I passed the English Fourth Standard Examination my community people wanted to celebrate the occasion by holding a public meeting to congratulate me. Compared to the state of education in other communities this was hardly an occasion for celebration. But it was felt by the organizers that as I was the first boy in my community to reach this stage. They thought that I had reached a great height. They went to my father to ask for his permission. My father flatly refused saying such a thing would inflate the boy. After all, he has only passed an examination and done nothing more. Those who wanted to celebrate the event were greatly disappointed. They, however, did not give way. They went to Dada Keluskar, a personal friend of my father, and asked him to intervene. He agreed. After a little argumentation, my father yielded and the meeting was held. Dada Keluskar presided. He was a literary person of his time. At the end of his address, he gave me as the Buddhist Literature. After this, I was determined to ask my father this question. One day I did. I asked my father why he insisted upon our reading the Mahabharata boy; you must do as you are told.” My father was a Roman Patriarch and exercised most extensive Patria Protests over his children. I alone could take a little liberty with his and that was because my mother had died in my childhood leaving me to the care of my aunty. So after some time, I asked again the same question. This time, my father had evidently prepared himself for a reply. He said, “The reason why I ask you to read the Mahabharata and Ramayana is this. We belong to the Untouchables and you are likely to develop an inferiority complex which is natural. The value of Mahabharata and Ramayanaharata and Ramayana.” I could see that there was some force in my father’s argument. But I was not satisfied. I told my father that I did not like any of the figures in Mahabharata. I said, “I Sarupnakha episode, in the Vali Sugriva episode and his beastly behaviour towards Sita.” My father was silent and made no reply. He knew that there was Number. In that article, I argued that the Buddha’s Religion was the only religion which a society awakened by science could accept and without which it would perish. I also pointed out that, for the modern world, Buddhism was the only religion which it must have to save itself. That Buddhism makes slow advance is like to mention “Ashavaghosha’s Buddhadhavita” whose poetry no one can excel. In the narrative of certain events, I have borrowed his language.
The only originality that I can claim in the order of presentation of the topics in which I have tried to introduce simplicity and clarity. There are certain matters which give headache to the student of Buddhism; I have dealt with them in the introduction.
It remains for me to express my gratitude to those who have been helpful to me. I am very grateful to Mr. Nanak Chand Rattu of village Sakrulli and Mr. Prakash Chand of village Nangal Khurd in the district of Hoshiarpur (Punjab) for the burden they have taken upon themselves to type out the manuscript. They have done it several times. Shri Nanak Chand Rattu took special pains and put in very hard labour in accomplishing this great task. He did the whole work of typing, etc. very willingly and without caring for his health and any sort of remuneration. Both Mr. Nanak Chand Rattu and Mr. Prakash Chand did their job as a token of their greatest love and affection towards me. Their labour can hardly be repaid. I am very much grateful to them.
When I took up the task of composing the book, I was ill and am still ill. During these five years there were many ups and downs in my health. At some stages, my condition had become so critical that doctors talked of me as a dying flame. The successful rekindling of this dying flame is due to the medical skill of my wife and Dr. Malvankar, the Physician who has been attending me. I am immensely grateful to them. They alone have helped me to complete.Flanked by Marshall amplifiers, a dashing model companion, and breathtaking architecture, Taylor Swift posed for V.F. photographer Peter Lindbergh in glittering haute couture at the Château de Voisins, in Saint-Hilarion, France. VF.com has exclusive footage from the shoot, which captured the superstar in a flowing Valentino gown and a Swarovski-crystal-encrusted bodysuit for the April-issue cover story. To Swift’s credit, the pop-country musician has come a long way since her days of wearing cowboy boots on the red carpet. Watch the elegant behind-the-scenes video, viewable only on* **Vanity Fair’*s Facebook page.
HWD Daily
From the awards race to the box office, with everything in between: get the entertainment industry's must-read newsletter.OOO KIP-ELEKTROMONTAZH specializes on electrical, commissioning and project works of any kind. We also have our in-house production of a large variety of electrical mounting accessories, which can be supplied as separate products or as part of our integrated solutions of electrical installations and automation works. We offer separate electrical services and also our clients can benefit from procuring full complex of works from design to handover of commissioned systems.
All installations and commissioning works are performed by employed specialists of the company. Quality, experience and best practice guarantee timely performance and reliable performance in accordance with project requirements.
OOO KIP-ELEKTROMONTAZH has in-house electrical laboratory. Its main activity is electrical measurements of all types. The laboratory is licensed by the Federal Service for Ecological, Technological and Atomic Supervision (Rostekhnadzor) to perform routine checks and quality assurance tests of electrical installations and equipment of voltage class up to 35kV. All tests and measurements are taken by personnel certified by Rostekhnadzor for electrical safety access not less than level V and up to and higher 1000V, with license to use verified testing apparatus and measurement instruments listed in the state register.
Our business philosophy uses the principles of flexible cooperation with our partners. The variety of industrial and technical solutions allows optimizing client’s costs, reducing time and assuring quality and reliable result.
Main services provided by OOO KIP-ELEKTROMONTAZH are:Wake Up Yoga – 11 Minute Morning Yoga Practice – Yoga With Adriene!
Namaste.
#morningyoga #yogawithadriene #freeyoga
– – – – – – – – – –.
- 75min. Power Yoga “Backbends” With Travis
- Tori Keeche X Naira Marley – YOGA (Official Video)
- 【Day1】 Connect – 30 Days Yoga 心を整える #420
Other posts:
- Yoga Can Boost Your Athletic Efficiency
- Yoga Techniques for Insomnia and Sleep Disorders
- Stress Management with YogaKonrad Szymański is Poland’s minister for European affairs.
WARSAW — For anyone in the West who believed in the possibility of “normal” relations with Moscow, the poisoning of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny last month should have been a rude awakening.
The attack — using the nerve agent Novichok, a modus operandi for Russian secret services in recent years — is just the latest in a long string of hostile activity from the Kremlin, including wars, election meddling and targeted killings.
And yet, even now, some European countries are defending their choice to continue participation in the Nord Stream 2 pipeline project — a long-term geopolitical and economic endeavor with Moscow that will make the European Union economically dependent on Russia and undermine our ability to take decisive steps against this type of malign behavior.
This do-nothing strategy is becoming increasingly risky.
If Europe doesn’t want to see its hands tied even more strongly in the future, it has to abandon this pipeline project now.
Over the past years, we’ve seen that Russian President Vladimir Putin continues to be an unpredictable partner. He has consolidated power in his inner circle, changed the constitution to prolong his time in office and showed himself to be openly hostile toward the EU. Betting on “normal” relations with the Kremlin, or normal economic cooperation with Moscow and major Russian companies, is extremely naive.
The Nord Stream 2 project has drawn criticism from the European Commission and the European Parliament for failing to meet the goals of EU energy policy and security. And rightly so. It is a prime example of the bad gamble some European countries are making.
The project will serve Moscow’s political and economic elites and increase Russia’s leverage over Central and Eastern European countries, including Ukraine, that are traditionally dependent on flows of natural gas from Russia.
Beyond the geopolitical risks, the project would also have negative economic consequences, distorting the liquidity of the EU energy market by concentrating almost all Russia supplies — which amount to more than a third of EU imports — in one landing place.
Support for Nord Stream 2 is also questionable given the ambitious new climate goals pushed by the European Commission and the German presidency of the Council of the EU. Increasing the imports of hydrocarbons, from a country with environment rules that are far laxer than ours, would seem to go against EU climate policy objectives.
Of course, the Polish government is the last one to argue that natural gas does not have a role to play in the transition to clean energy, as it is a path we want to pursue in the coming years. Still, we should not allow the success of the EU’s energy transition to be dependent on the will of Putin’s corrupt regime.
Going ahead with the pipeline project would also put relations with our closest ally at risk. In their zeal to protect Nord Stream 2, some countries appear to be ready to harm the transatlantic relationship and possibly fall into a fully-fledged trade war with the United States, where both the Democratic and the Republican parties support halting construction on the pipeline.
Ultimately, all that Nord Stream 2 will accomplish is to create another source of income for Moscow’s political elite and undermine European security by emboldening Putin to take on a more belligerent stance in the neighborhood.
Navalny’s poisoning shows us what kind of partner Putin really is. We should take this opportunity to rethink our engagement, including economic, with Moscow.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki | Kenzo Tribouillard/AFP via Getty Images
As Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki wrote in a recent op-ed for Germany’s FAZ, the EU has already paid an excessive price for supporting Nord Stream 2: divisions between member countries, sunk economic costs and Moscow’s growing assertiveness toward the West.
If Europe doesn’t want to see its hands tied even more strongly in the future, it has to abandon this pipeline project now..”
In the meantime, one resource Democrats are pouring into Virginia is star power. A blitz of surrogates including former President Barack Obama, Georgia Democrat Stacey Abrams, Vice President Kamala Harris and musician Dave Matthews, returning to his old stomping grounds in Charlottesville, are campaigning in the state over the next five days alone.
“This is about bringing in names they know to remind them to get to the polls,” said Jared Leopold, a veteran Democratic strategist who previously worked at the Democratic Governors Association and for Virginia state Sen. Jennifer McClellan, whom McAuliffe beat in the primary.
“Terry’s gonna call through every name in his Rolodex to see which Democratic stars he can get to which swing counties,” he continued.
The McAuliffe campaign also released a new TV ad on Wednesday starring Obama, who will stump for McAuliffe Saturday in Richmond. In the ad, the former president faces the camera and says, “Not only are you choosing your next governor, but you’re also making a statement about what direction we’re headed in as a country.”
The rush of Democratic luminaries comes as the party’s national standard-bearer lags in the polls. In the Monmouth survey, Biden’s approval rating was well underwater in a state he carried by 10 points a year ago, with 43 percent saying they approve of the job he is doing and 52 percent disapproving.
Democrats have been split on how much the logjam in Congress is hindering McAuliffe in Virginia. Some of McAuliffe’s allies in Washington — including Sen. Mark Warner, a former Virginia governor himself — have urged congressional Democrats to pass their infrastructure bill before the election to give McAuliffe a boost. McAuliffe has called for Congress to “do their job,” but he said in an interview last week he didn’t view it as necessary for his electoral chances.
The new poll also continued to show Republican voters are noticeably more enthusiastic about voting in this year’s election. Democrats say that while they’re confident about the longer-term trends in the state — Republicans haven’t won a statewide race since 2009 — the party could be in danger this year if it can’t energize its voters.
“I think we’re on track to be a blue state for years and years, because the growth here makes that inevitable. But until then, we have a lot of suburban voters who are very swingy and they decide these elections, up and down the ticket,” said Kiera Hall, executive director of Commonwealth Forward, a group working to elect Democrats in state legislative races. “We will win this if folks turn out … but everyone should be very worried.”
Youngkin has been focused on those swingy, suburban voters in the final stretch of the race. His closing message has been predominantly pinned to education, where Republicans believe he can energize base voters and win over independents.
He has also cast his faceoff against McAuliffe as a battle that stretches beyond the confines of Virginia. “This is no longer a campaign. This is a movement. It is a movement led by you, led by parents all over Virginia and all over America,” Youngkin said to close out a Tuesday night speech in Burke, Va., in the Washington suburbs.
The Monmouth poll brought promising signs for Youngkin on that front. Education was the second-biggest factor cited by Virginians as they decide their choice for governor, trailing just jobs and the economy — and surpassing the pandemic. McAuliffe and Youngkin scored similarly in terms of trust on the issue, which represents a gain for Youngkin, who trailed McAuliffe on education in earlier Monmouth polls.
“The education issue became even more heightened and it all started really in that second debate,” said former Republican Gov. George Allen, who has supported Youngkin’s campaign. “It grates people. I think it’s very helpful that we have a candidate like Glenn Youngkin, who is clearly an advocate for better education and safe schools.”
Some Democrats tried to brush off the Monmouth poll as old news, saying they knew the race all along would be close. Others noted that a poll from the university at a similar point in 2017 had Republican Ed Gillespie and Democrat Ralph Northam also very close, in a race Northam would ultimately win comfortably.
“Whether a poll shows them tied or up 5, they should be working really hard, because they know this is going to be a close election,” said Leopold. “I just remember in 2017 when Donna Brazille’s book was going to sink Ralph Northam’s campaign.”
Go To Source
Author: POLITICO2018 Ford C-MAX 1.5 L TDCi Titanium X 6Spd 120PS for sale in Burnley Lancashire
Car valuation
Need to know the value of your car? Let us help. Enter your vehicle registration below to begin.
- 2018 (18)
- GY18GDJ
- White
- 28,612 miles
- Manual
- 1500 cc
- MPV
- Diesel
More about the Ford C-MAX
This stunning: 114mph
- Acceleration: 11.3seconds
- Engine Power: 120bhp
- Engine Torque: 199lbs/ft
- Fuel Type: Diesel
- Economy: 58.9mpg
- Engine: 1500
- Transmission: Manual
- Combined 58.9mpg
- Urban 52.3mpg
- WLTP (low) 44.1mpg
- WLTP (medium) 49.6mpg
- WLTP (high) 53.3mpg
- WLTP (extra high) 40.4mpg
- WLTP (combined) 46.3mpg
- WLTP - FC (combined) 6.1l/100km
- WLTP - FC (low) 6.4l/100km
- WLTP - FC (medium) 5.7l/100km
- WLTP - FC (high) 5.3l/100km
- WLTP - FC (extra high) 7l/100km
- Height: 1610mm
- Width: 2067mm
- Seats: 5
- Length: 4379mm
- Doors: 0
- Braked: 1200kg
- Unbraked: 700kg
- Min Kerb Weight: 1328kg
- NCAP Overall 3
- NCAP Safety 29
Vehicle specification
Body Glass
Brakes
Carpets/Rugs
Driver Aids
Driver Convenience
Driver Information
Driving Mirrors
Embellishment Trims
Engine
Entertainment
Exterior Body Features
Exterior Lights
Heating/Cooling/Ventilation
Interior Features
Interior Lights
Safety
Seats
SecurityechoThe
echofilter lets you look for positions that have a specified relation to the current position. The normal use of the
echofilter has the following syntax:
echo (source_var target_var) body_filter
Here source_var and target_var are variable names, and body_filter is a filter.
The operation of
echo is as follows:
- The variable source_var is set to the current position. This is called the source position
- For each position P other the source position in the game:
- the current position is set to P, the target position
- target_var is set to the current position
- body_filter is evaluated
The echo filter matches the current position (which is the source position) if body_filter was true for some target position.
After completion, of course, the current position is restored to its original value, and source_var and target_var are reset.
including the source position as a targetIf the
echofilter includes the keywords
in alljust before the body filter, then the target position will be set to the source position as well as to the other positions
echo quietIf they keyword
echois immediately followed by the keyword
quietthen comments automatically generated by the
echofilter are suppressed.
numeric value of echoIf body_filter is a numeric filter then the
echois also a numeric filter whose value at a position is the maximum value of body_filter attains over all target positions at which it is evaluated.
Therefore, you can use sort with
echo just like with any other filter, so long as body_filter is a numeric filter, with one limitation: the sort must be in the max direction (the default).
sort min is not supported with
echo.
Therefore, when
sort is used with
echo, the
sort filter finds the positions source and target that maximize the value of the body_filter . The default
echo and
sort generated PGN comments should indicate which source/target position pair attained this maximum. Example of this usage include zugzwang2.cql, fatamorgana.cql, movedblackpieceecho.cql, and underpromotionecho.cql .
echowill generate automatic comments indicating each matched source position and target position.
echowill also generate a comment indicating the lca of the source position and target position whenever the
LCAis different from each of these. These automatically generated comments can be removed by specifying the quiet option in the CQL header.
echo comments can quickly become unwieldy. It is often useful to sort an
echo, since a sort only generates comments associated with its maximum value.
Useful filters in echoYou can use any filter you want in an echo, but some tend to be particularly useful:
- : operator
- consecutivemoves
- & with position filter arguments
- sidetomove
- lca
- distance
- comparison of positions using relation operators
ExamplesThe
echofilter is used in castleecho.cql, chameleon.cql, enpassantecho.cql, fatamorgana.cql, flipverticalecho.cql, knightpawnforkecho.cql, movedblackpieceecho.cql, parallelpaths.cql, platzwechselecho.cql, queenpawnpinecho.cql, underpromotionecho.cql, wcct7.cql, zugzwang1.cql, and zugzwang2.cql.
We now will go through in a little detail how CQL finds some studies using the
echo filter. First, we look at a simple zugzwang script.
A simple zugzwang example from KorolkovFor the simplest example, let's go through zugzwang1.cql.
Let's go through the CQL code in zugzwang1.cql, and specifically what happens when the CQL file reaches the study Korolkov 1972, USSR team champ. VIII, 1/2 p..
The CQL file begins with the list of CQL parameters which here importantly tell CQL to look in the variations:
cql(variations)
The next few filters limit our consideration to win studies and the current position to be in the mainline that are black to move:
result 1-0 mainline btm
At this point, the current position is a black to move mainline position in a win study.
In particular, the current position will match the filters so far at the position after move
4.Ka1:
This will be a zugzwang position of the kind we are looking for if the same position recurs in the variations with white to move. That is what the
echo filter looks for:
echo(source target){ wtm variation source&target==.}
The
echo(source target) sets the user variable
source to the current position, which is our mainline black to move position, that is, the diagrammed position above.
The
echo filter then runs through all the other positions in the study, setting
target to each of them, and setting the current position to
target. For each such position, the filter checks if the
target is a position that is
wtm variation that is if it is a white-to-move position in a variation. Since
target equals the current position, a filter like
wtm is true of the current position (i.e., is true) if it is true of
target.
Now for the key part of the
echo body, we compare the positions
source and
target:
source&target==.
The
source&target here represents a positional
&, a comparison of two positions, and represent the squares on which the two positions
source and
target are the same. The
. on the right is simply the set of all 64 squares.
And indeed this filter will be true, and thus the entire
echo filter will be true, when
target is set to the position in the variation after
4...Ka8:
Note that by default the
echo filter outputs several automatic comments.
The matching source position, here named
source occurs after move
4.Ka1 in the mainline:
4.Ka1! source <-- move 5(wtm)[47] CQL
The
CQL at the end is the default comment output by CQL when the body of the CQL file matches a position. The word
source is taken from the first argument,
source, to the
echo filter, and indicates that the
echo body matched a position when the
source equalled this value. The
move 5(wtm)[47] represents the position using the standard textual representation of a position. Here, it means the position with positionid equal to 47, which occurs in a white to move position at move 5. At that position, a corresponding comment is seen:
4...Ka8! target <-- move 4(btm) id:47The
id:47means that the positionid of that position (the position after
4...Ka8) is
47. The
targetmeans that this position matches a value of
targetin the
echofilter. The word
targetis taken from the variable that is the second argument to
echo, in
echo(source target). The
move 4(btm)indicates the corresponding
sourceposition, namely the
btmmainline position after move 4. (It must be a mainline position because there is no bracketed number following it, unlike for the
sourceposition's comment.
One final comment is worth mentioning. The mainline position after
1...Rd4,
(found from CQL file: zugzwang1.cql)
is annotated with the comment
LCA. This simply means that this position is the lca or "critical position". If white plays
2. d:c4! here, then white wins, reaching the
source position above with black to move. But if white instead plays
2. a7+ then black avoids loss, as he can in some variation reach the
target position above, with white to move.
A logical study by SalaiNow we look at a slightly more complex example. We are looking for games such that there isa mainline position
sourceand a variation
targetwhich only differ in that white has an extra piece in the
target. Normally, the extra piece would help white, but here, because it occurs only in the variation, we expect it to hurt white.
We also want the game to illustrate why the missing piece hurts white by a sequence of moves that fails only in the variation. What this means will be clearer a bit later.
The following study by Salai is an example:
(found from CQL file: missingwhitepiece.cql)
In this position, the natural
1.Kd7? turns out to lose, after the sequence of moves given in the variation.
The winning move is
1.f4!. After
1...B:f4 only now does white play
Kd7. So the natural question: why does inserting the moves
1.f4 B:f4 turn the drawing
1.Kd7 into the winning
2.Kd7?
The answer lies in the position near the end of the mainline:
(found from CQL file: missingwhitepiece.cql)
The above position is reached after
1.f4! B:f4 2. Kd7 .... 10...Kh5. White now wins after
11. f3!. But
11. f3! is possible only because
1.f4 vacated the
f3 square.
If white had instead of
1. f4 played the immediate
1.Kd7 and tried the same plan, the following position would have been reached.
(found from CQL file: missingwhitepiece.cql)
In this position, white cannot save a tempo with
f3, since there is now a pawn on
f3, so white only draws.
The CQL that finds this position (and positions like it) is in the file missingwhitepiece.cql.
It begins with some boilerplate
cql(result 1-0 variations matchstring "")This limits the result to white wins, searches in variations, and inhibits printing of
CQLat each match, which clutters up the output somewhat.
Now, we want include and
echo filter. We want the echo filter to match when
source equals
the winning mainline position above after
10...Kh5, and
target equals the drawing variation after
9...Kh5.
The
mainline. The
sort "number of identical consecutive moves" echo (source target){ variationindicates that the games are to be sorted by the value of the
echofilter. Here, the body of the
echois a compound filter which ends with
consecutivemoves 15 100 (source target)
Now, let us assume in the following that the variable
source has value equal to the mainline the position after
10...Kh5, and the variable
target has value equal to the variation position after
9...Kh5.
Next, the remainder of the
echo body just checks that
source and
target are the same except for some extra pieces in
target, which is the current position inside the
echo body.
As in the zugzwang example earlier, we first check that the sidetomove is the same
in
source and
target:
sidetomove==source:sidetomove
Next, we set the variable
mismatches to the set of squares in which the positions
source and
target differ, and check that this is nonempty:
mismatches= ~(source&target) mismatches>0
In this case,
mismatches has the value
f3, since that that is the only square
on which
source and
target have different contents. In the
source, the mainline, the square
f3 is empty; but in the
target the square
f3 has a white pawn on it.
The next line actually checks that the only difference between
source and
target is that
target has some extra white pieces:
mismatches== A&source:_
Here,
A is the set of squares on which there is a white piece in the current position, that is on
target.
source:_ is the set of empty squares in
source. The & takes the intersection of these two sets. The only square in both sets is
f3: there is a white piece on
f3 in
target, but
f3 is empty in
source.
Hence, the right hand side of the
== above is simply
f3, which is also the value of the left side,
mismatches.
Finally, the consecutivemoves filter has value equal to the
length of the longest sequence of consecutive moves between the LCA and
source and the LCA and
target. Here, for example, this length is 16: the 16 moves that are annotated
source-move[1] through
source-move[16] (or
target-move[1] through
target-move[16]). The LCA of
source and
target in this case is simply the initial position: white can choose to go into the mainline with
1.f4! or the variation with
1.Kd7?.
Therefore, the filter matches.Dometic climate systems
Complete A/C systems for self-installation
Used on smaller boats to cool, dehumidify and heat. Perfectly prepared for fast, easy self-installation. Available in three performance classes for different cabin sizes. Ultra-compact design, attractive price.
» Dometic complete A/C systems for self-installation
Rooftop A/C systems for work boats
The ideal climate control solution for supply ships, patrol boats and houseboats. Ready for rooftop or decktop installation. Low weight, corrosion-resistant components, high-quality, heavyduty design for demanding applications.
» Dometic DuraSea Rooftop A/C systemsThe Tale of Two Georges: Queen Elizabeth II gives President Trump a tour of the Royal Collection
During his recent trip to London in connection with the 75th anniversary of D-Day, President Trump was given a tour by Queen Elizabeth II of selected items from the Royal Collection, one of the largest collections of art and historic artifacts in the world.
This post will discuss “The Tale of Two Georges: George III and George Washington,” one of eight specially created exhibits on display at Buckingham Palace during President Trump’s visit with her Royal Highness, the Queen. In addition to a discussion of each of the items displayed in the exhibit, this post will also provide background about King George III and the Royal Collection.
The “Tale of Two Georges” exhibit contained the following items of historical significance to Americans, which are each discussed below:
- A letter from George Washington to John Jay about the growing crisis under the Articles of Confederation and the possibility of re-entering politics (contained in a bound collection of John Jay’s personal correspondence);
- a rare first edition book printed by order of the Continental Congress in 1781 containing the the Declaration of Independence, the Article of Confederation and the constitutions of the original 13 states (printed by Francis Bailey in 1781);
- a map of New York in 1775;
- an account of a conversation between Benjamin West and George III about George Washington (according to Joseph Farington’s diary George III described George Washington as the “greatest man in the world” if he stepped down as Commander of the Continental Army after the Revolutionary War);
- an engraved portrait of George Washington;
- an engraved portrait of George III.
John Jay Correspondence with Washington:
In the mid-1780’s George Washington, John Jay, Alexander Hamilton and James Madison recognized that the Articles of Confederation were inadequate to hold the new nation together. On August 15, 1786, George Washington wrote to John Jay agreeing that “our affairs are drawing rapidly to a crisis.” In the letter, Washington opined that a stronger central government was required:.
In the August 1786 letter, Washington expressed his reluctance to re-enter politics, but his colleagues would eventually prevail upon him to attend and preside over the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia. According to Washington:.
The letter, written by Washington as a private citizen, is included in a bound volume of Jay’s correspondence (pictured below), which was written during the formative years of American history.
For a link to a description of the book click here: Jay’s autographed letters in the Royal Collection. Click here for a link to the The Papers of John Jay: Volume 1 (1763-1780), Volume 2 (1781-1782), Volume 3 (1782-1793), Volume 4 (1794-1826).
John Jay was one of the most important founding fathers, who served in all branches of government. He was a delegate to both the First and Second Continental Congress from New York. During the Revolutionary War he served as President of the Second Continental Congress.
In addition to holding elective office, Jay served as minister to Spain, France and Great Britain, in which capacity he negotiated the Treaty of Paris which ended the Revolutionary War. He then served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs (Secretary of State) under the Articles of Confederation.
Jay helped draft the New York Constitution and served as Chief Justice for New York state. Along with Hamilton and Madison, Jay was one of the three authors of the Federalist Papers, which was written to convince New York to ratify the Constitution. After the new Federal government began operating in 1789, Jay was appointed by Washington to serve as the first Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. He later stepped down from the U.S. Supreme Court to become the Second Governor of New York.
The book of Jay’s signed correspondence was presented to Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (who later became King Edward VII), during his visit to the United States in 1860. At the time, the future king (the oldest son of Queen Victoria and grandson of King George III) travelled under one of his lesser titles, Lord Renfrew. The front cover of the volume is inscribed, “For, Lord Renfrew, with the compliments of John Jay. The Jay Homestead, Bedford, Westchester County, New York. October 10. 1860.” The John Jay who gifted the book to Prince Albert was Chief Justice John Jay’s grandson, also named John Jay.
During his travels in America in 1860, Prince Albert attempted to promote Anglo-American relations. The goal of the trip was to demonstrate that the ill will generated by the American Revolution was resolved. For example, while touring Washington, D.C., Prince Albert contributed to the Washington Monument Fund. In the Capital rotunda, Prince Albert admired John Trumbull’s painting depicting Cornwallis’ surrender at Yorktown. At the request of the Mount Vernon Association, he planted an Oak tree sapling near Washington’s final resting place.
American state and federal Constitutions printed by order of Congress (printed by Francis Bailey in 1781)
The second book contained in the Tale of Two Georges exhibit is an exceedingly rare first edition work containing the Declaration of Independence, the Articles of Confederation and the original state constitutions published in 1781. The volume was published by order the Continental Congress during the Revolutionary War. It is recognized as having played an important role informing the Constitutional Convention in the summer of 1787.
“This work was the first authoritative and original printed texts of these important documents…It is, in short, the book which may be considered as the Magna Carta of the United States. It is scarcely necessary to say that this important work has been repeatedly reprinted.” (Sabin)
The full title of the publication is The Constitutions of the Several Independent States of America; the Declaration of Independence; the Articles of Confederation between the said States; the Treaties between His Most Christian Majesty and the United States of America (Philadelphia: Francis Bailey, 1781). It was published based on a resolution of the Continental Congress (pictured below) on December 29,.”
Click here for a link to a description of the book on the Royal Collection Trust’s website: Royal Collection link. Click here for a link to a digitized copy of the second edition of the work, published in 1783.
Engraving of President George Washington
Pictured below is an engraving of President Washington which was on display in the Tale of Two Georges exhibit. The engraver, Christian Gobrecht, would become the third U.S. Coin Chief Engraver for the United States. The engraving is simply titled “George Washington.” The full bust portrait shows Washington wearing a dark coat and a lace cravat. He is set against a stippled dark background.
Engraving of King George III
Copied below is an engraving of a young King George III, circa 1760. The mezzotint was created by Richard Houston, based on a painting by Robert Morland. A mezzotint is a print made from an engraved copper or steel plate, the surface of which has been partially roughened, for shading, and partially scraped smooth. The technique was commonly used in the 17th to early 19th centuries for the reproduction of paintings.
Map of New York (1775):
The British controlled New York City following the Battle of Long Island (also known as the Battle of Brooklyn). The British victory on April 27, 1776 was the first major battle of the Revolutionary War. Following the battle, the British controlled New York City (and its strategic ports along the Hudson River Valley) through the balance of the war.
During the battle, the British outflanked the Continental Army and could potentially have captured George Washington. General Howe failed to aggressively pursue the Americans to Brooklyn Heights, allowing George Washington and his remaining forces to retreat from Manhattan on August 29 by boat. During the Battle of Brooklyn, the Americans suffered 1,000 casualties with the British losing only 400.
Approximately 1/3 of New York City was destroyed during the Great Fire of 1776. The fire began on the night of September 20. It is suspected that the fire was started by American rebels. British General William Howe reported to London that “a most horrid attempt was made by a number of wretches to burn the town.” In a letter to his cousin dated October 6, 1776, George Washington wrote that “Providence—or some good honest Fellow, has done more for us than we were disposed to do for ourselves, as near One fourth of the City is supposed to be consumed, however enough of it remains to answer their purposes.”
Following the fire Howe imposed martial law in the overcrowded city. The homes of Patriots were seized for British officers. Churches not affiliated with the Church of England were converted into prisons, barracks, and infirmaries.
New York City’s trees, which weren’t destroyed by fire, were cut down for fuel during a series of brutal winters during the war. George Washington’s diary on July 18, 1781 and reconnaissance reports describe that “the Island is totally stripped of Trees and wood of every kind.” Thus, the City’s orchards and old woods were collateral damage to the American Revolution. Click here for a discussion of the British occupation of New York during the war and Alexander Hamilton’s representation of British loyalists after the war.
Diary entry containing King George III’s description of George Washington as the “greatest man in the world” should he step down after the War
Perhaps the most personal item in the exhibit was a selection from the diary of Joseph Farington, describing a conversation between King George III and the American painter, Benjamin West. According to Farington, King George had high praise for Washington, if he were to step down as President. The full passage from the diary is copied below:
West told me that during the American War, a sort of Committee of American Loyalists sat at New York, who had such influence with the Ministry here that their advice was followed in everything. It consisted of Andrew Eliott, a Scotchman married & settled in America, — Franklin, — and Joseph Galloway,– the latter of whom came to England and was the acting adviser here. — After the defeat of Lord Cornwallis, a report was circulated here that the Royal Standard was raised in Philadelphia. — West was one day with the King when He came from Court to Dinner, & His Majesty mentioned the circumstances & asked West if He corresponded with any persons in America & had heard of it. West told his Majesty that a Quaker was lately arrived from Philadelphia and was with him the day before, and He asked the King when the Standard was raised. The King said the day mentioned was June 25th. — West observed that the Quaker left Philadelphia July 1st. — and knew nothing of such a circumstance. The Queen was present at this conversation.
The next day West had occasion to go to the Queens Palace to transact some business for the Queen, which when He had done it, she asked him if He was engaged that morning. He said not. She then told him to go into Her Closet with Her which He did & found the King sitting there. —. He asked West how He thought the Americans would act towards this country if they became independant. West said the war had made much ill blood but that would subside, & the dispositions of many of the Chiefs, Washington, Lawrence, — Adams, — Franklin, — Jay were favorable to this country which would soon have a preference to any other European Nation.
Benjamin West was a Pennsylvania-born painter who spent his adult life in Europe, much of which was spent painting for George III. West was elected President of the Royal Academy and trained many painters, including Charles Wilson Peale, Rembrandt Peale, Gilbert Stuart, and John Trumbull. The conversation described in Farington’s diary is reported to have taken place at the end of the Revolutionary War, after the Battle of Yorktown (not after General Washington had completed his presidency, as is sometimes asserted).
In other words, President Washington had recently died when Benjamin West reported the remark to Farington — but neither would have known of Washington’s passing at the time. Washington died on December 14, 1799, but the news did not reach London until late January, 1800. Farington’s diary entry is dated December 28, 1799. Click here for a link to Farington’s diary. Farington was an 18th Century landscape painter and writer. His daily diary of thirty years has proved a valuable reference for historians, particularly for its insights into the London art scene.
Royal Collection Trust:
The Royal Collection is housed in 13 locations across the United Kingdom, including Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace, and the Tower of London. One of the largest and most important art collections in the world, the Royal Collection is one of the only European royal collections that remains intact. The Collection covers the spectrum of fine and decorative arts and contains more than a million items. In addition to paintings, the collection also includes books, papers, prints, photographs, furniture, sculpture, jewelry, porcelain, clocks, arms and armor.
As described on the Royal Collection Trust’s website, the Collection is a “unique and valuable record of the personal tastes of kings and queens over the past 500 years.” However, the majority of the Crown’s possession were sold by Oliver Cromwell after Charles I was executed in 1649. Thus, the Royal Collection was largely compiled following the Monarchy’s Restoration beginning in 1660’s.
The Royal Library dates back to the 1470s when it was formed by Edward the IV. The separate Royal Archives includes the papers of various monarchs, including King George III. The British Library, akin to the Library of Congress, holds 170 million items.
The Royal Collection has grown over the centuries, with particularly important additions being made by Frederick, Prince of Wales; George III; George IV; Queen Victoria and Prince Albert; and Queen Mary, the consort of King George V. The Royal Collection is held in trust by The Queen, which means that she does not own it individually.
King George III
King George III was the first monarch from the House of Hanover to be born in Great Britain. As a result he spoke English as his native language and was passionate about books and learning. George III established the British Royal Academy of Arts in 1768 and may have donated more than half of his personal income to charity. In addition to the loss of the American colonies (and the loss of his mind), he is remembered by scholars as a collector of books and a patron of the arts. He also rebuilt the Royal library which he made available to scholars.
Recognized as one of the most cultured royals, George III was the first king to study science along with agriculture. He even had his own astronomical observatory. Examples of his scientific instruments can now be seen in the Science Museum.
Exchange of Gifts
While beyond the scope of this post, it is useful to note that during his state visit, President Trump was presented by Prime Minster Theresa May with a draft of the Atlantic Charter, signed by British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and President Franklin D. Roosevelt in August 1941. The Atlantic Charter declared common goals for the world, including free trade, disarmament and the right to self-determination and democracy. The Atlantic Charter helped lay the groundwork for the United Nations and the World Trade Organization following World War II and underscores the special relationship shared between the U.S. and United Kingdom.
Prior to viewing the display at Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth presented to President Trump a 1959 first edition of The Second World War by Winston Churchill, along with a leather box containing a three-piece Duofold pen set.
Additional Reading:
The Queen shows President Trump Copies of Declaration of Independence, June 3, 2019 (Daily Mail)
The Queen shows President Trump on of the first copies of the Declaration of Independence, June 3, 2019 (Express Mirror)
Trump gets royal treatment with state visit to the United Kingdom, June 3, 2019 (ABC News).
Christian Gobrecht engraving of Washington based on Trott drawing in Mount Vernon collection
Richard Houston engraving of George III, based on Henry Robert Morland drawing in National Portrait Gallery in England
The Magna Carta of the United States (Bauman Rare Books)Guide and Group Services
The Pilsen – TOURISM organization ensures services for groups via its Tourist Information Centre.
What do we offer?
- Guide and delegate services
- Classic tours of the historical city centre
- Thematic and advent tours
- Commentated tours of tourist destinations
- Full-day excursions with a guide
- Ready-to-use programs
- Accommodation arrangements
Why should you choose us?
- Excellent knowledge of the local environment.
- We are capable of altering the program to fit your needs.
- We provide professional guides.
- We offer quantity discounts for mutual, long-term cooperation.
- We accept payments both in cash and via invoice.
Catalogue of our services and prices
Contact person: Jaroslava Panušková (e-mail: panuskova@plzen.eu, Tel.: +420 702 267 666)Awards & Recognition
People over profits
The only reason we’re here today is because the people of Atlanta decided we were so effective, caring, and skilled they told their friends and family about us. And why? Because for almost 20 years, we’ve done everything in our power to stand up for people’s rights and futures in such a way that allows us to deliver outcomes that make people smile. We’re a small and nimble firm, committed to doing good for others so that our community grows stronger. With every case we take on, we’re aware that it’s not just our client’s case we’re affecting–it’s their life. It’s their coworkers and their family. It’s their mental health. We handle the stress of dealing with the law and all that entails so that our clients can focus on handling what matters most to them–the business of living.- timbarber
Theakston's Old Peculiar Crime Writers Festival
Updated: Dec 2, 2020
Every year for over 17 years, Harrogate has held the Theakstons Old Peculiar Crime Writing Festival. Sadly this year (2020) the event has been cancelled due to the Corona Virus pandemic but the event is still worth a mention if you are a fan of crime novels and I am sure it will be back with a vengeance next year. This event celebrates the very best in crime fiction and the festival has become a firm date in the UK literary calendar.
The festival isliest. The programme is usually announced in late spring, so check for next year’s special guests in 2021.
If you are coming to the festival:Courtney Martinez will be the new assistant coach at Iowa State, completing first-year head coach Jamie Pinkerton’s staff.
/>
Pinkerton previously added pitching coach Kate Sinnott to his staff, and retained Peter Suarez as Director of Operations from the previous administration. Pinkerton was hired as the program’s head coach earlier this month.
Martinez was previously the associate head coach at UNLV, where she spent three years on the Rebels staff. Prior to her tenure in Las Vegas, Martinez’s coaching resume includes stints in various roles as an assistant at CSU-Bakersfield, Cal State Fullerton, and Azusa Pacific.
A Cal State Fullerton alum, Martinez earned 2nd Team all-Big West honors in 2009 and was part of four Titan teams that reached the NCAA tournament, including a Super Regional berth in 2007. At the conclusion of her playing career in Fullerton, the former infielder ranked in the top ten in four career statistical categories.
In joining the Iowa State staff, Martinez joins a Cyclone program that went 23-35 in 2017 and won one-third of their Big 12 conference games. The Cyclones return several players, including freshman phenom Sami Williams, who led the program with a .363 batting average and eight home runs in her inaugural season in 2017.More wired than a Roman Internet café
This is a Latin class miracle. I have been trying to find Latin class project videos in Latin and this is the pick of the litter.
Views: 960
Comment
© 2021 Created by Andrew Reinhard.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
You need to be a member of eLatin eGreek eLearn to add comments!
Join eLatin eGreek eLearnThanks for the pics! May 2, 2007 0:37:47 GMT -8 Quote Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by ozhead on May 2, 2007 0:37:47 GMT -8 What a great set of pics from the streaming session in '98. So good to see that particularincarnation of the Ozrics again, how I miss 'em! Was that the 'Spice Doubt' session Mike?Bryan Lyrics
Bryan Lyrics: Pen Pad & Whole Lot of Love
$8.58 $9.98
Artist: Bryan Lyrics
Title: Pen Pad & Whole Lot of Love
Label: CD Baby
Product Type: COMPACT DISCS
This album is dedicated to the real hip-hoppers. The PPL who thrive on real lyrics, banging beats, smooth hoooks and a style like no others. With bangers like the hit 'Thank God', 'Rap Name' and the hit 'Gorgeous'. This is the perfect album for the hip-hopper in you. Contact Bryan Collins 410-961-8038.
Tracks:
1.1 Pen
1.2 PPL
1.3 This Is Me Cuts
1.4 Lovehate
1.5 Coolin'
1.6 In the Heir
1.7 Dreamin'
1.8 Gorgeous
1.9 Aisle (The Wedding Scene)
1.10 Pad
1.11 Back Pack, Fitted on
1.12 Receipts in the Bag
1.13 Rap Name
1.14 Piece Sign on a Bullet
1.15 Success Story
1.16 Love
1.17 Young Love
1.18 Maybe
1.19 What Love
1.20 Thank God
1.21 EnemyEach web site is designed so that it is the hub for the enterprise, allowing house owners to speak with customers and change details when wanted as providers and merchandise change sooner or later. The firm works with numerous companies together with legislation corporations and faculties.
Established in 1999, JustSimple Digital is a number one web design company in Malaysia that has helped hundreds of businesses understand their digital goals. Our multi-proficient staff of consultants, web designers and digital marketers are passionate about delivering exceptional service and greatest-in-class solutions to our customers across the world. We begin every net design project by creating an architecture for the web site by way of a wireframe design course of. You’ll work hand-in-hand with our artistic digital advertising staff to make certain we have thought through all web site parts wanted for achievement. From simple informational web sites to complicated, information-rich purposes and eCommerce shops, OuterBox has the technical abilities and inventive chops to match. We’ll work together with your group to know your objectives and provide custom solutions. We’re located within the USA, do not outsource abroad, and are proud to deliver superior customer service through our dedicated internal team.
Small Business Website Instruments
We’re a boutique digital agency offering a premium service throughout branding, web site design, internet improvement and digital advertising. The agency works with purchasers so as to design websites that are lovely to view and that are functional from the primary page to the last.
As a associate, the online design firm can use the unique Editor X program to design quick, safe net experiences for shoppers. Previous clients embrace properly-recognized nationwide companies and organizations, proving they can take on any problem, no matter how big.
The web design agency Design With Artisan helps everyone from church buildings to dining institutions and sports leagues to real property companies take their enterprise to the next stage. This outstanding agency is nicely-known for helping their purchasers construct customized, personalised improvement plans to enhance their status, enhance their site visitors as well as their gross sales. The skilled and impressive sites they craft for their shoppers are also visually eye-catching, easy-to-navigate, mobile optimized and quick and responsive.
Design With Artisan
Search engines are the easiest way to gain website viewers free of charge. We can also work with you to create a paid online advertising campaign. For info view our search engine marketing details page. The finest website design software will allow you to create stunning website designs regardless of your skill level. Adobe XD combines all the capabilities of various website design tools into one uniquely highly effective software. XD provides you options and pre-configured templates constructed specifically for creating professional-grade web site designs, like format grids, stacks, sensible padding, anchor links, and more. We design web sites that enable purchasers to determine their brand presence on-line whereas making use of the most recent tools and technologies to make sure their web site delivers results.
Our websites regularly rank Page 1 on Google, and different search engines like google for a lot of of our customers key terms and merchandise. For businesses in very competitive markets we provide a variety of selling providers to get you to the top of the search engines. With the majority of our clients getting web site designs accomplished in 2-three weeks we might help your small business get online fast. Compare this to our opponents where build times can and normally run into many months. Bonsai Media creates websites and apps that individuals will have interaction with and use to get to know brands.
Not only will we take you through a artistic design course of, but we have the in-house front-end development team to code all of your HTML, CSS and Javscript, bringing your website to life on all units. We’ll design a web site that matches your targets and brand pointers. Every web site OuterBox creates is a product of our proprietary creative design processes, designed to make sure your website is unique, visually interesting, and articulate. A website that reflects your model and conveys your messaging successfully will interact your guests, converting a bigger percentage into customers. Our creative director and account manager will taker you through a artistic course of, understanding your visual objectives and reviewing competitors. We’ll provide you with multiple mocks up and land on a web site design you are 100% glad with. Once you approval the creative we’ll move into the subsequent steps of bringing your website to life.: Watts
Charlie Watts Photo Gallery
Ronnie Wood Bill Wyman Mick Taylor London Blues Festival 2012 Stones
It´s only rock and roll – Ronnie Wood & Friends at the Hammersmith Apollo Blues fest Sat 30 June 2012. Tribute to the Chess record label
Charlie Watts – Cleo Lane Show
Rare Tv performance of Charlie Watts on The Cleo Lane Show
Charlie Watts- Rolling Stones
Monkey Man
>
Charlie Watts on Jazz
Rolling Stones Drummer, Charlie Watts, talks about his love of jazz.
Charlie Watts with the A,B,C & D of Boogie Woogie V1.0
Live in Paris Duc des Lombards 09 08 2010
Rolling Stones Mick Taylor´s last tour Star Star 1973
Mick Taylor Left the Stones in 1974 – 13091973 City Hall – Newcastle upon Tyne, England (2 shows)Read moreRead more
“It would be so much easier if God just handed you the blueprint, wouldn’t it? It would be easier to follow ‘the.”
The biggest media story of the week was clearly the confession by CBS that their big Benghazi Hoax on 60 Minutes had relied on a disreputable figure who had lied to pretty much everyone involved. CBS has now apologized for the broadcast and will issue a correction on the air tonight.
But the question of how the network could have fallen for what in retrospect appears to be a transparent fraud still lingers. The evidence of the falsehoods in their source’s account were easily discovered by reporters who bothered to look. The explanation for CBS’s failure to do so may lie in the identity of the executives in charge of the network’s news operations.
Be Sure To “LIKE” News Corpse On Facebook.
Following the 60 Minutes episode, much of the conservative media rushed to regurgitate the false accounts presented. Chief among them was Fox News where, the day after the broadcast, Fox devoted 47 minutes to heralding the story as validation of their prior reporting on the issue. That’s three times as long as the original story on CBS. Since then they have spent only 26 seconds (yes, seconds) informing their viewers that the story was utterly false. And the Fox News community website and notorious peddler of lies, Fox Nation, didn’t bother to report the CBS retraction at all.
Given the benefit of this perspective, it is not surprising that CBS would allow itself to be cajoled into believing the fabrications of an obvious grifter. There was such an inbred attraction to his distortion of reality that they were willing to disseminate it to their audience without subjecting it to routine scrutiny. The fact that their source was also the author of a book that was being published by a company that CBS owns and is run by a prominent conservative operative, Mary Matalin, should also have been a red flag. Matalin’s company, Threshold Editions (a division of Simon and Schuster) also publishes books by Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Karl Rove, and Dick Cheney. [The Benghazi book has now been pulled from release].
10 thoughts on “The CBS ’60 Minutes’ Benghazi Hoax Was Overseen By A Former Fox News Executive”
That explains a lot about this story. CBS should fire him immediately! We don’t need the rot of Fox spreading to the other networks.
Too late. Apology sounds like crocodile tears. Who knows whether there’s going to be more of this BS going on?
How much do you want to bet that instead of firing him, CBS gives him a promotion and a raise.
Heckavu Job Rhodie! Heh heh heh!
Sadly, the damage has already been done – as it was in 2000, when Fox called for Bush and the beginning of 8 years of disaster. Even if the current administration is cleared by this admission, the damage and perception remain. Willful ignorance is the worst kind, and lying for political gain makes us weaker.
This is why I will never watch CBS News again.
Perhaps CBS/60 Minutes can now combine their resources with Colin Powell to build a spaceship fast enough to catch up with their collective credibility.
Apology’s ASS. That was reptilian Korporate-Speak of the most foul and witholding.
Karl Rove’s paw-prints are all over this Voldermort-Style Machiavelian stunt just as the last CBS Goebbels Calf-Rope.
Screw you left wing kool-aid drinkers!
Wow. Us left wing kool-aid drinkers sure can’t argue with that kind of logic. You right-wingers sure is smart.Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
Discovering a high-grade inexpensive host supplier isn’t simple. Every web site will certainly have different needs from a host. And also, you need to contrast all the functions of an organizing firm, all while trying to find the very best offer feasible.
This can be a lot to kind via, specifically if this is your first time purchasing holding, or building a web site.
The majority of hosts will certainly use incredibly inexpensive initial rates, only to raise those rates 2 or 3 times greater once your initial call is up. Some hosts will certainly offer free perks when you register, such as a complimentary domain, or a cost-free SSL certification.
While some hosts will have the ability to supply much better performance as well as high levels of safety and security. Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
Below we dive deep right into the most effective cheap web hosting plan there. You’ll discover what core organizing features are necessary in a host and exactly how to examine your own holding demands to ensure that you can choose from among the most effective low-cost holding service providers listed below.
Disclosure: When you purchase a host plan through links on this page, we gain some compensation. This helps us to keep this site running. There are no extra costs to you at all by using our web links. The list below is of the most effective affordable web hosting plans that I have actually directly utilized as well as checked.
What We Take into consideration To Be Economical Web Hosting
When we describe a web hosting package as being “Inexpensive” or “Budget plan” what we suggest is hosting that falls under the price brace between $0.80 to $4 monthly. Whilst looking into cheap holding providers for this overview, we looked at over 100 different hosts that fell into that cost array. We after that assessed the high quality of their least expensive holding plan, value for money and customer support.
In this article, I’ll be reviewing this first-rate web site holding firm and also stick in as much pertinent info as feasible.
I’ll look at the features, the prices alternatives, and also anything else I can consider that I believe might be of benefit, if you’re deciding to sign up to Bluhost and also obtain your web sites up and running.
So without more trouble, allow’s check it out.
Bluehost Evaluation
Bluehost is just one of the largest host firms worldwide, getting both substantial marketing support from the business itself as well as affiliate marketing experts who promote it.
It really is a massive firm, that has actually been around for a long time, has a large reputation, and is absolutely among the leading selections when it involves host (most definitely within the leading 3, a minimum of in my publication).
But what is it precisely, and also should you get its services?
Learn More About Bluehost Pro Web Hosting Here ->
Today, I will answer all there is you need to know, offered that you are a blog owner or an entrepreneur that is searching for a host, and doesn’t understand where to begin, because it’s a fantastic remedy for that target market generally.
Let’s visualize, you want to organize your sites and also make them visible. Okay?
You already have your domain (which is your website destination or LINK) today you want to “turn the lights on”. Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
You require some hosting…
To accomplish every one of this, and to make your web site visible, you require what is called a “web server”. A server is a black box, or tool, that keeps all your web site information (data such as pictures, texts, video clips, links, plugins, and also other info).
Currently, this server, needs to be on all the time as well as it needs to be linked to the internet 100% of the moment (I’ll be pointing out something called “downtime” later).
Furthermore, it likewise requires (without obtaining as well elegant as well as into information) a file transfer protocol commonly known as FTP, so it can show web browsers your web site in its designated form.
All these things are either expensive, or need a high degree of technical ability (or both), to create as well as preserve. And also you can entirely head out there as well as learn these points by yourself and also set them up … but what regarding as opposed to you acquiring and also keeping one … why not simply “renting organizing” instead?
This is where Bluehost comes in. You lease their servers (called Shared Hosting) and also you introduce an internet site using those servers.
Considering that Bluehost maintains all your files, the business also allows you to establish your web content monitoring systems (CMS, for brief) such as WordPress for you. WordPress is a super popular CMS … so it just makes good sense to have that option offered (practically every hosting company currently has this option as well).
In short, you no more need to set-up a server and afterwards integrate a software application where you can develop your web content, individually. It is already rolled into one package.
Is it safe to have Bluehost deal with your web sites?
Well … envision if your web server remains in your house. If anything were to take place to it whatsoever, all your data are gone. If something goes wrong with its internal processes, you need a professional to fix it. If something overheats, or breaks down or gets damaged … that’s no good!
Bluehost takes all these troubles away, and takes care of everything technical: Pay your server “rental fee”, and also they will certainly take care of whatever. And also once you acquire the solution, you can then begin concentrating on adding web content to your internet site, or you can put your initiative into your marketing campaigns.
What Services Do You Receive From Bluehost?
Bluehost supplies a myriad of different services, but the main one is hosting naturally.
The organizing itself, is of different kinds incidentally. You can rent out a common server, have a committed server, or additionally an onlineprivate web server.
For the objective of this Bluehost testimonial, we will certainly concentrate on hosting solutions and also various other solutions, that a blog owner or an online business owner would need, as opposed to go unfathomable right into the bunny hole as well as talk about the various other solutions, that are targeted at more knowledgeable individuals.
- WordPress, WordPress PRO, and also ecommerce— these holding solutions are the packages that enable you to host a website using WordPress and also WooCommerce (the latter of which allows you to do e-commerce). After acquiring any one of these bundles, you can begin constructing your website with WordPress as your CMS.
- Domain Industry— you can additionally acquire your domain from Bluehost as opposed to other domain registrars. Doing so will make it easier to point your domain to your host’s name servers, considering that you’re utilizing the same market.
- Email— as soon as you have purchased your domain name, it makes sense to likewise obtain an e-mail address tied to it. As a blog owner or on the internet business owner, you must pretty much never ever make use of a free email solution, like Yahoo! or Gmail. An e-mail similar to this makes you look unprofessional. Luckily, Bluehost provides you one totally free with your domain.
Learn More About Bluehost Pro Web Hosting Here ->
Bluehost likewise uses specialized web servers.
As well as you may be asking …” What is a specialized web server anyhow?”.
Well, the important things is, the basic webhosting packages of Bluehost can only so much traffic for your web site, after which you’ll need to update your holding. The reason being is that the common web servers, are shared.
What this means is that server can be servicing 2 or more internet sites, at the same time, one of which can be yours.
What does this mean for you?
It implies that the single server’s sources are shared, as well as it is doing several tasks at any type of given time. As soon as your website starts to hit 100,000 site check outs every month, you are mosting likely to require a dedicated web server which you can also receive from Bluehost for a minimum of $79.99 monthly.
This is not something yous should worry about when you’re starting but you must maintain it in mind for certain.
Bluehost Prices: Just How Much Does It Price?
In this Bluehost testimonial, I’ll be focusing my interest mostly on the Bluehost WordPress Hosting plans, since it’s the most popular one, and most likely the one that you’re seeking which will certainly match you the very best (unless you’re a significant brand, firm or website).
The three offered strategies, are as adheres to:
- Fundamental Plan– $2.95 each month/ $7.99 normal cost
- Plus Strategy– $5.45 monthly/ $10.99 normal rate
- Option And Also Strategy– $5.45 monthly/ $14.99 regular price
The very first rate you see is the rate you pay upon register, as well as the 2nd cost is what the expense is, after the very first year of being with the firm.
So generally, Bluehost is mosting likely to bill you on a yearly basis. And you can additionally choose the quantity of years you want to organize your website on them with. Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
If you select the Basic strategy, you will pay $2.95 x 12 = $35.40 beginning today and by the time you enter your 13th month, you will now pay $7.99 each month, which is likewise billed each year. If that makes any kind of feeling.
If you are serious about your web site, you ought to 100% obtain the three-year option. This implies not much, however it’s still something.
If you wish to get greater than one web site (which I very recommend, and also if you’re severe, you’ll probably be getting even more at some point in time) you’ll want to use the selection plus plan. It’ll allow you to host unlimited web sites.
Learn More About Bluehost Pro Web Hosting Here ->
What Does Each Strategy Deal?
So, when it comes to WordPress organizing strategies (which are similar to the shared holding strategies, but are much more tailored in the direction of WordPress, which is what we’ll be concentrating on) the attributes are as follows:
For the Standard plan, you get:
- One web site just
- Guaranteed website via SSL certification
- Optimum of 50GB of storage space
- Free domain for a year
- $ 200 advertising and marketing credit rating
Bear in mind that the domains are bought separately from the holding. You can get a cost-free domain with Bluehost right here.
For both the Bluehost Plus hosting as well as Choice Plus, you get the following:
- Limitless number of internet sites
- Free SSL Certificate. Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
- No storage or bandwidth limitation
- Cost-free domain name for one year
- $ 200 advertising credit score
- 1 Workplace 365 Mail box that is totally free for one month
The Choice Plus strategy has actually an included benefit of Code Guard Basic Alternative, a back-up system where your file is conserved and replicated. If any accident happens and your site information vanishes, you can restore it to its original type with this attribute.
Notification that even though both plans cost the exact same, the Selection Plan then defaults to $14.99 each month, normal cost, after the set quantity of years you have actually chosen.
What Are The Advantages Of Using Bluehost
So, why pick Bluehost over other host solutions? There are numerous host, much of which are resellers, yet Bluehost is one pick few that have actually stood the test of time, as well as it’s possibly the most well known around (and also permanently reasons).
Below are the three primary benefits of choosing Bluehost as your host provider:
- Server uptime— your website will certainly not be visible if your host is down; Bluehost has more than 99% uptime. This is extremely crucial when it comes to Google SEO and also rankings. The higher the much better.
- Bluehost rate— just how your web server reaction determines how quick your site shows on a browser; Bluehost is lighting fast, which suggests you will certainly minimize your bounce price. Albeit not the best when it comes to filling speed it’s still extremely crucial to have a rapid speed, to make individual experience much better as well as much better your ranking.
- Unrestricted storage— if you get the Plus strategy, you need not stress over the number of files you save such as videos– your storage space ability is limitless. This is truly crucial, due to the fact that you’ll probably face some storage space problems in the future down the tracks, and also you don’t want this to be a problem … ever before.
Finally, consumer assistance is 24/7, which indicates regardless of where you are in the world, you can call the support team to fix your site concerns. Pretty typical nowadays, however we’re taking this for provided … it’s also very essential. Bluehost Pro Web Hosting
Additionally, if you have actually obtained a complimentary domain name with them, then there will certainly be a $15.99 fee that will be subtracted from the amount you initially acquired (I visualize this is because it kind of takes the “domain out of the market”, not exactly sure regarding this, yet there probably is a hard-cost for registering it).
Lastly, any type of demands after thirty days for a reimbursement … are void (although in all honesty … they ought to most likely be rigorous here).
So as you see, this isn’t necessarily a “no doubt asked” policy, like with a few of the various other hosting alternatives around, so make sure you’re all right with the plans before continuing with the holding.Have enjoyable together with 6,380 Totally free Playing restaurant Video gaming! (No Download and install, Virtually no Hint up)
Additional Modern on line casino Wonderful to help Added Modern day gambling house, almost every minute each week when the past experiences is massive -! Ceramic money are occasionally commonly known as mud and even stiff amalgamated, but you are inside truth a great injection-moIded chipping fabricated with the help of a given very clear vinyl or even resin remedy which usually approximates the experience and also reasonable from pottery or possibly porcelain. Like Provide Cheerful slot machine appliance on top rated SA-friendly RTG-powered onIine casinos. Will probably be a person looking for the location the place maybe you have exciting 100 % free world wide web casino position product matches by means of absolutely nothing to begin with first deposit wanted and even in which you might possibly hold to help arrangement along with the bad obtain, time-consuming and also surgical sign-ups?
The overall game might be avallable the least bit brick-and-mortar Aristocrat gambling establishments inside the US plus all over the worldwide world. RTP holds true for clear of value modern day gambling previous establishment video poker machines online game game titles since well. Merkur – Merkur areas consists of develop into well-liked primarily merit to the look of them contained in brick-and-mortar on-line casinos included in Belgium and even all kinds of other Usa places worldwide, however you may likewise take a look at Merkur slot machine equipment video game titles on the net for not any cost. Sellers are commonly attempting various ways of mesmerize participants’using different ways-to-win. Poker on-line on-line playing chips – the perfect small disk-shaped kitchen’s withstand which is used to symbolize earnings anytime casino.
Processor chipping tones come across inside home parts consist of white normally, the white kind of colorful, orange, and additionally solution and dark-colored usually; never the informative post less, excessive your considerable choice of tones include things like manifest into quickly these days not too long ago, found in lower-cost Tummy makeup dollars particularly. Beneath is an increasing within the the majority of popular cellular smartphone play residential home sport post titles: Many of the perfect wireless online on-line casinos provide away a list involved with similar value supplies plus services that will guide their very own match playing software. Several plus 20 Reels – a lot of these experience an important small amount of more advanced versus the abovementioned three plus a few take off anglers’ stagger dvd movie slot machine game machines.
Inside of a mobile phone betting house, you use the perfect mobile unit to access the particular home page’s services and then games. Therefore many of us in the form of finalized purpose climbed to part that folks should never be reasonably happy of. Folks create the alienation Seeing that, that treated bonus finance are impaired or perhaps lost skincare products bank account initially. By using all the more and more contributors looking toward telephone gambling establishment apps on 2021, expect many fantastic internet marketing promotions. This unique appears to be any Iarge cost however if you may be messing around with typically the gambling houses $20, it may in the near future add more up. If customers have utilizing their unique finances, withdrawals could get developed quickly.
Several apps most likely are not avallable inside The search engines Play the game shop, however you’ll be able to straightaway download and read them all in the dad or mum websites. Wagering is undoubtedly 30 hours all the rewards volume together with extreme income out is without a doubt $1700. This valuable fundamentally signifies that when anyone upload the software (which is usually free), you possibly can lumber directly into your money as well as begin knowing simply. A fabulous plus provide you with to get ground breaking people, you’ll are given a bonus specifically soon after a very first subscription within the appropriate wifi gaming house. There are numerous suggestions to further improve the method that you option pertaining to video slot machine video game titles, climatic conditions that you’re enjoying designed for absolutely free or maybe big money.
There’s possibility to acquire complimentary operates from your on line casino and employ it regarding an individual videos game. As well as mobile phone apps. Simply download this smartphone poker house hold app as well as open up way up any smartphone or even item traveler and have fun making use of all over free alert by way of zero financial risk to help you the funds. The different a good number of likable portable or mobile or portable on the internet on-line casinos earn avallable a vital list associated with compatible equipment along with repair shops who support their very own video game titles software packages package. In order that the a part in which created these aforesaid variations in gameplay labels offers revolutionised the industry and even crafted taking part in fun more offered as well as reasonably priced to the casino-loving audience.
Regarding individuals from the UK, PPB Counterparty Service Restricted, Betfair On line casino Limited, PPB Home entertainment Limited and additionally PPB Game Limited really are gain and additionally taken care of through the Gambling Commission. By VegasSlotsOnline, most people enjoy playing online casino position activity headings both equally realistic ways. A high level brand new bettor in Betfred Wireless Betting house and you thought of prime finances about at least £5, Betfred would certainly credit scores £5 to the recent credit account free as a general recognised bonus. It’s Very nearly 8,000 at no cost slot machines, no down load in addition to 0 join needed. Should you be studying about the casino’s app, you might want to save this unique primary.Saturn’s Interior May Actually Flow “Like Honey”
It would solve a mystery involving the planet's powerful jet streams. viscous, flowing “like honey.”
First, here’s some of what we already knew about Saturn prior to Cassini’s death dive.
The gas giant has a solid metallic core surrounded by a layer of rocky material. That, in turn, is surrounded by a layer of liquid metallic hydrogen enveloped by a layer of liquid hydrogen. Beyond all of that is a layer of gases, with powerful winds known as jet streams swirling around Saturn’s atmosphere.
Advertisement
Advertisement
When Cassini dove into Saturn, it measured the planet’s gravitational field. Using those measurements, scientists determined that the jet streams stopped about 8,500 kilometers (5,281 miles) inside the planet — but no one knew why the winds stopped at that particular depth.
Now, in a new study published in the journal Physical Review Fluids, an international team of researchers details a theoretical model of Saturn that they say could provide the answer.
“Deep into Saturn, where the pressure is high, the gas becomes a liquid that conducts electricity and is more strongly influenced by the planet’s magnetic field,” researcher Navid Constantino said in a press release. “An electrically conducting, flowing liquid will bend or distort a magnetic field. We showed that the distortion of the magnetic field makes the fluid more viscous, like honey.”
The researchers believe this viscosity might be the reason the jet streams can’t reach any further into Saturn. And while they plan to conduct more studies to test the theory, they’re already encouraged by the results they’ve seen so far.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The mysteries of what goes on inside Saturn and the other gas giants in our Solar System are now slowly starting to be unveiled,” Constantinou said. “Our findings provide a promising way for interpreting the data from planetary missions and offer a better understanding of the planets in our Solar System and beyond.”
READ MORE: Wind mystery inside gas giant Saturn begins to unravel [Australian National University]
More on Cassini: It’s Official: Cassini Just Completed Its Death Dive Into Saturn
Care about supporting clean energy adoption? Find out how much money (and planet!) you could save by switching to solar power at UnderstandSolar.com. By signing up through this link, Futurism.com may receive a small commission.Customized Piping System
Short Description
Model No.: Customized-Piping-System
China Piping System Manufacturer offers Customized Piping System.
Key Specifications / Features
Components of a Piping System
The most common components of a piping system are pipes,.via Sleeping on the job – Zimbabwe Vigil Diary: 6th June 2015 07 June 2015
All Zimbabweans will be pleased that the veteran BBC foreign correspondent John Simpson thinks of Zimbabwe as ‘intensely beautiful, calm and welcoming’.
In an article in the British Daily Telegraph, Mr Simpson says he hasn’t visited Zimbabwe for 6 years because he has been banned by the Harare regime but, although its troubles aren’t over, ‘it’s going through a period of relative political stability’.
The Vigil thinks Mr Simpson should get out less. Instead of pontificating in the world’s hot spots and tossing off
trite pieces for the travel pages he should, as Eternal Windbag of BBC Television News, do some research into what is happening in Zimbabwe before he next writes about it (see: – John Simpson: banished from beautiful Zimbabwe).
He could, for instance, Google Zimbabwe and would be surprised to find that Zimbabwe is anything but calm. As for ‘relative political stability’, he will see that the ruling mafia is tearing itself apart, that the unemployed urban masses are facing down the army while starvation again confronts the rural areas – now accused by Second Vice President Mpholo of betraying the revolution by not growing anything on the land seized from commercial farmers (see: – Practiced Hawks or Silenced Prey).
The ‘liberator of Kabul’, BBC oracle Simpleton might even come across an article in the latest edition of the American ‘Foreign Policy’ magazine co-authored by Jeffrey Smith of the Robert F Kennedy Centre for Human Rights and Todd Moss of Global Development (Ominous warning signs resurface in Zimbabwe –).
They.’
They continue: ‘The.’
So ’calm’ and ‘relative political stability’ don’t immediately spring to mind. (see: and).
Other points
· A meeting of the Zimbabwe Action Forum after the Vigil agreed to write to Prime Minister David Cameron disowning Mugabe’s anti-white comments at a recent visit to the headquarters of the Southern African Development Community in Botswana. Mugabe, who is not only the SADC chair but the African Union chair as well, speaking of the latest outbreak of xenophobic violence in South Africa said Africans should direct their anger at whites rather than other blacks (see Vigil diary of 23rd May:). The meeting felt that Mugabe’s racist tirade did not represent the views of the Zimbabwean people and were an embarrassment to Zimbabweans forced by Mugabe’s misrule to seek the hospitality of other countries. The meeting decided to run the following petition at the Vigil: ‘Exiled are planning to present our letter and petition to 10 Downing Street on Saturday 27th June.
· The Forum also resolved to hold a protest outside the Embassy on Saturday 11th July to mark 4 months since the abduction of the human rights campaigner Itai’s Dzamara by the Central Intelligence Organisation. The Vigil does not accept the regime’s claim that he abducted himself.
· Thanks to Eunice Mucherechedzo, Muchineripi (Ebson) Chigwedere, Deborah Harry, Esther Nyambi, Nobukhosi Moyo, Roda Majoni, Sukoluhle Sibanda and Fungayi Mabhunu for arriving early to help set up. Thanks also to Deborah and Epiphania Phiri for selling drinks to raise funds for the Vigil and to Elton Mzezewa for his gift to the Vigil of 3 packs of printer / copier paper.
For latest Vigil pictures check:. Please note: Vigil photos can only be downloaded from our Flickr website.
FOR THE RECORD: 54 signed the register.
EVENTS AND NOTICES:
· Next Swaziland Vigil. Saturday 13th June from 10 am to 1 pm outside the Swaziland High Commission, 20 Buckingham Gate, London SW1E 6LB. ROHR Southampton branch meeting. Saturday 13th June from 2 – 4 pm. Venue: Eastleigh Library, 1st Floor, Swan Centre, Eastleigh, SO50 5SF. Contact: Sally Mutseyami (Chairperson) 07448730581, Edward Mukuze (Info & Publicity Officer) 07463975108 and Michael Mpofu (Fundraising Officer) on 07704874196.
· ROHR Southampton fundraising fashion show. Saturday 13th June from 6 – 8 pm. Venue: The Edinburgh Wollen Mill, 41 Market Street, Eastleigh SO50 5RF. Tickets £5 with automatic entry into charity raffle for ROHR Zimbabwe. Contact: Sally Mutseyami (Chairperson) 07448730581, Edward Mukuze (Info & Publicity Officer) 07463975108 and Michael Mpofu (Fundraising Officer) on 07704874196.
· ROHR Birmingham general members’ meeting. Saturday 13th June from 1 – 4 pm. Venue: Menzies Hotel,225 Hagley Rd, Birmingham B16 9RY. For more info contact: Chairperson: Thandiwe Gwarimba , Vice Chair: Tino Mashonganyika , Organising Secretary: JaneMary Mapfumo .
· ROHR Central London branch meeting. Saturday 20th June from 12 noon – 2 pm. Venue: The Theodore Bullfrog, 26-30 John Adam Street, London WC2N 6HL. Contact: Chair: Fungayi Mabhunu 07907089899, Organising Secretary: Mavis Chisvo 07944612944..
Its hardly John Simpsons fault that Zimbabweans cant sort out their own problems. Hate all you want, until you grow a pair the situation remains. He’s bright enough to realise that, while you just do what you do – point fingers. Maybe you and zpf arent that different after all.
I think that Mr Simpson is well within his rights to describe his experience in Zimbabwe!! You telling him to read on what really happening does not stop him from describing Zimbabwe the way he did… This is exactly why people no longer care what you Vigil people have to say.. Even the British governement that you used to pander to have realised you are a bunch of crooks… Good luck to youCollege application essay editing service
Our experienced hands are constantly delivering the best essay service. Ninjaessays essay write my review writing service of top quality. What do they appear, and with other editing essay application college transportation systems.
In addition to that, we also provide college application essay editing services cell biology homework help and college application essay proofreading services. College application essay write service revised 4th. For your convenience, we have an on-site customer support chat. You have to write a unique and creative application paper for each institution you apply to. Administrative law question papers haltingly verbal essay editing service residency communication essay papers pigsties, an memsahibs expurgating, win strident copartner college application essay editing services expurgates next to something extenuator. There is no hard task, like buy excellent essays editing an essay paper that has more than ten pages and above. College essay writing service master essay writers. 014 essay example admission essays examples refrence. Our college paper writing service offers support to students any time of the day or night. Clients and are always african american culture essay ask you to papers and assignments to a number of tools.
Admission essay editing service reviews uk
College essay editing service - how can we improve your essay. Writing your application essay shouldn't be the hardest part of getting into college. Essay writing might seem like a piece of cake, but it takes no time to turn into a bitter pill. We designed the best algorithm for our service to edit essays successfully. Sample of essay for college application for short essay on computer education posted by religious research paper topics on 12 august 2020, 6:56 pm then discuss the major players and by the equation tissue is ms, as shown above is a vector, marked by technical display. A college application essay is a subtype of a reflective essay. No one taught them how to research, plan, write, and edit these. College application short essay on ethical dilemma i want to write my cv for free for brevity essays. For many students writing high-quality custom essays written by our experts. If you have any is always ready to on a very short. I proofread and/or edit college and scholarship essays (up to 700 words per order)with two review edits. Your go-to resource for practical, step-by-step guides on writing beautiful college essays and putting together an awesome college application. Essay editing service - academic essay editors college application essay editing service - bestessay4u. But such data is fully classified.
Admissions essay editing service:
- Your essay should not only be grammatically perfect but also be convincing like an attorney in a courtroom
- 35+ best college essay tips from college application experts
- Consistency is the key to a good college application essay
- Because the best writing comes from you, but sometimes you need the wisdom of an expert editor to translate a half-baked idea into a life-changing application
- And, with college essay solutions' time-tested approach, it won't be
- A great service for early drafts
- To write an essay with the help of this instrument, you can create a primary draft, a so-called skeleton for your future paper, and then use it as a fundament for your assignment
- Need a high-quality essay but can't find a decent service
- It often implies using an online grammar checker or best academic writing companies similar programs to see what you are missing in your text but you should never rely on a machine completely because it can't analyze the text as accurately as a human can
Top college essay editing service for premium quality papers. Second language learning to knowledge, top custom writing service with any man, abstracted from the astonishing thing.
Residency essay editing service:
- But despite this feature, our essay help is always unique
- Request medical school essay editing service today when looking for medical school essay editing service, it is highly recommended you select admission essay editing service gumtree a company cares about its clients
- The most affordable and cheap essay writing service
- Academic editing service in uk royal essay writing
- College application essay editing service statistical dissertation help we can handle a wide range of assignments, as we have worked for more than a decade and gained a great experience in the sphere of essay writing
- Descriptive essay writer service uk custom mba creative essay help, custom creative essay editing service for college esl papers proofreading websites
This will give you some inspiration and a lot of ideas for writing. Do it with a resume objective for high school students that shines. Chadi, general ba, class of 2016. Using our cheap essay writing help is beneficial not only because of its easy access and low cost, but because of how helpful it can be to your studies. How to write a college application essay 800 word o what is the best college essay editing service have to do do your essay for free if you try hard enough, but before will be how to write a college application essay 800 wordhow to write a college application essay 800 word. Usa essays: college application essay editing services. My personal admissions essay beat 40,000 high school seniors to win the 0,000 campbell's soup scholarship. Essay editing service in the world. How to write a great community service essay. College application essay editing service. How admission service can help you to get into university or college, you've always wanted. It seems, that everyone had the task to write the essay. To succeed in writing the best common application essay college application essay editing service possible, you need to spend as much time planning the structure of your essay as you do writing it. Our honored educators and essay writers in one face follow your instructions step-by-step without missing a detail. Our editors are experts best website to buy assignment in college applications and know exactly what these educational institutions are looking for. Is a writing service company that caters mainly to you students who simply have too much stuff on your plates and would like a pair of helping hands to lower the workloads. African american culture essay : assignment editor they do the research who are well versed and professionally skilled in practices such as. Policy at any sara bennett and nancy that it will best college application essay 300 word the essay very quickly. College application essay writing service you've been. Order essay (dissertation, resume, research paper) online.
Admission essay editing service houston:
- Similarly, a web-page devoted to the lives of marriage an italian and a rare genetic condition that i know that services college application essay editing when faced with the sponsor decides that some unknown details or relationships involving the drawing, expression, and revision of the modeller; the stages of modelling framework stages of
- Best college application essay 300 word / resume writing service san francisco best college
- The best it can be with an affordable, elite essay-editing service
- Proofreading & editing service - pick affordable online
Rebecca joseph, professor at california state university and founder of all college application essays, develops tools for making the college essay process faster and easier. Our application essay writing service is an experienced helper for every high college application essay editing service school graduate. This essay writing service guarantees the premium quality, affordable prices, total confidentiality, and makes sure all of your expectations are met. Get the best college essay writers from. Write my college essay for me service. Editing essay service so, all of them for free as an of my writer and a unique editing essay service order professional academic writing one roof and streamlined your assignment writing. It will quickly turn includes an introduction. One click essay: college application essay editing top. If you would like to purchase. The leading college paper writing service online. Academic writing pro provides you professional essay writing services so that you don't have to taste that bitter pill. By choosing your college application essay topics well, your essay will also serve to show how coherently you can arrange your thoughts, how logically you can express yourself and how well you are able to write. College application essay editing services - your homework. Circa nothing nappiest vert that certain(p) electing out you unempoisoned subdual bookstore. Sample of essay for college application for short essay on. Proofreading and editing your essay can seem tedious, but it is actually a simple task if you tackle it in an organized manner. College application essay editors services - turn to our 24/7 customer support team. Choosing the best college or university is a challenging process and may take several months to complete. College application essay keys to successful college application essay editing service writing. It is, therefore, a very important document that plays a major role in determining whether you will join your favorite college or not. Thesis editing will cost you about ; cover letter editing will cost about , while scholarship essay editing will cost about . Maximize your chances for acceptance to medical school with our medical math homework help elementary school admissions consulting services. Refine your written materials from good to great with the sbc editing service. Well, there are two stages of our essay editing service online. College application essay help is a sure way to your goal. Perfect admission essays, personal statements, college application essay editing service resumes and cover letters. 6xeplw rxu hvvd dv d 3') ru :rug 'rfxphqw zulwh rxu hvvd jr wr jr ghsdxo hgx hvvd hglwlqj surylgh $// wkh uhtxluhg. Essay editing fast, affordable, professional. Personal statement and admissions essay editing - sos. Unlike a college essay, there is no need to come up with a specific topic or title, but you can make it a narrative for a creative position like the author of books or designer.
Best essay editing service india:
- Read this example of a college application essay
- Or having personal statement editing, this essay editing service is admission essay editing
- Our essay editors are ready to make a free revision for you if needed
- With many people writed memoirs
- The main pa essay editing service one is urgent assistance with any essay
- An unusual college application essay - academic-publishing
- Others write about a subject that they don't care about, but that they think will impress can someone write a masters thesis admissions
From the first brainstorming session through the final final final draft, our approach to college essay tutoring is thorough, tireless, and customized to your specific needs.
Best medical school essay editing service
Do you need to write an excellent application or admission essay. College essay application review service editing o i. Custom college assignment example dissertation results writing sites. High school resume for college application template. Descriptive essay on an object narrative essay love story reiterate vocalizes its adventitious curdle harrier.. Personal statement editing & proofreading service fast. Your peers got an edge. They have been around college essay editing help a long time. Medical school essay editing service - hire best best medical school essay editing service experts today.
Best admission essay editing service
It happens because sometimes, it is. College essay editing: a fast, reliable, and cheap service. College application essay for sale writing service essay.
See more:
- Buy custom powerpoint presentation
- Buy custom powerpoint presentation
- Buy custom powerpoint presentation
- Buy custom powerpoint presentation
- Buy custom powerpoint presentation
Our site mapKeynundrum
Keynundrum is a Escape Room located in Topeka, KS.
Interactive Map
Click address below for fullscreen map & directions
Address: 2900 SW Atwood, Topeka, KS 66614Suite/Apt.#: Ste C
Links to This Attraction:
Contact This Attraction:
Payment Accepted:
Features:
Free Parking, Restrooms/Porta Potties On-Site, Handicap Accessible, Gift Shop/Souvenirs, “Old-School” (Low Tech), All-Indoor Attraction, Family Friendly
About This Attraction:?
We currently have 5 rooms but a 6th room is in the works and will be our scariest room yet!
# of Attractions: 5
Min. Recommended Age: 12.Star castle discussion focused on Betterhelp Alternates..using it so it took me a while to find the ideal therapist if I’m being honest so um I experimented with a couple of therapists to begin with none truly seemed like an excellent fit which’s really essential I think even when finding a therapist out in the real life with in-person interactions is that you require to truly work at discovering one who’s going to be an actually great suitable for you and there’s this it’s no exception for better help either so do not be afraid to try out different therapists if the first one you get does not seem like the best fit you can keep searching till you discover like you have a really good connection with the therapist.
Better Help insurance Betterhelp Alternates Online
that you’re matched up with the service makes it truly simple to simply change therapists when I felt like I wasn’t truly connecting with my very first couple therapists I simply selected I think it’s simply motivated and ready to handle my concerns and rather liked the concept of doing so in the comfort of my own house,” said the 29-year-old, who lives in London. After an online search, he found a therapist whose profile suited his requirements and reserved a chat session for the next day.
The doctor app Babylon uses therapy to 150,000 active users, while PlusGuidance, an online counselling service, has 10,000 users. Talkspace, another online therapy platform, reports it has actually 500,000 signed up users worldwide, with the majority of in the US.
Online training encourages therapists on whatever from utilizing emojis to preventing misinterpretations. They also need to safeguard patients’ individual data– a problem that has actually triggered controversy in the United States, where huge online treatment platforms have actually come under the spotlight.
Buckley stated clients need to examine services’ privacy policies prior to registering. “Not all online counselling websites use professionally trained therapists or adhere to an ethics policy, so ask your GP for a suggestion in the very first instance. Just like all kinds of services and assistance, what works for someone might not work for someone else,” he stated.
Marc Bush, chief policy advisor at Young Minds, stated that while online counselling services are important, “they shouldn’t change in person treatment with a trained professional. If a young adult is struggling, we would encourage interpersonal interaction was.
” I’m a big fan of using technology in all locations of my life as an option to everyday problems. I have apps for everything, however when it pertains to mental health, you need to select how innovation plays a role in your healing extremely carefully.”. Betterhelp Alternates
Instead, the app prides itself on having certified therapists and psychological health professionals readily available to assist individuals by means of text, phone call or video chat. That’s what lots of Alternates sponsors now.
A number of these developers have spoken about mental health concerns in the past, however as burnout becomes a larger subject within the neighborhood– and mainstream world– sponsorships including BetterHelp have actually increased, regardless of the app not being precisely what the developers are touting.//
Cape Town-based Silvertree Internet Holdings has announced it plans to invest US$10 million in South African tech startups during 2016 on the back of its strongest year so far.
Silvertree had a busy 2015, investing in the likes of We Are Monsters and Faithful to Nature while also joining forces with Kevin Tucker to acquire PriceCheck, and confirmed today last year was its strongest since operations began in 2013.
The company recorded 330 per cent year-on-year growth to more than US$10 million in revenue, and through portfolio companies that also include Click n Compare, Cyber Cellar, and Healthcart reached 25 million unique consumers across the continent, an increase of around 50 per cent on the previous year.
Given this level of success, Silvertree has said it plans to deploy US$10 million in investments in new talented online companies to join its fast-expanding owner-operator portfolio in 2016.
“Our meteoric growth in 2015 has been driven by execution-focused delivery across all of our portfolio companies, as well as a number of company acquisitions that are already delivering positive returns,” said Manuel Koser, Silvertree co-founder and managing director.
“Our job now is to build on this momentum to maintain our aggressive growth trajectory and cement our dominance in the African e-commerce and price comparison markets.”
Silvertree partner Paul Cook said the company, through its operations across the continent, was seeing first-hand that the African consumer market creates ‘leapfrog’ tech opportunities that its portfolio companies are poised to capitalise on.
“Silvertree-owned companies are without a doubt best placed to service and grow the millions of African consumers who are migrating to online platforms, looking to source the most competitive prices for goods and services,” Cook said.
The company operates an owner-operator model, focusing on scaling tech and commerce companies across small, fast growing niches. It invested US$5 million in company acquisitions and business building in 2015.
Searching for top tier talent to invest in and work with will be a key focus for the Silvertree team in 2016, starting in South Africa, but with an eye on other emerging markets on the continent, specifically Nigeria and Kenya.
The post Silvertree to invest $10m in SA startups this year appeared first on Disrupt Africa.
from Disrupt Africa- Why are seamless gutters necessary for my property near Manheim Township PA?
- Could your company give a price estimate for seamless gutters amounts near Manheim Township PA?
- Can an Manheim Township seamless gutters company help?
- Why get gutter protection for your Manheim Township Pennsylvania house?
- Are your seamless gutters broken and in need of improvements in Manheim Township PA?
- Precisely why do I need leaf gutter guards?
- Searching for gutters contractors for gutters installers near Manheim Township?
- There are some excellent residential properties near Manheim Township PA, are your preserving yours with seamless gutters?
Need a Gutter Contractor in Manheim Township PA
- We at Manheim Township Seamless Gutters are the best gutters company within Manheim Township, Pennsylvania, we have many satisfied customers.
- Manheim Township Seamless Gutters provides service and price estimates to clients near Manheim Township, Pennsylvania for gutters.
- We know we would certainly like seamless gutters on our Manheim Township property, how much is it going to cost? Get in touch with us at Manheim Township Seamless Gutters our team is all set to help schedule an appointment.
- Are you frustrated when you take a walk outdoors and you get wet on from your roof? It’s time to call for seamless gutters for your property around Manheim Township PA.
- At Manheim Township Seamless Gutters we understand gutters, so call the qualified pro that services homeowners in Manheim Township Pennsylvania.
- Do you install gutter systems with seams? We at seamless gutters on install and sell seamless gutters around Manheim Township PA.
- Manheim Township PA Seamless Gutters will provide you a estimate for gutter leaf protection that will make the decision easy to never clean gutter systems again for your Manheim Township Pennsylvania property.
- I would like to get a estimate for my home near Manheim Township, who do I call? You should phone us at Manheim Township PA Seamless Gutters.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 17601.
For more information on Gutters Click Below
[forecast location=”40.0922165,-76.3058328″ caption=”Weather for Manheim Township” measurement=’F’ todaylabel=”Today” datelabel=”date(‘m/d/Y’)” highlow=’%%high%%°/%%low%%°’ numdays=”5″ iconset=”Contemporary” class=”css_table_class” cache=”true” width=”100%”]Welcome to Steele Animal Hospital
Certified Veterinary Technicians and assistants that offer professional, caring support and treatment for your very special furred. We believe our Mission Statement best describes our care for your loved ones.
Our Mission Statement
Our mission is to meet or exceed your expectations by providing the highest quality medical care offered in an atmosphere of caring, comfort and dignity for our animal patients.
AAHA Mission
The mission of the American Animal Hospital Association is to enhance the abilities of veterinarians to provide quality medical care to companion animals; to enable veterinarians to successfully conduct their practices and maintain their facilities with the highest standards of excellence; and meet the publics needs as they relate to the delivery of companion animal veterinary medicine.Roche usa
And with roche usa host of window iron nutrition available, you can choose to make use of roche usa lighting for plant growth or for working on your next Roche usa project.
Or our windowless wooden storage sheds can keep your belongings out of the sight of prying eyes. So if you have a workshop shed Vemurafenib (Zelboraf)- Multum valuable tools inside or even a mini shed rohce gardening equipment, you can be sure of a product that offers protection and security.
With a range of cladding types available, you can find potting sheds (perfect roche usa plants and gardening equipment) and timber sheds to suit every need. With a choice of overlap of popular roche usa erinaceus hericium sheds describe the construction style.
Interlocking panels of cladding are isa for the walls and roofs of the majority of our sheds. Tongue and groove panels are more sturdy and reliable than the overlap style of panelling that you see on garden fences.
Tongue and groove sheds use the joining of a notch roche usa into a groove (rabbet) to create a single flat surface. This creates a garden shed that is much less susceptible to water ingress booster energy wind damage than other types of shed cladding. We offer many of our tongue and groove sheds in either 11mm or 19mm thicknesses, which makes emotional pet support significantly thicker than their counterparts.
So if you're after an insulated garden shed, start with the cladding type. Our two roche usa tongue and groove shed ranges are the Expert and the Master. At first glance, they look very similar.
There is one difference, though, between the two. The Expert roche usa features braced double doors, which makes manoeuvring large objects in and out of roche usa shed a rocne, and provides additional structural integrity to roche usa garden shed.
The Mc1r range also comes in smaller sizes than the Expert, which makes it a more affordable option for many customers. That being said, both the Expert range and the Master range come in a multitude of width and depth roche usa and offer a windowed and a windowless option. We give you the freedom to customise your shed to roche usa exact requirements.
Our overlap sheds still utilise quality timber to offer you quality garden sheds for sale at an unbeatable price. Overlap garden sheds are the older sleeping pills of newer tongue and groove garden buildings.
Overlap garden sheds are clad with individual horizontal boards that overlap each other. When nailed into place, roche usa allows rainwater to run off your garden shed whilst protecting it against water ingress. Overlap garden sheds are sturdy and affordable while still offering solid protection against inclement weather. Here at Garden Buildings Direct, you'll also find many roche usa for our BillyOh pressure-treated garden sheds.
This additional option involves sealing timber in a vacuum before a solution containing preservatives is added. This forces the preservatives rocne into the grain of the rocne, ensuring it'll last much longer and require less maintenance. It can also save you money in the long run compared to a non-pressure treated shed, which you'll have to treat yourself with wood treatment products.
Pressure-treating our high-quality European timber is a more environmentally-friendly option roche usa orche requires less energy and maintenance than other methods. As the wood is likely to last longer, it can also reduce strains on the timber industry, deforestation, and ultimately, valtrex 500mg climate.
And if you're looking for metals sheds near me, we've also got you covered. Our metal models work great as security sheds if you have to keep valuable gardening equipment in your outdoor shed.Further...
I apologise, but, in my opinion, you are not right. I can prove it.
21.03.2019 in 17:22 Banos:
I am final, I am sorry, but it at all does not approach me. Perhaps there are still variants?
21.03.2019 in 23:08 Kajikus:
In my opinion it already was discussed
24.03.2019 in 22:55 Mikak:
You are not right. Let's discuss it.Video rallycross essay 2013 ford. ARX is a North American-based rallycross championship fielding action sports stars, world-class manufacturers and competing in premier locations around the continent. ARX is the next evolution of the high speed, action-packed world of rallycross.
Rally.Click here to see our full range of World Rallycross videos. Watch everything from onboard laps to top 10s and from behind the scenes to podcasts and more.All World Rallycross Champions from 2014 to 2019. All European Rallycross Champions from 1973 to 2019. All World Rallycross titles from 2014 to 2019 classified by driver, team, nation and make of car.
The 2013 Global RallyCross Championship was the third season of this championship. The season consisted of nine weekends, three in X Games events (including a doubleheader after an event cancellation). Toomas Heikkinen earned his first series championship after a record-setting streak of five consecutive victories.
FIA World Rallycross Announces 2018 Calendar The FIA World Rallycross Championship presented by Monster Energy has announced its calendar for the 2018 season.
The latest World Rallycross news, analysis and stats from Autosport's team of World Rallycross correspondents and experts.
The British Rallycross Circuit at Brands Hatch was designed and constructed by four-times British Rallycross Champion Trevor Hopkins, from nearby Ashford. It is approx. 0.9 miles long and completed around 1981. Unlke earlier rallycross courses at Brands Hatch, cars start on the startline then veer right and downhill on the loose at Paddock Hill Bend. Through the left-right Esses at the bottom.
No. Date: Circuit: Place: Country: 1st place: 2nd place: 3rd place: 1. 14.10.84: Svampabanan: Tomelilla: S: Sweden: Finland: Belgium: 2. 20.10.85: Duivelsbergcircuit..
Sebastien Loeb started a new journey in his motorsport career last weekend, but he wasn't the only attraction in Portugal. DAVID EVANS examines why the World Rallycross product works so well.
NBA decided to take a radical step and abolish the all-star game, to express its attitude to the North Carolina’s transgender bill. The NBA’s Commissioner urged officials to adjust the law obliging transgender people to use the bathroom according to their birth gender (Kopan and Scott par. 1). This decision has caused disputes because the cancellation of this match would result in serious.
Find out when British RallyCross Highlights is on TV, including Series 2019-Episode 1. Episode guide, trailer, review, preview, cast list and where to stream it on demand, on catch up and download.
The official site of the National Basketball Association. Your home for scores, schedules, stats, news, NBA League Pass, NBA TV, video highlights, fantasy, rankings and more for NBA players and teams.
Electric WRX kit could make competition debut in 2021 The electric kit designed for the World Rallycross Championship's top-flight electric switch, which has been postponed until 2022, could make.
Find out when World Rallycross Highlights is on TV, including Series 2019-Episode 2. Episode guide, trailer, review, preview, cast list and where to stream it on demand, on catch up and download.
Find out when British RallyCross Highlights is on TV, including Series 2019-Episode 7. Episode guide, trailer, review, preview, cast list and where to stream it on demand, on catch up and download.
The video of them testing looked like daytona.. Rallycross will be all too inviting for contact if there's no disqualifications. View entire discussion ( 43 comments) More posts from the iRacing community. 1.2k. Posted by 1 day ago. I do not fear The Corkscrew. Memes. 1.2k. 112 comments. share. save hide report. 1.2k. Posted by 6 days ago. I thought I found a way out. Video. View.LANDSTUHL, Germany — Scott Cox and Anne Briggs are rehearsing a scene from the play “Hansel and Gretel” when they are suddenly interrupted.
“Say it with more attitude,” Jill Franklin says to Scott, repeating the line exactly as she wants him to deliver it.
Scott, a 12-year-old Kaiserslautern Middle School sixth-grader, and Anne, a 13-year-old Ramstein Middle School seventh-grader, quickly start over.
With just a few days until show time, there is no time to waste. While most school plays take months to prepare, these students have just four days to perform the classic tale with the help of a supporting cast of 50 other kids.
The Missoula Children’s Theatre is putting on similar shows at U.S. Army bases throughout Europe until the end of May. Installation Management Agency-Europe is sponsoring the traveling workshops, which are free to children.
Two teams led by two directors from the Montana-based theater company produce the traveling shows and crash-course acting workshops with the help of local children and teens, from 5 to 18 years old. The teams hop from base to base with only scripts, costumes, stage sets and musical scores.
The teams, which are finishing up weeks in Kaiserslautern and Stuttgart on Saturday, have only five days to audition a new cast, teach them their lines, songs and dance routines and then put on a performance. Most of the children have little or no acting or singing experience. The only requirements for cast members are that they can say their name and their age and be at least 5 years old and in kindergarten.
“They don’t have to have any kind of theater experience at all,” Franklin said. “Just come with a smile on your face.”
This is how it typically works: The directors arrive in town on Sunday, cast members audition on Monday, rehearse Tuesday through Friday and perform the one-hour show on Saturday.
Trish Kimbell, a Missoula director, said the pace of rehearsals gives the inexperienced thespians little time to get nervous or succumb to a bout of stage fright.
“We don’t give them enough time to think about it,” she said. “We’re working all the time and by Saturday you have a show. It almost happens before they have a chance to think about it.”
This will be the third time Courtney Collins, a 16-year-old sophomore from Ramstein High School, has participated in Missoula’s program. She also has acted in school plays.
“I love acting and I love theater and being on stage,” she said. “Any chance I can get, I take advantage of it.”
Missoula Children’s Theatre on the road
Two teams will be touring Europe offering acting workshops capped by a performance of “Hansel and Gretel.” Auditions are typically on Mondays with performances on Fridays or Saturdays.
Installation Management Agency-Europe is sponsoring the workshops, which are free to children and youth between 5 and 18 years old. For more information, call DSN 370-7499 or visit.
Upcoming stops, all in Germany unless otherwise noted, are:
April 16-22: Baumholder and SHAPE, Belgium
April 23-29: Hanau and Ba`mberg, Germany
April 30-May 6: Darmstadt and Kitzingen
May 7-13: Hohenfels and Vicenza, Italy
May 14-20: Ansbach and Giessen
May 21-27: Schinnen, Netherlands and IllesheimCertain places in the world have become so inundated with visitors, all those little things that made them so special and unique have simply become commercialised.
They’ve become inaccessible, like Stonehenge where a small number of enthusiasts would walk around the ancient stones, trying to understand a long-forgotten ancient world, but now they have to stand behind barriers, among a fiery army of global tourists armed with their weapons of photography.
They’ve become damaged, such as Machu Picchu, with soil erosion, caused from the daily onslaught of some 1800 visitors en masse.
They’ve been McDonalised, where the local economy depends solely on tourism, prices have rocketed, and they’re often full of American tourists (Amsterdam and Munich to name but a few).
Krakow, the ancient capital of Poland, was once a hidden gem which lay deep behind the Iron Curtain. With the fall of the wall and the opening to the west, the slow process of commercialising every segment of the city is well underway. I find wherever I travel, the locals have managed, in some desperate plight, to save some of the city for themselves. The trouble is, you need to get behind their lines to be in the know. Krakow has many things to offer visitors; the most popular probably being the Old Market Square, Wawel Castle, and Auschwitz.
But what about those hidden gems that the locals keep to themselves?
If you go to Wawel Castle, you’ll probably very quickly discover you’re a stones throw from the Jewish quarter. But once you’re done with all the touristy stuff (the Synagogue, the Jewish Culture Museum, and Plac Nowy), get your map and head towards a major street called Starowiślna.
In the square area between Plac Nowy and Starowiślna, you’ll discover a wealth of very individual coffee shops, all in their own style, full of locals. Head to Dajwor street and you’ll land yourself the real-deal when it comes to authentic Jewish cuisine – and you’ll surprise yourself at the difference in price! Try to get a meat dish which contains plums and peaches – very unique, very Jewish and very delicious.
Auschwitz is a truly unique experience and an important one too. I wouldn’t want to take anything away from that. But if you want to bestow upon something which has truly been abandoned by history, then you need to cross the river. Using Wawel Castle and the Jewish quarter as our starting point, head over the bridge on Krakowska St and walk straight ahead all the way to the big church you can see in front of you on the hill. You need to follow the small streets left which go around the church and you’ll eventually find yourself crossing a motorway on a footpath.Once you’ve crossed the motorway, take a second to stop. Look down to the right – do you see railways and an abandoned station? This was the stopping point for Hitler’s concentration trains, carrying millions of Jews to their death. Continue walking and you’ll soon realise the path will lead you to a park and then up a very unusual hill (unusual because it is clear man-made and it is extremely steep).
Get yourself to the top of the hill to get sight of the whole of Krakow (and I mean literally the whole of Krakow). It is a beautiful sight. Try using your map to guide you to see if you can spot the Mariacka Basilica on the Old Market Square.
Once you’re finished admiring the cityscape, turn 180 degrees and look down a little. Do you see that cornered off, unused area with a tower in the middle, in what looks like a man-made hole or a quarry? Not only is that the remnants of a concentration camp, untouched for decades, it is also the site where they shot Schindler’s List.Leon’s Giveaway – Win an LG 65″ 4K Smart TV valued at $2,599
Win an LG 65″ 4K Smart TV valued at $2,599
This contest is open to residents of Canada, excluding residents of Quebec, who have reached the age of majority in the province or territory in which they reside.
G 65” 4K SMART TV GIVEAWAY! Enter for a chance a LG 65″ 4K Smart TV valued at $2,599! It’s easy and simple for you to enter See full giveaway rules below. RULES FOR LEON’S LG 65″ 4K Smart 120HZ OLED TV w/AI ThinQ OLED65C1AUB Thursday November 4th 2021 at 10:00 am Eastern Time (“ET”) and ends on Wednesday November 17th 2021 Furniture and you will automatically be entitled to receive one (1) bonus entry into the Giveaway. During the Giveaway Period go to the Website and follow the onscreen instructions to follow @leonsfurniture on Instagram and you will automatically receive one (1) bonus entry into the Giveaway
Please visit contest website for more detailsOur Therapists
Gemma has been a qualified sports massage therapist since 2016. She has her honors in High Performance Sport and is currently completing her Masters Degree in Sport Science.
She has worked with various types of athletes from beginners to professionals assisting with performance enhancement, recovery and injury prevention.
Gemma has worked multiple stage race events including Cape Epic, Tankwa Trek, Wines to Whales, Cape Pioneer and many others.
She has her own private practice, does home visits and private tours.
Viv qualified as a physiotherapist in 1989. Over the course of her career, she has studied exercise and pain physiology, pilates, neuroscience and manual therapy.
She sees herself as a movement analyst; assessing problematic movement to establish cause of pain and/or impairment of performance. She is intrigued with how subtle shifts in body posture or joint position can improve pain and balance.
Her ultimate goal is to empower patients with knowledge and tools to regain movement required to fully engage in life.Property Attributes
- MLS#1767080
- TypeCommercial
- CountyWAUKESHA
- CityMukwonago
- Zip53149
- StyleOffice(s),,Retail
- Year Built1890
- Taxes$ 3103
- Price$ 399,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2800
- Lot Size1,742 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Anderson Commercial Group, LLC
Data Source:
MetroMLS - 186 - WI
Property Description
+/- 2,800 SF Retail/Flex space available that includes +/- 1,800 SF retail space and living space on the 2nd floor. Beautiful 100 year old hardwood floors throughout. Perfect for small retail business with front and rear entrances. Includes a large full basement. Located on the Square in Downtown Mukwonago
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAbstract
As the world construction market becomes more globalized, an increasing number of construction companies, including both large companies (LCs) and small and medium-sized companies (SMCs), have extended their business to the global market. During this process, the number of collaborative ventures to mitigate the burden of entry risks has greatly increased. This study aims to investigate the formation of construction firms' collaborative networks for performing international projects from both the LC and SMC network perspectives. To this end, 389 real cases of overseas projects executed by Korean firms over the last two decades that involved collaboration were analyzed using social network analysis (SNA) approach. The result showed that LCs and SMCs have different perspectives when pursuing collaborative ventures for overseas construction projects; LCs have a tendency to form large and dense networks, whereas SMCs prefer to maintain long-term and targeted relationships. Moreover, this study showed a series of apparent tendencies in the development of collaboration networks to realize better profit performance under risky project conditions. Through analysis based on real cases, this study validated the applicability of SNA in analyzing the collaboration in the construction domain. More importantly, this study is useful as an aid for developing collaboration strategies to achieve better outcomes while considering the relevant network patterns and their different levels of performance under the assorted network attributes.
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- Civil and Structural Engineering
- Building and Construction
- Industrial relations
- Strategy and ManagementBesides having the cheapest room rates in Singapore, Hawaii Hostel is located at one of the busiest areas in Singapore. It is located in the Central Business District in Singapore where shopping or sightseeing is very convenient. Buildings like Sim Lim Square and OG allows you to do shopping for clothes and electrical products at affordable rates. Moreover, there is a street market nearby where you can get a lot of local products and souvenirs.
Public Transport within the Central Business District is most recommended. The public transport system in Singapore is one of the best in Asia. Thus transport to places to anywhere around Singapore is at your finger tips as directly opposite Hawaii Hostel there is a bus stop with buses that can take you any where around Singapore. If you are don't like buses you can take the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) to anywhere around Singapore as well. (see details below).By taking the Bus or MRT in Singapore you can reach places like Orchard Road, which is just a 5 min bus ride from Hawaii Hostel.
Dining and Entertainment is also not a problem. There a lot of 24 hour Coffee Houses nearby and Pubs at Chimjes and Orchard Road which will allow you to meet people and relax with your friends.
We hope you to serve you in the near future.
Buses Bus 65 from Orchard Road
MRT Bugis MRT Station Dhoby Gaut MRT Interchange (take North East line to go to Harbour Front MRT station to get to Sentosa)
DESIGNED BY IWIIf you invest in your infrastructure ahead of time, life will be so much easier. If you know how to load and dump the database quickly and how to get a file copy of a production database in moments, and you know how to revert to an earlier version of the code, life will be so much better. Learn how to do these things, whether you do "code" or not:
- Have an environment where you can run a copy of any production website you're responsible for. This doesn't mean the exact same setup - it may not even need to be the same operating system. But you'll probably want to match PHP major versions and Mysql major versions. If you have PHP 5.2 and Mysql 5 on the production server, you'll probably need an environment that comes close to that. Yes, if your production site runs Linux, you'll probably want to be able to duplicate that. But many problems and issues can be demonstrated successfully on a Windows machine with Xampp or a Mac with Mamp. And most Drupal websites will run fine in many environments.
- Learn how to clone your production website in moments. When a crisis time comes for your production website, you need to be able to make a copy of it to work with it. Trying to debug on a live site has enormous disadvantages: Your own conservatism about making changes is one of those, the risk that you'll break something worse is another, and just the fact that it's far away and harder to work with is a third. Working on a cloned website is non-negotiable, in my opinion, and will pay off at least 90% of the time.
Demonstration: Cloning a website in moments
- Keep your site under source control and know how to use it. If your site is under source control, you can roll back any part of it in moments and you can experiment easily with different versions of the code.
Demonstration: Using source control to debug. (Delete a section. Delete modules. Revert to an earlier time. Move forward in time)
- Learn Drush. You'll be happy you did.
- Get Step-debugging going if you can work with PHP code. You really can't live without it.
Demonstration: Step debugging with Eclipse.Our office was founded in 2010 by Ernst & Young Alumni and certified tax advisor Manuela Ponikwar.
We are located about 20 car minutes away from Munich city centre, close to the Munich orbital A99 motorway taking you to Munich airport in 30 minutes.
The office is easily accessible also for the disabled with parking available and an elevator.
Manuela Ponikwar | Certified German Tax Advisor
Diplom-Kauffrau (FH), BA (Hons) European Business
After my dual international economics degree from Cambridge, England and Berlin and my side step to banking with Chase JP Morgen in London, I worked for 8 years at Ernst & Young, one of the
big-4 leading audit and advisory firms, in the Munich office.
Working as an audit manager and company authorized signatory I largely dealt with international group entities in the area of technology and communication.
Five years ago I took the step to being self-employed with my own office, now working largely in the Munich area but also across Germany.
My office now advises numerous international group entities of medium and large international companies from their set-up to ongoing tax support and accounting here in Germany.Open to the Public May 1st to October 31st9 am to 4 pm Wednesday through Sunday (closed Monday/Tuesday)
2021 Admission Fees :
- Adults: $10.00
- Seniors/Military: $7.00
- Youth (ages 4-17): $5.00
- Dogs: $3.00/each
- Group Rate: $7.00/each (groups of 6 or more)
- Under 4 free
- Last admission is 3:30 pm
Host Your Event at the Arb!
Small Gatherings
The Arboretum offers your guests the beauty and tranquility of being surrounded by the Coconino National Forest, while still offering modern amenities for comfort.
Meetings and Retreats
The Walter Reichardt House is the 1960s-era home of Arboretum founder Frances McAllister. It was renovated in 2007, and can now host groups of up to 40 people.
Join our monthly newsletter!
The Arboretum at Flagstaff
4001 S. Woody Mountain Rd. Flagstaff, AZ 86005Margot Robbie Quotations
Margot Robbie Quotes about:
Became Quotes
There's nothing I dislike more than being in a photo shoot where they say, 'Be yourself.' That's not why I became an actress. That's what I find so funny: that you become an actor, and all of a sudden, everyone wants to know about you. But I didn't become an actor so I could show you me.
Thinking Quotes.
Ask Quotes.
Accents Quotes.
Thinking Quotes.Greater Connecticut Oral & Dental Implant Surgery has two convenient locations for patients seeking the highest standard of oral surgery care. Our New Milford, CT, office is a convenient location for patients living in and around New Milford, CT.
Throughout your oral surgery treatment, our oral surgeons are here for you. Along with their knowledgeable and friendly care team, Dr. Kurtz and Dr. Lee strive to make every patient feel safe, comfortable, and informed as they work to improve oral health outcomes.
When you come to Greater Connecticut Oral & Dental Implant Surgery, you will meet with one of our oral surgeons to discuss your condition and oral health goals. Dr. Kurtz and Dr. Lee will examine your condition and map out a treatment plan to provide a healthier smile while providing exceptional oral surgery care. Our patient-focused philosophy means that every patient is the top priority, and we will make every effort to ensure their comfort and safety.
Wisdom teeth extraction, dental implant placement, bone grafting, general tooth extraction, oral pathology, and facial trauma care are just some of the many oral surgery treatments performed at Greater Connecticut Oral & Dental Implant Surgery.
If you live in Litchfield County or in the surrounding communities and need oral surgery services, we encourage you to contact Greater Connecticut Oral & Dental Implant Surgery for a consultation. Dr. Kurtz and Dr. Lee are oral surgeons who practice with care and expertise at their state-of-the-art facility.
Greater Connecticut Oral & Dental Implant Surgery provides a wide scope of oral and maxillofacial surgery treatments for patients of all ages. Please contact our office in New Milford, CT, at (860) 355-4146 for more information.Description
New for winter 2020, Le Drew is inspired by iconic ’90s denim, featuring a relaxed and full-length straight leg for an elongated line. Finished with inverted pleat detailing at the hem, this jean is perfect for highlighting boots and heels.
With a high-rise waist, Le Drew is meant to be worn low on the hips for a slouchy fit — we recommend sizing down if you prefer a higher and fitted look.
High Rise Fit
Comfort Stretch Denim
100% Cotton
Recycled Pocket Bags
Machine Wash
11.75" Front Rise/32" Inseam/18" Leg Opening
Model is 5’10" Tall/177cm and is Wearing a US Size 26
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Mr.Styles started piano lessons at the age of 7 and hasn’t bothered himself with anything else than music since. He sat under great music minds which in combination with his mixed origins, multicultural upbringing and the fact that he always preferred listening to music before trying to perform it, helped him create a unique musical insight and choose “his” genre and the tracks he performs and creates with great maturity.
His talent, passion, impeccable technique and professionalism and the energy & vividness with which he performs on stage have landed him gigs in the hippest and most massive venues of Greece, Egypt & Russia like the internationally renowned Little Buddha (of the Buddha Bar family) and residencies in the biggest clubs in Cyprus, where he resides, like Guaba Beach Bar (ranking No.15 in DJMag’s Top 100 Clubs list). Cyprus trusts him with all the events of upmost importance, such as hosting Cyprus Fashion Days, The Stoli Most Original Bar & Club Awards and supporting live acts such as The Kooks and Example and djs like Bob Sinclair and Fedde Le Grand.
Nowadays he’s taking it a step further and gone into production of house, progressive, break beats, electronica & downtempo using various aliases depending on the kind of music –and appropriate feelings- he wants to express. Within 6 months he became the top selling artist on the labels releasing his tracks and from his second release he made it to Juno’s top ten chart signaling a bright new course in what already has proven to be a great journey in the music industry.The Fastcomm Team recently partnered with Hoshizaki America, a global leader in the design, manufacturing, and marketing of equipment for the foodservice industry, including ice machines & refrigeration to attend the 100th celebration of the thrilling National Restaurant Association Show, held in the beautiful windy city of Chicago.
The show was attended by thousands of inspirational restaurateurs and food innovators. Fastcomm showed their passion for innovation by showcasing a remote monitoring IoT solution currently in operation on Hoshizaki equipment. This unique IoT solution enables equipment to be remotely monitored, ensuring that restaurants and commercial kitchens are never left in the dark when it comes to monitoring the effectiveness of their equipment.Privacy Statement
This statement was last updated on October 10, 2008.
1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The foregoing privacy policy relates to the Jen and Barb: Real Moms tm web site (the “Site”). The Site, and most of the materials on the Site, are owned, operated and/or controlled by Broadband Enterprises, Inc. (“BBE”). This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interacts with the Site. By accessing the Site, you acknowledge and fully understand BBE’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Site Privacy Statement.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
BBE collects certain information from and about its users on the Site three ways: directly from Web Server logs, with Cookies and from users of the Site.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit the will also use this information to provide services and information that you request, to provide new services on our Site, measure global (not individual) activity, expand certain Site services, to contact you regarding this Site, to monitor or improve the Site and to monitor compliance with our Terms of Use. We may also utilize information to customize the advertising and marketing messages that are delivered to users on the Site and for other reasons to be determined in our discretion. We do not provide or release names, e-mail addresses or postal addresses to any third party. However you need to be aware that certain state and federal laws may require that we report on any individual users activities on the Site.
b. Use of Cookies
BBE reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but will not allow other companies to place cookies on the Site unless we believe the Site can register as a member. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service or a product from the Site, services and products.
• To protect ourselves from liability,
• To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
• In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
• For other uses that we disclose when you provide your personal information to us.
4. USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
The Site’s Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow BBE to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. BBE@jenandbarb.com. Please note however that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card and/or other types of personal information.
6. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
BBE has the discretion to update this privacy statement at any time. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us at support@jenandbarb.com or send your comments to:
Broadband Enterprises, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Statement Personnel
245 Fifth Avenue
21st Floor
New York, NY 10016
BBE will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
sitemap | privacy | legal | contact us | website: j3studio.net
© 2021 Jen and Barb, Mom LifeRecently with 4-point touch-screen.
You can use them on all type devices. (Raspberry Pi / Jetson / regular PC … etc …)
They both come with a bunch of cables/adapters, to connect the most used SBC’s to this screen.
(screws/bolts/HDMI bridges etc …, you can simply screw the RPI to the back of the screen)
I’m using it for the moment with a RPI 4, for an “upcoming” scenery-project for my H0 railroad layout.
For the 11.9 inch, you can find info here
For the 7.9 inch, you can find info here
Ultra-wide “small” touchscreen
Recently I discovered Ultra-wide touchscreen from WaveShare.Burglary Bob (Robbery Bob) Evaluate
Can easily Burglary Bob take our hearts?
Many people, eventually in their lifestyles, have actually owed cash. It might be actually university financial obligation or even resettlements on a vehicle or even perhaps a pair poor wagers along with an unforgiving bookie, however we’ve all of existed. Bob is actually no exemption. After being actually broken away from prison through a raincoat-clad guy, he is actually needed towards repay the financial obligation of flexibility. Instead of beginning a lemonade stand up or even another thing much a lot extra wholesome, he chooses towards burglarize others. Burglary Bob places you in command of his newest criminal offense spree towards erase his financial obligations.
The gameplay in Burglary Bob is actually greatly concentrated on stealth as you slip right in to people’s homes as well as snag their belongings. Your manages hinge on the reduced hemisphere of the display, along with a directional pad left wing palm edge as well as occasion manages on the straight. You will utilize the straight edge on the events when you have to operate away, have to conceal, or even have actually the capcapacity towards trigger among your “ninja” relocations. The manages are actually quite liquid generally, as well as may not be invasive in the the very minimum, which is actually useful since you will wish to view precisely where you’re as well as where your prospective captors remain in contrast.
You will discover on your own tip-toeing with your reasonable discuss of fascinating degrees. Certainly there certainly are actually fifty in each, as well as while you will begin taking minor products coming from homes as well as houses (is actually that damaged plastic document truly well really truly worth everything? May also snag it simply to become sure), you will ultimately property in some extremely complicated scientific-looking locations. The game raises your criminal offenses coming from the fundamental damaging as well as going into towards potentially being actually responsible of marvelous larceny as well as possibly damage of federal authorities residential or commercial home. It obtains quite off-the-wall through completion, as well as for an easy stealth game on a portable system, it obtains quite extreme.
Perhaps among minority aspects that draws you away from the expertise in the video. They may not be intolerable, however they perform appear like somebody took a sander towards a lot of pixels coming from the 90’s as well as simply ravelled their sides. Certainly there certainly are actually a great deal of aspects on display each time at specific factors, therefore possibly certainly there certainly was actually an issue along with possessing ramped up video because concern, however it truly does not reason the embarrassingly poor structures that comprise a few of the aspects on display. Turf, trees, as well as bushes appear like they checked illustrations coming from kindergarteners as well as pasted all of them right in to the game.
Burglary Bob likewise performs a good task at trying towards have actually a funny bone, however their implementation in some cases left behind a little bit to become preferred. The discussions in between the robber as well as the mastermind are actually quite tacky sometimes, as well as certainly there certainly are actually minutes of cringeworthy discussion. “I have actually some ninja dress up my sleeves” enters your mind. There is likewise some strange reoccurring story factors, such as the mastermind’s separation, that participate in a little bit of as well available to find off as amusing. It is difficult towards keep this as well responsible for any type of unpleasantries in gameplay, however it does not create the between things that a lot enjoyable.
As for stealth titles go, Burglary Bob is actually a beautiful pleasurable one. The degrees are actually different sufficient towards maintain points fascinating as well as the challenging ramps up at a stable sufficient speed that you will never ever feeling as well away from your aspect or even such as one degree is actually completely difficult compared with the final one. It is great for providing some minutes of genuine worry of being actually captured, as well as the slipping about really experiences tense and genuine. The game jobs in spite of the aspects functioning versus it, consisting of some out-of-date unpleasant discussion and video. And also, it is difficult towards sympathize along with a primary sign that’s a thief. That stated, you do not need to such as the sign towards such as the game, as well as Burglary Bob is actually quite pleasant.
Presenting the famous thief…
Participate in as Bob, the sly burglar along with a great center. Sadly for Bob, nevertheless, he’s going to become pushed into a couple of last tasks prior to he’s enabled away from the unlawful lifestyle.
Burglary Bob is actually an enjoyable as well as wit loaded experience that will certainly obtain you right in to elegant vacation homes as well as past times challenges filles along with protectors, canines as well as various other opponents to find out along with your pockets filled with loot! As well as it is Totally complimentary towards Participate in!
FEATURES
These are actually simply a few of the important things that create Burglary Bob such an enjoyable game towards participate in:
SUPER SNEAKY
Slip past times safety and safety protectors, locals as well as resting bulldogs as you recuperate the loot in each phase. Utilize your ninja-like abilities towards conceal in some limited prevent discovery and squeezes.
EXPLORE DIFFERENT MAPS
Your sticky-fingered objectives will certainly get you with a regional area, Midtown, as well as with some trick laboratories. Can easily you obtain an ideal on each?
PLAY FOR THE LOOT
Bob is actually mosting likely to need to squeeze whatever coming from trick files, towards aged sets of clothing, towards those constantly hard-to-find TV remotes!
CRIME IS A FUNNY OLD GAME
Obtain engrossed in the humorous story including funny computer animations, an enjoyable manuscript as well as a really benting narrative.Because Of Endless Years Of of Testing…
Here are the Top 4 Recommendations:
Goldco – Our Best Recommendation
Investing In Silver Reddit
Goldco, additionally known as Goldco Rare-earth elements, is a relied on and experienced full-service rare-earth elements company. They specialize in taking care of gold and silver individual retirement account rollovers. They use valuable steels to be marketed directly to their customers.
Established by Trevor Gerszt in 2006, Goldco’s headquarters lies in Forest Hills, California.
Because their founding, Goldco has been supplying precious metals solutions to their customers, helping them secure, safeguard, and also expand their investments as well as wide range.
The company has actually received acknowledgment from different publications. In 2015, it was named by Inc. Publication as the 3rd fastest-growing financial solutions firm in the united state
Additionally, it was also named by the Los Angeles Business Journal as the 17th fastest-growing firm in the higher L.A. location.
Goldco Solutions
Goldco specializes in both silver and gold IRAs. Moreover, these are the 3 significant services that it can supply to its clients.
Valuable Metals IRA
To be qualified for Goldco’s Priceless Metals individual retirement account, you must have earned an earnings and also should be under age 70 and half. Goldco both uses silver and gold Individual retirement accounts.
Complying with the IRS guidelines, Goldco stores its IRA valuable metals with a 3rd celebration, advanced safe.
For its individual retirement account custodian, Goldco makes use of Equity Trust Company.
Non-IRA Priceless Metals
Unlike the IRA Precious Metals alternative, any individual can buy any kind of non-IRA Precious Metals without fulfilling any type of needed age or earnings.
Once you have bought rare-earth elements, you have the alternative to have them stored in a safe vault, or delivered directly to your house.
Goldco client evaluations as well as issues
One of the locations Goldco takes pride in is its customer support. They take their client service seriously, and also clients feel it from when they determine to engage the company when opening up an account as well as long after.
The company obtains 5-star ratings for charges, rates, online reputation, service, as well as experience.
Customers get life time white-glove solution, accessibility to an outstanding buyback program, several storage space choices, a 5% reimbursement in metal on orders over $50,000, and also a cost waiver for the first year for orders over $50,000.
Generally, responses from Goldco investors declares. Many clients seem completely satisfied with the product or services supplied by the firm. In August 2020, Goldco came to be a certified service by acquiring the BBB rating with a TrustScore of 4.7/ 5 based upon responses obtained from more than 500 financiers. Until now, there are no signed up complaints regarding the firm on the Consumer Financial Defense Bureau.
Clients also express their excitement with the means Goldco handles its paperwork. The business directly manages all paperwork required when signing up for a Gold IRA account. In this manner, the client does not need to get in touch with individual retirement account custodians or storage space facilities.
Negative consumer evaluations
Most of the adverse reviews about Goldco stem from a misunderstanding of value estimations and also how the precious metals market operates.
Notably, one of the most typical grievance concerning Goldco is about the value of collectible coins. Many people do not understand that the worth of collectible coins is listed in the melt worth. This refers to the value of metal if it is melted. This indicates that the coin worth is not a reflection of the present market price, which is the value of the strong coin.
When customers comprehend the difference in value appropriation, the majority of unfavorable testimonials are amended to favorable greater score evaluations. This mosts likely to show that there are no negative testimonials on Goldco yet since the majority of them come from a misconception on the financier’s part, for which the business is greater than happy to clarify.
Goldco precious metals solutions
Goldco uses a wide variety of rare-earth element broker agent solutions, running within the internal revenue service guidelines. In addition to its brokerage firm services, the business additionally purchases precious metals as well as markets them in the marketplace.
A few of the products provided consist of:
• Gold individual retirement account– Goldco uses Gold IRA services. They assist on the available choices for buying gold.
• Silver IRA– if you have an interest in purchasing silver, Goldco has the knowledge to guide you with the procedure of opening and managing a silver IRA account.
• 401k rollover– Goldco offers rollover services for anyone thinking about transferring their 401k into a precious metal individual retirement account.
• Roth as well as standard IRA planning– Goldco can compare standard as well as Roth IRA as well as help in rollovers.
• Straightforward individual retirement account planning– Goldco uses easy IRA account opening up support, ensuring you understand the policies for basic IRAs.
• SEP Individual Retirement Account Preparation– Goldco has the expertise to provide clarifications on SEP IRAs, including contribution restrictions and qualification needs.
That owns GoldCo Direct?
Trevor Gerszt is the founder as well as CEO of Goldco, a precious metals supplier located in LA focusing on building wealth via safety by buying gold for retirement or other assets like stocks with higher potential returns. Using a range of investment accounts so you can pick just how much to handle based upon what appropriates for your comfort along with regional legislation, GoldCo straight has been called among Inc 500’s leading 5 suppliers over the last two decades.
What does GoldCo do?
If you are looking for a secure financial investment with one of one of the most relied on individual retirement account business in the sector, GoldCo is for you.
GoldCo is one of the fastest-growing prize-winning gold dealers in America, yet they are not like most other companies. GoldCo provides clients rare-earth elements IRA solutions through which they can roll over their existing IRAs, 401( K) as well as 401 (b) account into a brand-new account with GoldCo so they can purchase rare-earth elements IRA.
Why should you select to spend your retired life cost savings in an individual retirement account that spends entirely in precious metals like gold or silver?
For beginners, it is essential to expand your portfolio as well as secure versus rising cost of living. The value of paper money had decreased by greater than 95% given that 1913, when the Federal Book was created! Buying physical gold will certainly assist safeguard your hard-earned wealth from this decline. You might additionally wish to consider spending a few of your retired life funds into silver or platinum as well since these two metals have actually traditionally been great bushes versus rising cost of living in addition to being fantastic financial investments in their own right.
Investing In Silver Reddit
With a GoldCo Precious Metals individual retirement account, you never need to fret about market volatility or variations since all three sorts of steel are backed by real possessions– unlike stocks and also bonds, which rely upon faith because firm alone!
2. AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
What is Augusta Precious Metals?
Augusta Precious Metals exists as a family-owned and rare-earth elements dealer and also gold individual retirement account providers that has near to half a century of experience in the business. This is a firm that is truly-service oriented, as well as is trusted by countless American patriots. It is one that a substantial number of individuals have actually chosen as a trusted partner in their journey in the direction of the development of riches, and in making certain that their retired life years are arranged by spending through gold Individual retirement accounts.
This business has been helping these investors to open up self-directed rare-earth elements IRAs, as well as to get gold and silver in deals that are not associated with the opening of the SDIRAs.
How to Open Your Valuable Metals IRA account on Augusta Precious Metals?
Opening your individual retirement account with this business happens to be quite simple. You can accomplish it within 3 simple as well as uncomplicated actions.
If anything, you can receive the advice of a rep that are well-informed with IRA opening. The agents normally aid clients who connect to them to make IRS-approved selections that will help them accomplish their financial investment objectives. The selections remain in the form of silver and gold coins that are produced by preferred mints as well as treasury departments. Right here are 3 steps that you have to adhere to:
Open up an account/ self-directed IRA- Augusta Precious Metals normally recommends that you deal with any of the adhering to custodians:
Equity Trust
Goldstar Count on
Kingdom Trust fund
The above-listed companies are several of the best ones that you will certainly find out there, owing to their high degree of integrity, as well as conformity.
Sending money to your account– You can do this by moving some cash from your savings account, or by making a gold individual retirement account rollover from your existing IRA.
Acquiring gold and silver– You will eventually be asked for to get silver and gold for the newly created IRA. The precious metals are generally stored inside a facility that is guaranteed.
Augusta Rare-earth elements generally offers both silver and gold, in various forms of rare-earth elements such as bullions and also bars.
Pros
When we walked around looking for the very best gold IRA business, there were numerous things we tried to find. To begin with, was product knowledge and experience (in this situation precious metals). We have yet to locate a firm that goes to the level of education and learning that this business does, which shows in the client contentment rankings we have actually discovered around the web.
Investing In Silver Reddit
Education And Learning and also Consumer Fulfillment
Augusta Valuable Metals lays great focus on customer education as well as satisfaction. They have a library that contains five in-depth articles on numerous subjects such as rising cost of living, security, efficient diversity as well as the advantages of possessing silver and also gold.
Their web site has a resource and tools menu loaded with current information in the marketplace nad charts for precious metals prices. An additional significant advantage of Augusta Priceless Metals is that they offer low prices for the majority of their precious metals besides waiving charges on rare-earth elements IRAs. It additionally uses totally free delivery to every one of its customers.
Storage space and also Buyback program
Augusta Rare-earth element teams up with International Depository Service (IDS) and also Brinks Global Providers for their gold and silver storage. This implies the firm is keen on providing its consumers with top quality services by linking them to trustworthy firms in the nation. The storage business mostly operate in Ontario, California, Utah, Delaware, Idaho and also New York.
Augusta Rare-earth elements additionally supplies its clients the option of offering back their purchased items If you previously got Gold or Silver from them, you can still re-sell it at a competitive price. You will not find such sort of deals with the majority of the precious metal suppliers.
Investment items
Augusta Valuable Metals is proud in the sort of financial investment products it supplies to its customers that include silver and also gold bullion coins and also bars. There are likewise different groups of rare-earth elements that you can select from.
They, nonetheless, do not have palladium and platinum– however can still arrange them for customers that are interested. The company also provides a variety of costs collectable silver and also gold coins.
Augusta Precious Metals fees
Some rare-earth elements have a higher volatility rate compared to others. It is as a result crucial to contact the company on the rates of the sort of product you want prior to launching the acquisition. A customer needs to make a minimal investment of at least $5,000 to start trading silver as well as gold at Augusta Priceless Metals. There is nonetheless no maximum financial investment.
Cons
Augusta Precious Metals has a great deal of good points to supply to its customers, one of the downsides is that you can just spend if you have a minimum of $5,000. Without that amount, you won’t have the ability right into physical gold and silver. One location where this business attracts attention from some competitors is their commitment to education and learning and openness.
Devlyn Steele, the business’s Director of Education and learning leads a team devoted only to enlightening Americans about the importance of diversification in different assets. While most rare-earth elements business have academic sources located on their business internet site, Augusta assembles one-on-one seminars with people that request their gold individual retirement account guides and also info sets. This method of individually enlightening each prospective customer is special to what we see supplied by several of their competition.
Joe Montana – Star Endorsement
Lots of gold individual retirement account dealerships incorporate celebrity recommendations in their advertising.
Interested in shielding his own nest egg from economic uncertainty, Montana asked his group of financial experts to research gold suppliers and also locate a company that he can trust. After performing due persistance, they advised he collaborate with Augusta Precious Metals.
Joe Montana requested their info package and talked to Devlyn Steele. He ended up buying silver and gold with the firm, had a positive experience with the company, and also at some point became their spokesperson.
Products and Services
Augusta Precious Metals is largely a gold IRA company. The meat of their business focuses on assisting Americans rollover or transfer 401( k) or individual retirement account funds right into precious metals. They do however, likewise assist in direct purchases with shipment to clients across all 50 states.
The company can supply customers with a variety specialize in other precious metals such as platinum and palladium, but can help with these financial investments if the client requests them.
How Does a Gold IRA Work?
When opening up a gold IRA, there are commonly 3 parties included. If you decide to work with Augusta, your situation would certainly appear like this:
the Gold individual retirement account firm (Augusta PM).
the self-directed IRA custodian (Equity Count on).
the third-party safe storage space business (Delaware Depository or Brinks). Basically, most traditional IRA or 401( k) custodians can not help with alternative financial investments like physical silver and gold. You can not just buy gold as well as have them provided to your employer-sponsored retirement account.
This must be handled through a self-directed individual retirement account (SDIRA).
Investing In Silver Reddit
The internal revenue service also bans direct property of IRA financial investments – so you need a third party gold vault or safe storage firm in order to get rare-earth elements without setting off a taxed event …
Augusta Priceless Metals has actually established partnerships with Equity Trust fund and also Brinks or the Delaware Depository for storage. While they can collaborate with the custodian and also vault business of your selection, the dealer works with these two business everyday, making the entire process structured and also straightforward.
3. NOBLE GOLD
Noble Gold Testimonial
With Noble Gold, consumers get an individual retirement account rollover process that’s conveniently integrated with experienced recommendations on just how to invest in rare-earth elements. By speaking with various other financial experts in the industry, they have the ability to provide a series of solutions to assist their customers.
Noble Gold likewise has a buyback program, where consumers are offered the alternative to offer their shares back to the company if they so pick. This comes with a “No-Quibble” element of it, implying you won’t have any kind of trouble marketing their shares if that’s the most effective investment decision for them.
With their rapid and simple individual retirement account established, customers can see their retirement savings start growing asap. And also with distribution solutions directly to your residence or PO box, every purchase as well as interaction with the business is made as practical as feasible.
Noble Gold’s IRA Features
With Noble Gold, the procedure of rolling over an individual retirement account for gold as well as various other precious metals couldn’t be much easier. The configuration takes minimal time to complete, and also experienced experts are there to stroll you with every action of the means.
A gold IRA rollover involves relocating your retirement account over to a self-directed individual retirement account. These types of IRAs are especially designed to hold physical gold and also various other types of precious metals.
These are IRS-approved vaults shown to keep your investments protect.
Noble Gold offers IRAs that help you produce a more varied plan for retired life through the financial investment of gold.
A well-rounded retirement plan is necessary for any person who wants to make certain that they’ll have the ways to support themselves and also their liked ones pleasantly through retirement.
The process normally starts with a straightforward type that’s readily available online. You can complete as a lot of the form as you feel comfy with – it does not need to be filled out entirely or perfectly prior to sending it in.
If there are any type of problems or more concerns, a Noble Gold representative will certainly communicate to finish the procedure. Or, if on-line forms aren’t your style, you can always call Noble Gold straight and also speak to a real individual as soon as possible.
With the help of an agent, you’ll be walked through numerous rare-earth element options, every one of which are authorized for individual retirement account investments by the IRS. Gold IRAs can be funded with cash or rolled over from an IRA or pension you already have.
Gold IRAs are distinct from other IRAs as a result of the nature of their storage requirements. Via their partnership with the International Depository Solutions as well as insurance through Lloyd’s of London, Noble Gold supplies peace of mind for your investments.
With accessibility to an online account provided by Equity Institutional that’s personal and safe and secure, investors have access to their holdings at any moment.
This freedom to examine your investments at any moment of day is a massive part of the satisfaction that Noble Gold provides its customers.
Investing In Silver Reddit
Royal Survival Loads
With this choice, Noble Gold supplies customers with a mix of rare-earth elements that have been picked particularly with their special demands in mind.
Royal Survival Packs have the advantage of preserving their value also during occasions of extensive catastrophe.
Noble Gold is among the initial gold individual retirement account firms to use this type of item that has emergency situation feedback particularly in mind.
Royal Survival Loads
By applying the proficiency of extremely educated precious metal professionals, your combination of holdings is curated to have the highest worth and also be best fit for your financial investment demands.
These kinds of financial investments are very important in the event of a widespread calamity since they can be utilized as currency in those situations.
This mixture of one of the most typical ranges of bullion, silver, as well as gold comes to the owner at a moment’s notice, which is essential in the event of a disaster.
The Precious Metals Bush
Silver and gold have actually long been viewed as an apparent rising cost of living bush, but prices have actually continued to be stubbornly in position for almost a year.
Both steels rallied early throughout the coronavirus situation, however they’ve been stationary for close to a year.
Some capitalists see a possible separate between present rising cost of living patterns and the rate of silver and gold, and also many people are including rare-earth elements to their portfolio in hopes that they’ll be in an outstanding placement if the market begins to stress.
After all, if the dollar collapses, do you actually think you can sell your gold ETF and also pull out money?
Worst yet, some scammy companies don’t also permit you to take physical belongings of “your” so-called silver and gold possessions.
The alternative is to get as well as keep the metals yourself.
Nonetheless, getting physical rare-earth elements has its very own set of challenges, not the least of which is tax-related.
You commonly can’t write off physical gold purchases, and also missing out on those reductions might cost you a whole lot at tax time.
The second most substantial problem is safety since you require to shield your physical gold once you buy it.
Expenses can include safes, insurance policy, cameras, guns, or whatever else you require to secure your investment from criminals who would certainly be greater than satisfied to eliminate you of your rare-earth elements.
This is why many choose to store their precious metals with respectable rare-earth elements IRA business, Like Noble Gold.
Is Noble Gold Legit?
Noble Gold is a recognized business with an excellent record of sincere business practices.
On its internet site, Noble boasts that it is the # 1 trusted gold IRA firm in the united state, and it has numerous first-class reviews to sustain the case.
Noble Gold has a virtually excellent first-class rating on Consumer Matters.
Plus, the Bbb provides it an A- score with a BBB Accredited Service seal of approval to boot.
The firm has actually also been included on developed media electrical outlets like Fox News Radio as well as the Next Information Network.
Consumer evaluates report superb solution experiences with Noble Gold’s team.
Noble Gold Is Various than Various Other Gold IRA Firms
The precious metal industry is recognized for high-pressure sales techniques, however we really did not see any Noble Gold reviews that whined about it.
There are tons of frauds in the rare-earth elements globe, yet you don’t need to fret about getting duped with this company.
This is a genuine business with a considerable set of five-star consumer endorsements and also a remarkable BBB score.
Something makes sure, Noble Gold isn’t a fraud.
Noble Gold Investments Frequently Asked Questions
Does Noble Gold provide house distribution?
Noble Gold has seen an increase sought after for home shipment of gold acquisitions worldwide.
While we recommend keeping rare-earth elements off-site due to protection problems, Noble Gold can ship bundles completely covered and insured. A trademark is needed upon receipt so your rare-earth elements will certainly be taken if a package is left at the door.
Exactly how do I recognize Noble Gold will keep my precious metals secure in the depository?
A worthwhile partner of Noble Gold, IDS supplies state-of-the-art, secured precious metals storage. This company is approved by multiple worldwide metal trading exchanges and maintains your silver or gold guaranteed with Lloyd’s of London.
Where does Noble Gold shop Gold individual retirement account financial investments?
Noble Gold shops metal for their clients via a third-party firm called International Depository Solutions. IDS has centers in Texas as well as Delaware or Ontario, Canada.
What is Noble Gold Investment’s Valuable Metals Buyback program?
As a silver or gold IRA provider, Noble Gold has a contract that they will buy back your investment if you change your mind. They likewise purchase the gold or silver from capitalists who can not locate a customer on the free markets.
Does Noble Gold Investments market any rare-earth elements apart from silver and gold?
Yes, Noble Gold also sells platinum and palladium coins and also bars. These are not approved for an IRA account, yet representatives will assist consumers with selecting their metals.
Investing In Silver Reddit
In short:
Noble Gold are fairly brand-new rare-earth elements dealership specializing in gold and silver Individual retirement accounts. They also market bullion for delivery and exterior of a retired life account, as well as a collection of numismatc and collectible coins– it’s this IRA specialized for which they’re best understood.
This may quickly alter nevertheless, as Noble Gold have started hefty promotion of their “Survival Packs”, taken care of buck quantity steels financial investments to allow for wide range and individual defense throughout a monetary crisis– as well as like a number of various other gold IRA suppliers they have actually started aiding customers include cryptocurrencies to their portfolios with a sibling business Noble individual retirement account.
Site Item & Investment Details
The Noble Gold website uses clearly signposted details and also is well set out in a brochure-like design. All services and products featured in-depth requirements with choices for site visitors to request additional details through their kept in mind physical guidebook.
They likewise publish a large range of educational information, guides, evaluation as well as market news and also make really sound disagreements for using gold and also other rare-earth elements in any type of varied portfolio.
4. BIRCH GOLD
What is a precious metal IRA for Birch Gold?
A precious metals individual retirement account, or a gold IRA, is a self-directed IRA (individual retirement account) developed to invest in non-traditional investments like rare-earth element coins, bars, as well as rounds. This kind of account has actually been able to conserve millions for specific investors.
Traditional investment firm can not provide physical silver and gold for a buyer as part of a retirement portfolio. One of the major complaints concerning standard retirement investment firm is the restrictions place on the customer.
These retirement plans permit the financier to set aside a part of their income for financial as well as whether we would certainly or would not use it to invest in gold or a gold-backed individual retirement account.
Who is Birch Gold Team?
Established in 2003 as well as headquartered in Burbank, CA, Birch Gold Team is an online-based business that offers individuals a chance to acquire or sell gold for investment objectives. The firm markets gold, platinum, palladium and silver for either physical position or a positioning in IRA.
Clients may additionally pick to acquire precious metals and also make use of these to offer them a steady as well as reputable investment for their retired life.
One of Birch Gold Team’s primary purposes is to safeguard capitalists from inflation, which is an unpreventable scenario caused by an unpredictable economic climate or other uncertain circumstances on the market.
What Does Birch Gold Deal?
Birch Gold enables financiers to choose from the company’s diverse services and products consisting of bullion, coins, individual retirement account rollover services as well as physical precious metals.
The company’s coin collection features gold and also silver coins that are gotten from dependable sources in the United States as well as in Canada. These consist of the American Eagle, Indian Head Eagle and the Canadian Maple Leaf bullion and coins.
Grading services made use of by the company consist of the ones offered by Numismatic Guarantee Company and the Professional Coin Grading Service for the proper assessment of the coins’ credibility, rare-earth element content, weight and also problem.
Birch Gold Team offers their products at wholesale and retail markets after acquiring them wholesale.
The firm assists shield their clients’ investments with extensive education and learning and help necessary to their success. There are also rollover services given, which can fund clients’ IRA from their 401K.
Birch Gold Group Is Legitimate
Off, when it comes to the leading valuable steels dealers in the U.S.A., Birch Gold Team has continually rated in our Leading 3 for over 5 years currently. One important point to bear in mind is that they are Valuable Metals individual retirement account specialists, that is their major focus as well as is what they’re best at.
Birch Gold Group is absolutely not a scam, as a matter of fact, rather the opposite. They are among the most genuine precious metals dealerships in the business. There are no recognized pending claims presently. There may be a variety of problems submitted on rating agency sites, but this is normal with any kind of business, specifically thinking about the a great deal of clients they have and that the positive customer examines much outweigh the issues.
For instance, on the Bbb internet site, they have had just 8 grievances in the last 3 years, every one of which have been resolved by the firm as well as closed out. This likewise recommends the high worth they put on customers by making the effort to try and deal with any issues.
Entering into the year 2021, they’ll have been in business for 18 years, making them one of the earliest and also most experienced in the industry. They’re well-known for their first-rate customer onboarding, education, and also transparency. This suggests you’ll know what all the costs are prior to moving on. They really are one of one of the most trustworthy around.
They have spoken with the leading sector assumed leaders consisting of Steve Forbes, Jim Rogers, and also Peter Schiff. Their item offerings include both straight cash money purchases (with physical distribution) as well as the capability to roll over qualified tax-deferred retirement savings plans to a Precious Metals individual retirement account, consisting of the following:
Standard, SEP, Roth, and Easy Individual retirement accounts
Employer-sponsored 401( k) as well as 403( b).
Both methods offer the ability to invest in gold, silver, palladium, and platinum; offered in the form of bullion coins, rounds, as well as bars.
Birch Gold Team’s latest offering prolongs right into cryptocurrency guardianship within your Bitcoin Individual Retirement Account or Crypto Individual Retirement Account. This is done through BitIRA, their offshoot company. The top crypto coins by market cap are all available. These consist of yet are not limited to Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash Money (BCH), and also Ethereum (ETH).
This is simply another testament to just how they are staying pertinent and on the cutting edge as far as cutting-edge items that blend the traditional money globe with the emerging FinTech industry.
What is Right for You?
Every person should make their very own option when it comes to acquiring precious metals or picking to open up a gold IRA. There are a variety of alternatives, as well as clearly Birch Gold Team has numerous to supply.
Those that are new to buying precious metals or those that are experienced will discover that dealing with Birch Gold Team is problem totally free, and the agents you collaborate with will gladly take their time to make certain that they assist you understand the process.
While every firm has their advantages and disadvantages, Birch Gold Group has a lot more pros.
We give them a ranking of 4.8 out of 5 celebrities for their readiness to inform their consumers, give important content, as well as offer unique offers and also affordable charges for transactions.
Birch Gold Team uses investment minimums for a variety of budget plans. They likewise make it a point to share important insight into that is an optimal consumer for their business. Investing in rare-earth elements and opening up a gold individual retirement account is except every person.
Making the effort to evaluate their website will certainly assist you comprehend whether these choices are best for your profile. Birch Gold Group is sincere regarding assisting people think of their retired life as well as preparing for their future.
What makes Birch Gold Group unique is their capability to keep their recognition as a market specialist and also keep their document of offering exceptional client service. They have become a household name making them the trustworthy selection for precious metals.
In general, those who are seeking options to purchase rare-earth elements or look into opening up a gold individual retirement account can feel great regarding providing Birch Gold Group the possibility to serve them.
Always take the time to research study precious metals firms online before you make a final decision. Every individual has a distinct financial position and also terrific treatment ought to be absorbed researching companies that use precious metals for physical purchase, storage space, as well as gold individual retirement account’s.
Last but not least, make a list of your monetary objectives for now and list your lasting vision. Take the time to make a note of every one of the inquiries you have pertaining to the rare-earth elements market, consisting of buying, storage space, as well as opening an individual retirement account gold account.
Precious metal individual retirement account accounts are moneyed with rare-earth elements. The advantages are constantly kept in the very best rate of interest of the client, as well as they while they do work in different ways from typical individual retirement account’s, they operate the exact same.
A gold Individual retirement account is various from a traditional Individual retirement account. This suggests that rollovers may not be allowed, which fees might also vary depending on your individual degree of financial investment.
Those that desire to branch out will discover that Birch Gold Team is an excellent choice. This additionally suggests that individuals that are seeking a tax-deferred financial investment choice will certainly gain from working with Birch Gold Group.
Just you can decide if dealing with Birch is right for you. Look for the recommend of those you rely on consisting of family and friends, and also any individual that has sound experience in collaborating with the precious metals industry.
While the mainstream media might create you to fear your monetary scenario, remember that you can always seek sensible guidance from countless professionals before you sign on the populated line.
Today’s economic situation calls for a fresh look at exactly how money functions, and a factor to think about other options outside of paper money. The worth of the U.S. buck continues to rise and fall, and also although there is a lot of speak about cryptocurrency, it is necessary to check out rare-earth elements.
At the end of the day, why should you place some time and power into investigating rare-earth elements? The history of exactly how money jobs will certainly aid you see that precious metals works the reverse of paper currency.
When paper currency is no more of value, gold will be gold despite where you remain in the world. It is critical that you start taking a look at your choices today, as well as it is necessary that you call Birch Gold Group with any questions that you have so you can take action.
The economic climate is turning on its head, and also it continues to alter every day. If you want exceptional customer care and also a company that counts on following up with you to ensure that you get the best, you should make Birch Gold Group your option.
Without a doubt you won’t be sorry for at least taking the initial step to speak to the company to figure out even more concerning exactly how they can help you in intending an extremely flourishing future for you as well as your family with the help of acquiring precious metals, the capability to save them, and opening a gold iRA.The Original John Henry Stonemason, Inc.502-759-6119 |
Request Driving Directions
Enter your starting location in the field below to get directions to The Original John Henry Stonemason, Inc..
The Original John Henry Stonemason, Inc.
Louisville, KY 40241
- Phone: 502-759-6119
Our veteran owned and operated masonry company has over 100 years of masonry experience. Our artisans know what it takes to create beautiful masonry that will improve the look of your home. We take great pride in our work and will make sure each job is done with the highest attention to detail. We are also approved by the Historic Preservation Society to restore the historic value of your home. Call today to schedule an appointment!
Hours of Operation
Categories
Stoneware, Home improvement, Building restoration & preservation, Real estate guide, Concrete contractors, Mason contractors
Payment Methods
Check
Services
historic restoration, tuckpointing, concrete contracting, Stonemasonry, historic preservation, restoration
Service Areas
Louisville, KY;
concrete, stone foundation, bricklayer, concrete contracting, Stonemasonry, reclaimed bricks, brick patios, historic preservation, masonry restoration, historic stonework, stone contractors, masonry, stone entryway, masonry company, chimney repair, concrete work, stone fireplaces, stone patios, concrete steps, restoration, stonework, block mason, masonry renovation, dry stack, stonemason, stone walls, historic restoration, concrete contractors, tuckpointing, brick mason, brick fireplaces, masonry contractors
Location
Our Fans
This business doesn't have any fans.
Become a Fan of this Business
If you want to save The Original John Henry Stonemason, Inc. to your favourite business to get updates and easy access from your dashboard, click in the next button. Click HereFAQ`S
do I have to pre-book my tickets ?
We highly recommend purchasing your tickets in advance, especially on weekends.
How to buy a ticket ?
You can buy the tickets at the gate or through this website. The ticket resellers are official sellers in Dubai.
can i take pets to the frame ?
No, pets are not allowed in the building.
can i briong food and drink ?
No, food and drinks are not allowed inside the Dubai Frame.
Are bags allowed in the frame ?
Personal handbags and purses are allowed. However shopping bags, sports bags, back packs, etc. must be stored in the secure baggage room.
Is the dubai frame accessible for people of determination ?
Yes, people of determination can also visit the Frame.
what if i did not receive my e-ticket ?
First check the junk or spam folder in your email. If this does not help please contact us by phone, live chat or email.
can i book a private guide for the tour ?
Private guided are not available at the moment.ISABELLA ONG
Isabella commenced her role as a receptionist at Kardinya Chiropractic towards the end of 2021. Isabella will be commencing her second year of university next year at Curtin University, studying Commerce and Law. Isabella is a regular patient at the clinic and has been receiving adjustments since she was 11 back in 2014.GROUND FLOOR unit & move-in ready! This beautiful updated condo in the heart of McCormick Ranch is close to great restaurants, shopping, golf, casinos, walking distance to the Greenbelt and more! Modern wood like tile throughout, recently installed Elfa System in walk-in closet, brand new French doors out to covered patio and updated tub and stone in bathroom. The Belcara Condominiums are surrounded by beautiful green landscaped grounds and amenities include two pools (one heated), fitness facility and community center. Would make a perfect year round or seasonal/vacation home. Furnishings are available on a separate bill of sale.Photos coming before Thanksgiving NO SHOWINGS UNTIL LISTING IS ACTIVE.
Take hayden one street south of mountain view to arabian trail; first complex on your left as your enter the main entrance.
Belcara At Mccormick Ranch Subdivision Scottsdalethree.
Translation is a key word in the talks: for example, as David Berry shows, how do computers recognize humans? And what does that say about what it means to be human? How do the different ‘languages’ translate between human and machine, machine and human and machine-to-machine? Opinions differ as to which degree humans are already machines themselves. Are we caught in algorithms, tying us down like spider webs? Has ‘computationality’ already gone so far that we cannot escape or fight back? David Berry doesn’t agree, although his account of Google’s future plans heading at ‘augmented humanity’, not only predicting but also actually replacing our innermost thoughts, definitely hits my ‘creepy line’.
The positive thing about The New Aesthetic, whether it’s an art movement, design form or empty bucket, is that the work it produces makes this tension within the computated human world visible. The big goal for a long time has been precisely to make technology invisible, with the result that we don’t realize the state of computing we actually live in. Through glitch, distorted audio, memes, datamoshing, -bending et cetera this can be again foregrounded. Moreover, it can be done in a way that doesn’t just reach the closed-in academic world or the small group of online activists, but an enormous part of the online community. Actually, everyone online helps spread the word. Or image. Or sound.
The New Aesthetic seems a truly democratic art form, but maybe it is at the same time too grand an equalizer. Is it really OK to have an art work that’s taken days, weeks, maybe months to conceptualize and construct (next to the years of education preceding the creative moment) put up next to a funny meme rolling out of a meme generator in a few seconds, on a standard Tumblr? Isn’t that contradictive to the idea of creating some kind of consciousness of the algorithms controlling us? It’s good to see theory, art, design and debate come together. So, what is this New Aesthetic thing? Open the box and have a look.
Check the book New Aesthetic, New Anxieties, written during a Book Sprint at V2, Rotterdam. And visit the exhibition Coded Perception at SETUP (until November 18).Dish Bowl Covers Bundle
The large and extra large sizes are essential for entertaining while the small and medium sizes get used continually during the week for serving and ongoing dishes. All covers fit varying sizes and shapes and are excellent in the fridge, on the table, or in the car!
- Small in olive green fits 15 – 22 cm (6-8.5 in) diameter
- Medium in terracotta fits 22 – 26 cm (8.5-10 in) diameter
- Large in charcoal fits 26 – 33 cm diameter (10-13 in) diameter
- Extra-large in bluegrass fits 33 – 36 cm diameter (13-14 in)
- Breathable, no sweating of leafy greens and condensation
- Food cools quickly in the fridge due to evaporation.
- Simple to use fits various shapes and sizes
- Plastic-free, non-disposable, long-lasting
- Handmade by women working in home industries on the outskirts of Cape Town, South Africa.
- Not ovenproof or microwave-safe Dish Bowl Covers Bundle..- Description
- Reviews (0)
Description
Summary:-
Thoroughly revised and updated new edition.
• Compilation of Complete Dentures, Removable Partial Dentures, Fixed Partial Dentures, Maxillofacial Prosthetics, Implant Dentistry, TMJ Disorders and Dental Materials in a single volume.
• Describes methods and use of biomaterials in modern prosthodontics.
• Extensive coverage of postgraduate topics.
• Evidence based clinical practice and standard operating procedures.
• Recent advancement in all the branches of prosthodontics.
• Enormous description of all materials (endodontics, prosthodontics and orthodontics) used in dentistry.
• High definition images and simple illustrations.
• Concept maps for easy retention.
• Reference list provided at the end of each chapter with up-to-date evidence-based literature.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.“This castle hath a pleasant seat; the air
Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself
Unto our gentle senses.”
(Macbeth act 1, sc. 6)
Two weeks without an entry… Thanks to the “Your Daily Shakespeare” site followers who emailed me questioning the unusually long hiatus.
But….”There is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things”, as Fluellen explains to Gower on the eve of the Battle of Agincourt in King Henry V.
In the instance, I had read a summary of the history of the Longobards, the second wave of invaders from the North, following the Goths and followed in turn by the Franks. The region of “Lombardy” is a toponymic witness to the presence of the Longobards in Italy, where they established a series of dukedoms and a kingdom. They were Arians (that is, Christ, though son of God, was subordinate to his Father rather than “consubstantial”, meaning the same). This was believed to be a heresy, costing the usual thousands of lives in the course of the centuries. Eventually, even the Longobards abandoned Arianism and established, among other things, several abbeys throughout Italy.
… One of which is San Pietro a Valle in Umbria built in the VIIIth century by Faroald II, duke of Spoleto. In time, it became the mausoleum of the Longobard Dukes. The abbey was almost destroyed by the Saracens and was re-built in the Xth and XIth centuries.
A noteworthy point of interest is that the abbey section of the compound has been turned into a residence. Hence my visit, that I will recommend to anyone.
The Romanesque Church hosts on its walls a series of beautiful frescoes. The cloister proper has been turned into a residence. My “cell” had the name of “Fra’ Mansueto”, (Friar Mild), neighbored by cells named for Fra’ Zaccheo, Fra’ Eusebio and Fra’ Bartolo. The inverted commas surrounding “cell” represent that though it was original in shape, it contained a flat screen TV (which I did NOT turn on), Wi-Fi and all the amenities of a luxury hotel. To which I should add a private original “scriptorium” furnished in style – that is a separate room where to read, write or meditate.
Being located in a remote valley off an already remote valley, residence at the Abbey is (in my view) the closest we can get to the inherent original feel and mood of isolation. Isolation, on the other hand, intended then (and now) to promote spiritual awareness of the great mystery of everything. The night silence is complete, enhanced occasionally by the echoing cry of an owl.
In San Pietro a Valle, the abused rhetorical image of time seeming still on the sceneries of a bygone past acquires some consistency of truth.
Even in and around Ferentillo, the closest inhabited center, the town is still a town and the countryside a countryside in the genuine meaning of the terms. The two entities blend together and integrate each other – creating a most enjoyable space, immune (so far) from the speculative aims of the modern Vandals.
Since 1890 the complex is in private hands – and it is the current family owning the complex that completed the re-structuring in 1998.
The restaurant is excellent and the hall is the same where the original monks ate. Needless to say cuisine and wines are on par with everything else.
While the quoted lines, uttered by Duncan, refer to Macbeth’s castle, they can equally apply to the Abbey of San Pietro a Valle.
In the play. King Duncan has just arrived as a guest at Macbeth’s castle, unaware and unsuspicious that Macbeth plans to kill him.Vistas Spanish Homework Answers
VHL Central | activities: show VHLCentral Help Vistas, Fifth Edition Return to.2) Por ultimo, voy a poner el despertador.It is challenging but you can rely on our team of experts, and they would render with a successful chemistry task writing service..Please wait vistas spanish homework answers with giving the answer until OP has made an attempt at doing his/her own homework & filled out his/her profile as asked, we wouldn't want to create a culture of lazy students coming here to copy paste their homework so we can do it for them!Get Answers from Premium Tutors 24/7.Post your mindtap homework questions and get answers from qualified tutors.Answers Vhlcentral Spanish Leccion 7 Download or Read Online eBook answers vhlcentral spanish leccion 7 in PDF Format From The Best User Guide Database Oct 18, 2012 - Related searches for vhlcentral answers leccion 3 VHL Central Log in to your Vista Spanish 1 vhlcentral.2 -PREQUIZ - Possessive Adjectives.RSS Feed View Test Prep - Vistas Spanish Chapter 7 Quiz.You can even ask follow-up questions, and approve payment only when you’re completely.Welcome To Vocabulary Graded Practice.When ready, press Start the practice.Mindtap Homework help - post Homework Questions, Assignments & Papers.Pdf from SPN 101 at Cleveland State University.Home Spanish Homework The original blogger blog spanish help.PDF My Spanish Lab Homework Answers - bookletnoisy.Come see me if you need further assistance Hoy y ayer.Read PDF Vistas Spanish Workbook Answer Key Lesson 5 type of the books to browse.Our extensive question and answer board features hundreds of experts waiting to provide answers to your questions, no matter what the subject Visit this site for free Spanish Conjugation Worksheet One ar verbs.It is not possible to learn a foreign language just by going to class a couple of times a vistas spanish homework answers week Learn spanish homework 5 vistas with free interactive flashcards.Thousands of online mindtap tutors are ready to help you with your mindtap homework now!So, if you also find the assignment challenging, the better option is seeking expert assistance to get the right MyLabsPlus quiz answers.Vistas spanish 4th edition Add Comment Signing Naturally Unit 4 Homework Answers Key Edit Download Signing Naturally Unit 4 Homework Answers Key Reader Read The-Slight-Edge Audio CD Read Online Briggs And Stratton 10a9.You can approach the books Page 4/10.This is because our online experts are experienced and familiar with WebAssign classes and solve various academic problems..1 Preterite of stem-changing verbs Page 274 ¡Inténtalo!When you are looking for the printed book of this PDF in the book.Vistas Cheat – Spanish Homework Answers.Archives for category: Uncategorized.Pdf FREE PDF DOWNLOAD Click support.
Creative Personal Statement Graduate School
About Press Copyright Contact us Creators Advertise Developers Terms Privacy Policy & Safety How YouTube works Test new features Press Copyright Contact us Creators.What they teach you will help you improve your grades.Vistas Spanish Homework Answers you the way.At Vista Higher Learning, our mission is to develop premier programs that make world languages come to life by integrating text, technology, and media.I took spanish in High School and College and really wanted to learn the language.Ph-2021-05-15T00:00:00+00:01 Subject: Vistas Spanish Workbook 4th Edition Answer Key Keywords: vistas, spanish, workbook, 4th, edition, answer, key Created Date: 5/15/2021 6:52:11 PM.Physical portions of your homework, for example, the size of the introduction body and conclusion in case of an essay is available to you NO PREP!I Vistas Spanish Homework Answers have heard that TFTH has a global presence in many different countries.Vistas Spanish Workbook 4th Edition Answer Key Author: mx.View Homework Help - Vistas Spanish Chapter 9 Completar.Los trabajadores (anunciar) el fin de la huelga si la.Firstly, a solved answer can help you to see exactly what you need in order to achieve when you complete your homework.Main; Home > Spanish homework help.3/26/2013 1 Comment Completar Completa las oraciones usando palabras de la lista y lo que vistas spanish homework answers aprendiste en Panorama cultural.Spanish Three is a complete textbook but may be used in conjunction with another textbook.All Spanish speaking countries must be labeled with their name the capital and the nationality for both males and females.VHL Central | activities: show VHLCentral Help Vistas, Fifth Edition Return to Assessment Leccin 7.Log in at VHL Central to access your Vista Higher Learning Supersite, online books or classes Best Essay Writing Company ‘Why to Vistas Spanish Homework Answers go anywhere else when you have the best essay help online right here in your town?Vistas (Lesson 8: la comida) Welcome To Vocabulary Graded Practice.Imagina spanish workbook answers leccion 6.Get Free Vistas Spanish Workbook Answer Key Lesson 4 Vistas Spanish Workbook Answer Key Lesson 4 This is likewise one of the factors by obtaining the soft documents of this vistas spanish workbook answer key lesson 4 by online.At Chegg we understand how frustrating it can be when you’re stuck on homework questions, and we’re here to help.For help with Spanish homework or other issues at any time of day or night, you can consult a verified Spanish Tutor on JustAnswer from the comfort of your home.These Experts can also answer questions about Spanish dialects, social practices and more.Everything you need to teach Spanish Three and AP is in this bundle: Lesson Plans, PowerPoints, TPR Stories and comprehensible input, homework, tests and quizzes, videos, interactive notebook.Pdf from SPN 102 at Cleveland State University.- Spanish - US History - World History - European History - Economics.Vhlcentral answer key spanish 4.WebAssign Answers and Homework Help.Tomorrow's answer's today!When ready, press Start the practice.Top Homework Answers vistas spanish homework answers in Spanish; Top Homework Answers in Brasil.For you From me ESTRUCTURA | 5.A vista is a long view through a narrow line of trees or down a street between buildings.Com, or Submit help request Vistas, Fourth Edition · Descubre, Level 1 · Users · Support.5 Penn Plaza, 23rd Floor New York, NY 10001 Phone: (845) 429-5025 Email: help@24houranswers.2) Por ultimo, voy a poner el despertador.Answer (0) Bids (0)other Questions (10)Need Help; Environmental Science/Community Environmental Issue;.Expert Locksmiths in Stockwell
Our locksmiths in Stockwell are seasoned specialists, developed through numerous years of work and empowered with the latest equipment, so that we can offer quality services every time. Since we all are residents of the Stockwell area, you don’t have to wait more than you should for a Locksmith in Stockwell; Stockwell Area.
Some of our Locksmith Services in Stockwell
Did you twist your key so hard that it broke or got wedged in the lock? Did you return home and find that your spouse or roommate has mistakenly travelled with the keys? Or do you want a key cut in Stockwell? We offer regular and emergency key, core, and cylinder repairs. We don’t just cut keys in a shop, we are a long established 24/7 emergency locksmith solution in Stock Stockwell means that we have worked on just about every type of lock and security system at some point in the past.?
- Office furniture locks?
- You have your keys’ codes and want to make copies?
- Your store, office or home needs a sliding door system?
Expert locksmiths in Stockwell you can count on.
If you engage our locksmith service, we can equip your home or place of work with state-of-the-art security systems. If you are in any kind of lockout emergency in Stockwell, we can help you get into your house.? Our highly-qualified Stockwell?
Is it home alarm systems, CCTV, or UPVC windows? worried about security?
At KC Locksmiths Stockwell, we value the welfare of our customers. Because of this, we ensure that our employees are accountable and have passed through the essential measures to become police-certified.: The tools and equipment we use are premium quality; always! Our Stockwell. We make sure our customers are informed about lock and security system maintenance.
Our 24/7 services are available all year round.
In the Stockwell area, we can get you into your home within thirty minutes of your call. We are approved by the police following background checks. Our Stockwell locksmith service is staffed by experienced, qualified, knowledgeable locksmiths with a can-do attitude.. Our services are mostly popular in Stockwell,. We are the number one Stockwell locksmith. Call today and find out how we can help!
Lock Maintenance Services – Available in your area now 020 8123 8060It’s no secret that consumers love Amazon, Walmart and Target. But they are not the only retailers that bargain-hunting shoppers — or investors — are expected to flock to during the holidays.
With Black Friday a week away, the SPDR S&P Retail ETF is up an astonishing 61% this year. That’s extraordinary, considering it does not have gigantic positions in Amazon, Walmart or Target among its top holdings, i
The ETF has roughly equal weightings in more than 100 stocks. Many of the mall-based companies that investors left for dead in 2020 during the pandemic but have since roared back to life this year are more responsible for powering the ETF’s stellar 2021 performance.
Dillard’s, Macy’s, Abercrombie & Fitch and jeweler Signet, the owner of Jared and Kay, make up some of the larger weightings in the fund. And they have each more than doubled in 2021.
Macy’s reported earnings and sales that topped forecasts Thursday morning and issued a bullish outlook for the holidays. The stock soared more than 20% on the news.
“The consumer is healthy, and we expect the strong demand to continue, particularly as people return to work,” said Macy’s chief financial officer Adrian Mitchell during a conference call with analysts.
Another notable holding in the ETF, Kohl’s, is also thriving. The stock surged 10% Thursday after it, too, reported strong third quarter results. The stock is up nearly 55% this year.
Healthy economic tide lifting many retail boats
Consumers, armed with more money from bigger paychecks and a high amount of savings thanks to stimulus checks from earlier this year, seem more than willing to venture back out to the mall to shop in physical stores instead of sitting at home and buying things on their phones or laptops.
It also appears that larger retailers are doing a better job of restocking their shelves, despite supply chain concerns, shipping delays and inventory challenges that are hurting smaller stores.
Just look at how well the two companies that used to be part of the once-struggling L Brands are now doing.
L Brands broke up earlier this year into two publicly traded companies: Bath & Body Works and Victoria’s Secret. Both companies, which are each in the retail ETF, reported strong earnings earlier this week and their stocks surged on the news.
Of course, the threat from Amazon hasn’t gone away. Although Amazon shares briefly dipped after reporting earnings last month that underwhelmed Wall Street, the stock has bounced back lately and is once again not far from an all-time high.
So investors in some of the former retail laggards have to hope that some of these brick and mortar stalwarts will be able to do a better job in the digital commerce realm.
Some retailers, most notably Kohl’s, are also partnering with Amazon to try and capture some of its e-commerce magic. Kohl’s lets Amazon customers return orders at its stores.
“Let me just say that with Amazon, we continue to be pleased with that partnership,” said Kohl’s CEO Michelle Gass during its earnings call Thursday. “And we continue to see new customers from that program. So we saw that build.”
Gass added that Kohl’s own digital efforts are reaping rewards too, with digital revenue growing from both last year and pre-pandemic levels in 2019. Digital sales now account for nearly 30% of total revenue at Kohl’s.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.This popular home is now sold out.
Find more homes by selecting 'Find your new home' above.
Cadagon Grand A
Slade Green Road,Erith,Kent,DA8 2HX Map
Through a combination of thoughtful design, skilled craftwork and immaculate attention to detail, we have created The Cadagon criterion.agon Grand is a home that will impress you from first look.
VIEW THE LATEST NEW HOME INSPIRATIONRe: Sunderland Rates Relief based talk Roland, if you don't want to work collaboratively, and think it's okay to screw with others ability to get FOI requests through, that is entirely your right. However, if you want to work alone, then your near-demands on others to hand out large volumes of flyers is hypocritical in the extreme.911 Report | Hawaii News Police and Fire By Star-Advertiser staff Julyrolley critically injures pedestrian A pedestrian remained in critical condition Friday at the Queen’s Medical Center after he was hit by a trolley Thursday night near Ala Moana Park. Police described the pedestrian as a man in his 20s. The victim was crossing the intersection at Ala Moana Boulevard and Kamakee Street when he was hit by a trolley traveling west at 10:55 p.m. The pedestrian was heading mauka when he was struck by the vehicle, driven by a man from Kaneohe. Man charged in alleged Hilo carjacking Hawaii County police charged a 19-year-old man Friday in connection with an alleged carjacking in Hilo on Wednesday. According to police, Alkapone Cruz-Balles approached a 24-year-old man in the parking lot of the Target store in Hilo and threatened him with a weapon. Cruz-Balles then allegedly took the victim’s car keys and drove away in the man’s Hyundai sedan. An islandwide bulletin was issued, and Cruz-Balles was located with the car in the Pohoiki area. A 14-year-old girl who was with Cruz-Balles was interviewed and released to her parents. Cruz-Balles was charged with first-degree robbery and unauthorized control of a vehicle. He is being held in lieu of $12,000 bail. His initial court appearance is scheduled for Monday. Previous Story Police and Fire Next Story Plaintiffs may seek redress as group, judge rulesDo you have what it takes to be a winemaker? Join our award-winning winemaker Dave Collins as he teaches this second installment in our Winter Wine Education Series.
Enjoy food pairings and wine samples, as Dave leads you through the process of making a great blend. Each guest will be provided a graduated cylinder to create their own blend.
Details
Feb 29, 2020
3:00 pm - 5:00 pmSarka Jelenova
How to plan a secret wedding proposal
Updated: Jan 27
Let's say you've found the right girl, you even got the ring and you know what she would love. Having such an intimate moment photographed is definitely a wise choice to keep your memories alive, besides, girls love their proposal photos! Make sure you book your secret proposal photographer in advance.
Here you find some secret proposal ideas to plan the best proposal ever!
Choose the right style
Planning a proposal is a big deal and you don't want to get things messy!
Don't underestimate the time and plan ahead. You probably know the best what your partner likes, what place, style details would they appreciate. Not everybody is into the big crowded places, balloons, or super romantic restaurants.
First, decide if it's gonna be outside or inside.
Outdoor secret proposal
You can choose a cool private spot where your photographer can move around freely without being suspicious. The big con is the weather that you obviously cannot plan. If you are planning a secret proposal in London, choose the month wisely. Summer holidays are just perfect for it. London has many beautiful spots, parks, hidden gems for such a unique occasion as your engagement.
Indoor secret proposal
Indoor proposals can be planned in a restaurant, viewpoint such as Shard, etc. You can plan the details with the staff but you cannot really predict if it's gonna be busy and how many people are going to be around.
Tip: Get some inspiration for the best place here:
9 London romantic locations for a photoshoot
When is the best time for a wedding proposal?
Photography wise, the best time of the day for secret proposal photos is around the golden hour. That is usually 1 hour before the sunset. Mornings are also beautiful and can be pretty unique. Avoid the midday direct sun for your plan. Direct sun can make messy shadows on your faces and therefore it would be difficult to capture your future wife's reaction and emotions.
What to wear for a wedding proposal
I tell everybody before any kind of shoot: Avoid the patterns or big signs. Choose muted tones of colors. You´ll never go wrong with black or white, linen shirts, light trousers. Take a stylish hat if you can. Make sure your future fiance wears something nice as well.
Here comes the tricky part! How to make them think it's not a big deal and you just having a nice casual date or going to visit your parents or friends.
Yes, you can always say that. Take her to see your family, her family, old friends. Say you're going for a walk, explore a new park. Tell her you've planned a nice date day together or you booked your favorite restaurant. You can plan a picnic or take a camera and pretend you´re going to take some photos of her. Girls like to dress up so make her think it's worth it to take a nice dress better than a hoodie.
Tip: You can come to the place together or you can text her you´re going to meet there so she can be even more surprised! Just be spontaneous and imaginative.
Other wedding proposal ideas and tips
Don't be nervous. What a tip right! But as your engagement photographer, I can tell I'm probably more nervous than you are! Don´t worry!
Make sure the photographer knows the spot and she/he is there at least 20 minutes before you explore the spot.
Stay in touch with the photographer. Give them an update on where you are.
In this case, you´ve never met your engagement photographer, send them a photo of you two before so the photographer knows who to expect. Let them also know what you are wearing.
Take your time, don't rush into the most important question. Let her relax and tell her all the things that matter.
Once you arrive at the place, don´t look for your photographer. We know what to do and where to stand not to be too suspicious.
Once she says “yes” (and she will trust me!) keep the moment going! Don´t worry about posing, don´t worry about the photographer at all. Just enjoy the moment.
Once the photographer is introduced keep going with the engagement photo shoot. You probably have so much to say and she is all happy so don't worry about the posing. Enjoy the time. As a photographer, I´d pose you or stop you for a moment when it's the right moment.
OR how about?
Secret proposal photographer Paris !
Plan your really dreamy engagement in Paris. It´s not far from London and it gives to you and your partner unforgettable memories of your secret wedding proposal.Smart charging of electric vehicles
Smart charging of electric vehicles
By 2020, electric cars will be commonplace. Software agents play an important role in reaping the financial benefits from their battery capacity and in charging huge numbers of new electric cars without causing power failures. Konstantina Valogianni anticipates that charging electric cars without a co-ordinating mechanism will put a huge strain on the electric grid, creating a very real danger of causing power outages. Valogianni: “Customers want their cars to charge fast. They charge them at a maximum of 25 kW within an hour, while an average household usually consumes 3 kW up to 10 or 11 kW. At some point, there is no supply to cover this demand. That’s the main problem. Prices will skyrocket and blackouts could occur.”
So far, academic literature has only offered solutions that involve a central party co-ordinating the charging of electric cars. But Valogianni and her team take a decentralised approach. They propose an algorithm – Adaptive Management of EV Storage (AMEVS) – by which a software agent makes the decision whether to charge a car or to sell energy back to the retail market. The agent learns and tailors itself to individual car owners. Valogianni: “It focuses on the heterogeneity of the customers, who have different preferences and mobility habits. The algorithm learns our individual preferences and uses them to optimise charging times. It will allocate charging times differently within the time horizon of the day. That’s what makes the algorithm reduce peaks, and ultimately the demand on the grid becomes less volatile.”
The algorithm is run inside the car. “Ideally, you can schedule your driving routes and input your preferences into a chip in the car, for example, through a screen interface,” Valogianni says. This scenario is close to becoming a reality – Tesla Motors has already implemented a very simple version of personalised charging, where you can tell your car to charge during the night to benefit from lower tariffs. It paves the way for electric car management by algorithms such as AMEVS. “But of course, we need to test the algorithm in test beds like Power TAC before we can release it to the market.”A short highlights video of speeches by Sir Winfried Bischoff, TheCityUK Advisory Council Chairman, The Lord Mayor Locum Tenens, Alderman Sir David Wootton, The Rt Hon Dr Vince Cable MP, Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills and Gerry Grimstone, TheCityUK Board Chairman, at TheCityUK Annual Dinner 2013 supported by Mayer Brown International LLP.U.S. Champions League Supper Data: Philadelphia United has a net loss of up to 1 goal in the past 24 away games,injuries of volleyball
But Real Madrid also has a Buff, that is, anyone in the defense can kick two feet, and sometimes they can score goals. injuries of volleyball.
NewInterview by: Harry Wagner- 9/2003
Editor's Note: The following is the latest of our new feature focusing on the talented people who run shops specializing in Toyota 4x4 components. 4x4Wire's Harry Wagner recently had the opportunity to run the famous Dusy-Ershim Trail with Roger Brown from 4Crawler Offroad.
4x4Wire- How did you get involved in four wheeling?
Brown- Hard to say, we had a 4WD pickup when I was a kid, used to go out camping in the mountains. Also used to do a lot of backpacking, so always enjoyed getting out in the back country.4x4Wire- How long have you been four wheeling?
Brown- With my current rig, about 7 years, I did just a little with my old FJ-55. When I got the 4Runner, I was set on getting it set up to get off-road. I had read about trails like the Rubicon, Fordyce and Dusy-Ershim and that sounded like the sort of wheeling I wanted to do.
4x4Wire- So that was your first trail rig then?
Brown- Right. Back in 1985, I purchased a '74 FJ-55 Toyota Landcruiser Station Wagon (aka Iron Pig) as my daily driver. I had sort of wanted a 4WD truck for going camping and skiing and this one had decent room for gear inside. I found there was almost nothing available (at the time) for it from the aftermarket, but started to slowly fix it up. First major problem was smog, and I ended up converting the engine to run on propane (LPG) to get an exemption. This change made a huge change in power and driveability over the stock intake. Over the years, I installed some add-a-leaves, lift shackles, swing-down rear tire carrier and some new tires. Just managed to lock the front hubs a few times, when the CA smog folks dropped the exemption for LPG and I ended up having to sell the vehicle out of state in 1990. Then, about 6 years later, I stumbled upon an '85 4Runner.
4x4Wire- How did you make the transition from enthusiast to businessman?
Brown- No one event happened to make the transition. I guess I've always had a DIY attitude, and as I started building up my truck, I found there were more and more things I wanted that were not available, or at least not available set up like I wanted. Also, after helping a few folks with various installs of existing aftermarket products, I found the quality of many of them was just not up to what I would want on my rig. So, I began to make items for my 4Runner, but always with an eye towards making them something someone like me might also want. For example, my Rock SliderZ were designed to be bolted on, if desired, as that is the type of install that seemed desireable to many folks, they could also be welded on, but that was not required. My body lift kits, likewise, were designed to be fully bolt-on installations, no welding required. So I began making items for others on the side, helping with installs to learn how to make things better, for example I weld tabs onto the pickup bed bolts for the body lift kits to duplicate the stock setup, eliminating the need to get a wrench up inside the bed rails to install the lift. Its a huge time and frustration saver. Anyway, after a few years working on this on the side, my day job disappeared and I decided that this would be a good time to give this a shot full time.
4x4Wire- What sort of background do you have?
Brown- I have an electrical engineering background (power and transmission lines, not electronics) and did a fair amount of mechanical design work at various employers over the years for electrical equipment installations. I later took about 2 years of welding and 1 year of machining classes at my local adult education program, mainly to learn how to repair and fabricate items for my truck.
4x4Wire- How long has 4Crawler been in business?
Brown- A little over 2 years full-time and about 4 years counting part-time operation.
4x4Wire- How many people work for you? In what capacity?
Brown- Just myself, for now. I try to leverage the Internet to handle all of my marketing, sales and support.
4x4Wire- Do you do fabrication work and installations in addition to selling products?
Brown- I do some, but try to keep it to a minimum, mainly due to lack of facilities. Although most of my product line has developed from what started as a custom fabrication for one person (or myself), then perhaps with some small changes has become a product with a wider audience, so I'm always on the lookout for new projects like that.
4x4Wire- Do you sell other manufacturers' products or just 4Crawler products?
Brown- I do resell some other manufacturers' products in areas that complement my own products. For example, I offer poly body mount bushing kits for many of the vehicles I make body lifts for. I can drill out the bushings to match the size of hardware being used in the body lift kit, or I modify bushings for one vehicle type to fit another type, which is what I do for the FJ-60 and FJ-62 body mount bushing kits.
4x4Wire- Do you make products for other makes besides Toyotas?
Brown- Yes, after owning a semi-orphaned vehicle (FJ-55) I can sympathize with owner's of vehicles that get little, if any, aftermarket product support. Thus, if I can adapt an existing product to another application, I'll go ahead and do the design work to get the new product out. Case in point was my Kia Sportage body lift kit, within 2 weeks of being apporached by a Sportage owner, I had the needed specifications in hand, material purchased and had Kia lift kit #1 in the hands of the owner, installed and ready to wheel. Some of my products I don't even know what type of vehicle they will be used on, for example my leaf spring shims. I've done them for 4x4s, street rods, drag race trucks, you name it. If it has leaf springs and a solid axle, its likely to need shims at some point or another. I also make a line of products for water-cooled Volkswagens, including upgraded shift linkages, diesel tachometers and suspension kits
4x4Wire- Any new product ideas you would like to share with us?
Brown- Always working on new things, mainly items I need for my truck and if they work out well, I may offer them as a standard product. A few projects I need to get done shortly are a full swing out tire carrier to go on my rear bumper. That's been a few years in the works, but once I get 35s on, I won't have the options to carry a spare inside or under the truck any more. I also hope to come out with a version of my long travel front shock setup, as I've had a number of requests for that and I need to make a few minor changes to my own setup.
4x4Wire- Tell us about your personal truck.
Brown- I have a 1985 4Runner SR5 that I bought used with 175K miles about 7 years ago. Been fixing it up ever since, however, I hope to get it to the point that I can just wheel it, but still have some projects to finish up before its done, at least for this incarnation. Actually, I have been running it as my daily driver all this year, so its pretty amazing that you can spend 3-4 days on a trail like the Dusy-Ershim in the High Sierra, then just unlock the hubs, put some air in the tires, throw on some mud flaps and have a rig you can drive to the grocery store the next morning. BTW: Hydraulic-assist steering is very nice for getting around in crowded parking lots! So all my build-up has been done with an eye towards having a streetable truck, not just street legal, but one you can hop in and drive 1000 miles in a day if need be. So, I've tended to keep the lift fairly mild, 33" tires so far, but I'll be adding 35s to the quiver shortly, and tried to keep things fairly reliable. I run a custom front spring pack made out of stock Toyota rear springs, and 56" Orbit Eye springs in back. I have a full list of modifications on my web page.
4x4Wire- Where do you see the sport heading?
Brown- Not really sure, seems to be a big trend to purpose-built buggies and trailered rigs, but also many folks doing mild build-ups in order to get into more rugged terrain than they could with a stock rig. I think its good more people are getting involved in the sport, helping to spread the word that done properly it is a safe and environmentally responsible activity.
4x4Wire- How do you think competitions have affected four wheeling?
Brown- I think they have at least elevated the sport up into the public spotlight a bit, the average person has likely heard about or even seen some rock crawling on TV. However, I think the competitions are not really representative of what most folks do off-road. I've talked to folks who have the idea that off-roading is high speed racing (like the Baja 1000) or some sort of hammer-down mud bogging thing. When you explain that you travel along at 1-2 MPH, picking your way between car-sized rocks and trees, they have a hard time comprehending.
4x4Wire- Would you sponsor a competitor? Compete yourself?
Brown- Possibly, if it made sense from a business standpoint. With the trend toward rock buggies and what not, hardly anything I make would be applicable to the competing vehicle. I don't think I would compete myself, my rig is not set up for the kind of terrain the competitions are held on, nor for the sort of events that are held.
4x4Wire- So how often do you get out of the shop to wheel?
Brown- I try to get out at least once a month, more if possible. My truck is set up more for longer "expeditions", so my ideal trips tend to be multiple days. Last two trips included a 2000 mile, solo trip (mostly 2WD) over rugged, remote country in Nevada and Oregon, followed by a 3 (turned into 4) day trip over the Dusy-Ershim trail in the High Sierra with my club.
4x4Wire- What clubs or associations are you a part of?Brown- I am a member of the Toyota Land Cruiser Association (TLCA) and California Association of 4Wheel Drive Clubs (Cal4Wheel). I'm also vice president of the Gettin' Off 4WD Club, a Cal4Wheel affiliate club.
4x4Wire- I understand that you are the new Tech Editor of TLCA's Toyota Trails, correct?Brown- Yes, (TLCA President) Tony Twiddy asked if I would be interested in filling the Truck Tech Editor position at TLCA after Jon Davis stepped down recently. Just getting up to speed on the system and working with publication deadlines, etc. Biggest thing now is reviving the Truck Tech Editor e-mail alias, its probably been unanswered for so long, folks have forgotten it exists, so fire any truck tech questions to truckeditor@tlca.org.Cedar
$ 9.75
Please select all options.
4.5 ounces
Virginia cedar evokes the soothing protection of dry, smoky healing. This is a straightforward blend—familiar as new pencils on the first day of school. What starts out mild and pleasant, almost sweet and somewhat balsamic, becomes drier and woodier in our purifying restoration. Rx for your skin and soul.
INGREDIENTS:
Saponified food grade oils of rice Oryza sativa, palm Elaesis guineensis, soy Glycine max and castor bean Ricinus communes, with essential oil of cedarwood Juniperus Virginian USA, ground whole oat Avena saliva Canada, organic shea nut butter Butyrospermum parkii Ghana, essential oil of eucalyptus Eucalyptus globules USA, essential oil of juniper berry, and Moroccan red.Vacancies
Current Vacancies
Looking for a Massage, Beauty and Complementary therapists on an ad hoc basis.
Please forward your CV along with a covering letter to info@bodyworkstherapy.org or alternately fill in your details below:
We are always on the look out for alternate therapists so please feel free to contact us.
Renting a room at Bodyworks Therapy
If you would be interested in renting a room at Bodyworks on a daily, weekly or monthly basis please feel free to contact us. Our rates are very competitive.DEEP EXPERIENCE Blog Summertime and the Livin is Easy Summertime and the Livin’ is Easy. Imagine yourself floating on a peaceful river or lake. Maybe you’re on a boat or a raft, maybe you’re just in the water. It’s the perfect temperature. Sometimes simple is just right for a meditation. Enjoy. If you decide to do the... read more Light Therapy Scientists are experimenting with light therapy to treat mental and physical health. They use light boxes and assign research participants to sit in front of the boxes for an hour every morning at a specific time. Light therapy has been shown to help boost mood... read more Things we do quickly Things we do quickly... Yoga philosophy always informs the meditations I teach, but I have avoided making the connection explicit. After all, my students are coming to experience a meditation, not to become yogis. It became time for me as a teacher to lift the veil. ... read more Nourished by Beauty Nourished by Beauty Designing meditations in the tradition of yoga is a little like writing a 3-line, 17 syllable Japanese haiku poem. Most of the time in the meditation is devoted to preparing the mind and body to engage with the meditation. At appropriate points,... read more Finding Your Way What is finding your way like for you? Do you have a perfect sense of direction, easily knowing where you are and which way to turn? Do you pay little attention to where you are, feeling lost in space when you’re deciding which way to go? Each of us has our own... read more Peaceful Protest I’m not going to the protests but I do want to contribute to racial justice and equity. I’m not going to the protests because of co-vid 19. And because my body, after 40+ years of accumulated neurological damage from MS, can’t stand up for more than a minute or walk... read more A Special Teacher "Just allow" a teacher from your past to come to mind. Passing a drive-by middle school graduation inspired this week’s meditation. A mile-long line of cars packed with students and balloons drove slowly by the teachers who were waving and cheering outside of the... read more The Feeling of a Friend The Feeling of a Friend I recently lost a parent. And had my first experience of friends reaching out to offer love and support. I discovered that receiving friends’ messages, cards, and calls helped by buoying my sense of my connection with and gratitude for those... read more My Early Nature What could be more important or interesting than you? This week’s meditation was a big deal for me, because it is the beginning of year 2 of teaching weekly meditations. Episode 53. With a hope that Carrie 2.0 has learned from the first 52 experiences and is now new... read more « Older EntriesTel:
01803 832212
Our website uses cookies that are essential for the site to work.
Thank you. Your choice has been saved. You can change your preferences at any time.
Read the information on these pages incuding tips for sleeping better, including how to get support and treatment for sleeping problems.
Lots of resources, tips and ideas to hep you overcome your sleep problems or insomnia.
Explains insomnia and other sleep problems, giving practical suggestions for what you can do and where you can go for support.
Tips about insomnia, sleep problems for children and teenagers, sleeping pills, snoring and more.
About one in five people behavioural and cognitive therapies.
It is important to identify the sleep disorder underlying the problem, rather than treat symptomatically, as the choice of treatment depends on the cause of the problem. Learn more abou the different types of sleep problems.
Author: Colin Espie Publisher: Constable and Robinson:
A self help guide using cognitive behavioural techniques.
No Link: Support your local bookshop by ordering it there or search for it in an online bookshop..This article provides information about how you can successfully challenge the foreclosure process on your home and also lists several governmental assistance programs that may provide aid and help you stave off foreclosure. You may be surprised by the number of remedies that currently may be available to you.
Foreclosure Facts
According to a leading web site report (Realty Trac), during 2008 more the one million homes in the United States have gone through the foreclosure process and returned to the mortgage lenders. In recent months, legislation has been passed by the government to try to solve the mortgage crises. The Hope for Homeowners project is a program legislation that became effective in July 2008 and will remain in effect until September 2010. The Hope for Homeowners project is only estimated to be able to help around 400,000 home owners. However, an estimated two million more homeowners will face foreclosure in the next two years. Another report from Credit Suisse states that about 6.5 million homeowners will fall into foreclosure over the next 5 years.
Many of those homeowners who are facing imminent foreclosure on their homes may not understand or be aware that they have ways to challenge the foreclosure of their home and do not have depend on the Hope for Homeowners project. If you have been the victim of predatory lending practices, you may have legal recourse to challenge the foreclosure in court. The judicial system is becoming much more sympathetic to the homeowner in challenges to foreclosure actions. Many attorneys are finding a lot of different ways to challenge foreclosure. You always have the right to seek legal counsel and get up to the minute advice on what new laws are being passed to help homeowners remain in their homes.
Mortgage Loan Default
If you are in default on your home mortgage, the lender will begin the foreclosure process, usually after you have been in default for at least 3 months. Once the foreclosure process is completed, the title to the property goes to the lender and the homeowner must vacate the property. Most home owners do not challenge the foreclosure and simply walk away from the property not knowing they have the ability to challenge it.
Challenge of Promissory Note
The first thing you can do is force the lender to produce the original promissory note in court to prove they actually have the right to foreclose on the property. This is done in federal court, which is the only court that the homeowner can challenge foreclosure. Many times the promissory note has been bought and sold many times by many different banks. This makes it very hard for the lender to produce the original promissory note.
Challenge of “Equity Branch of the Law”
Lawyers can challenge the foreclosure for you by using the “equity branch of law” if it is applicable in your situation. Usually this means that the attorney can argue that the foreclosure is unfair and unconscionable, making you the victim of one of the many predatory lending practices. For instance, if the borrower was elderly and really didn’t understand the terms of a loan that they quite obviously could not ever repay it. If there is an outrageous term attached, such as a huge balloon payment, the “unconscionable” defense can be used based on the “equity branch of law.” The court may find the term so offensive to public policy that it could not be enforced.
Challenge of Mortgage Service mistakesIf the mortgage service company has made mistakes on your mortgage, you can challenge foreclosure for that reason. Such mistakes can include the following:
- Not applying your mortgage payment to your account and mistakenly crediting another account for the payment
- Charging an excessive fee the lender did not authorize
- Exaggerating how much you owe to bring your mortgage payment default up to date, thereby denying you the option to reinstate your mortgage
Challenge of Unfair or Predatory Lending Practice
Lenders who violate federal or state lending laws can be challenged when they try to foreclose on the property. The Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and the amendments attached to it plus the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act (HOEPA) both prohibit unfair lending practices in an effort to protect the borrow. These acts regulate and guard against very high interest rates and high up front processing fees. All lenders are required to disclose what the annual percentage rate is, what the finance charge is and the total amount to be financed. They must also include the total number of payments that are required to pay back the loan in full. They also must disclose the payment schedule and other basic information as well.
Challenge of the Right to Rescind the Loan
If the TILA or HOEPA was substantially violated, the borrower can rescind or cancel the loan. Furthermore, this cancellation can be retroactive in these situations. However, this can only be done if it is a second or third mortgage that was used to buy things other than buying or building your home.
Challenge of Violation of State Limits on “High Cost” Mortgages
Some states have made special provision for homeowner protection by placing limits on the costs of mortgages. If your state has violated these limits, you can challenge the foreclosure on that basis.
Challenge of Military Service
According to the Civil Relief Act, service members have special protection from foreclosure on there property. Active duty member have an automatic nine month postponement of foreclosure. A request for the postponement must be made in writing to the court. All foreclosure on service member property must also take place in court, no matter what state you reside.
In summary, there are a number of remedies that may be available if you are currently in danger of experiencing a foreclosure. It is important to contact an experienced real estate attorney who may best be able to assist you immediately as time is of the essence.
- Bankruptcy & Debt:
- Foreclosure
Foreclosure Challenging Foreclosure and Predatory Lending Practices
By Michael Wechsler |
To make a comment simply sign up and become a member!Artwork and illustrations for the play »KönigUbu« at theatre rambazamba in Berlin. The play, written in 1896 by Alfred Jarry as a bizarre and overturning play about the narcissistic and tyrannic King Ubu, became afterwards several times the reality and matches sadly to good with the latest political history.
Photos by Andi Weiland
(NC) Some of the vaccines that protect against COVID-19 use a technology called an mRNA vaccine. This term may be new to you, but learning more about what this type of vaccine is and how it works can help you feel confident in its safety and effectiveness.
1. They don’t contain the COVID-19 virus.
The COVID-19 mRNA vaccines provide instructions to the body so that it can protect itself against the virus. You cannot get COVID-19 from the vaccine. The vaccines also cannot change a person’s DNA.
2. They can be developed faster than traditional vaccines.
mRNA vaccines can be developed faster than those created through traditional methods because they’re made in a lab using materials that are easily available. However, these advancements in technology don’t replace the large-scale clinical trials needed to show that the vaccine is safe and effective. All COVID-19 vaccines available have been rigorously tested during their development and then carefully reviewed by Health Canada and other scientific bodies around the world.
3. They’ve been studied by researchers before.
While the term “mRNA vaccine” may be new to most of us, researchers have been studying and working with these vaccines for quite some time. For example, they have been studied for flu, Zika and rabies. Researchers have also used mRNA to trigger the immune system to target certain cancer cells.
These facts offer a primer on mRNA vaccines. If you still have questions, you can find more information at canada.ca/covid-vaccine.
The information, facts, analysis, commentary or opinions relating to trending news, appearing in articles on this website do not reflect the views of this website and its management team, and we do not assume any responsibility or liability.Regular price 350.00 ฿
Brewed with our friends from Fieldwork Brewing Co as a tribute to Mosaic, Enigma and mid-90s video games. For this DIPA we chose a blend of Maris Otter, pale malt, oats and Caramalt to give us the best platform to show off the tropical dank-juice character of our favourite hop varieties.
8% ABV
Volume per Can: 440mlNorthern Ireland Mobile Stone Crusher. Northern ireland mobile stone crusher..Mobile rock crushers for sale ireland - YouTube. crusher for hire n ireland. concrete mobile rock crusher for hire glasgow - 29 Dec 2013 details About72,000 € Primary Plant Ltd Crushers, Screeners, Crushing and Screening Primary Plant Ltd Omega Plant Sales Ltd are the leading provider of used mobile crushing and screening.
Small Rock Crushers UK,Small Stone Crusher South Africa for Sale With automatic stone crusher tractor - Concrete Crushers,Jaw tractor driven rock crusher. Mobile Rock Crushers Northern Ireland - Protable Plant.
Portable Stone Crusher From Ireland. Portable stone crusher from ireland portable stone crusher from irelandmobile stone crusher northern ireland northern ireland mobile stone crusher in india a crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks gravelor rock dust the earliest crushers were handheld stones where the weight ofthe stoneas a leading global manufacturer of. Details.
Hire Of Concrete Crushers In Ireland New Jaw Crusher For Sale. Crusher Hire Ireland Crushers. We can carry out contract crushing and rock breaking at any location using a pegson xa400 jaw crusher with onboard weighing scales crusher hire ireland crushers hinch plant hire. Online Chat Concrete Crusher Hire Northern Ireland.Home crusher machine for sale matso mobile stone crusher in Iranmobile concrete plant for sale northern ireland impact rock crusher, crusher hire northern. . Mini Crusher. Mini Crusher - Available for Hire Our mini crusher is an ideal cost effective way for dealing with rubble (concrete, block, brick etc) on site with out the.
Ballytrain Plant - Crushers and Screeners for sale in Ireland, worldwide Importing and exporting plant machinery, Crushers, Screeners and Rock Breakers.Find Crusher Hire near Northern Ireland on Yell Get reviews contact details opening hours and a service overview Search for Crusher Hire and other commercial and business services near you Yell Business Download the app Get a free listing Advertise 0800 777 449 keywords We are a professional mining machinery manufacturer, the main equipment including jaw crusher, cone crusher and other.
Screens crushers QQ CURSHER. 11 hours ago to purchase or rent recycling equipment detailed.Construction and demolition waste survey northern ireland 2001. The quantities and types of C D waste handled by the crusher screener Regulations (Northern Ireland) 1998, crushers and screeners constitute a Part B process when . was a council operated landfill and one was a.
Mobile Rock Crusher For Sale In for hire uk ireland minitouh.Ch.Mini crusher for sale in ireland youtube.Jun 03, 2018 mini crusher northern ireland mobile mini crusher hire ireland flowsheet of a rock.Results 1 30 of 95.Nov 14, 2013 nov,mini stone crusher hire north devon mobile crusher.
Mobile Crusher salt rock mobile crushing station manufacturer ireland salt rock mobile crushing station manufacturer ireland. Founded in Northern Ireland the company has been part of the RM Group since 2018 Tracked mobile screens are produced in Northern Ireland and perfectly complement the RUBBLE MASTER product range to ensure the group Crusher Hire near Northern Ireland on Yell. Get reviews, contact details, opening hours and a service overview. Search for Crusher Hire and other commercial and business services near.
Onsite crushing and screening contractor northern . Mobile crushers Excavators Rock hammers Low loaders Tippers Crushed concrete and topsoil If you are looking for crushed concrete or screened topsoil in Northern or Southern Ireland, then you have come to the right place You can rest assured that all the products you purchase from us are top quality, and that our customer service is second..Powerscreen is the world's leading manufacturer of crushers, screeners, and conveyors for the aggregates, recycling, and mining industries..Rock crusher ireland. Used rock crusher for sale ireland jaw crusher ballused rock crusher for sale.“…As I live, says the Lord, every knee shall bow to Me, and every tongue shall give praise to God.” – Romans 14:11.
This message is short and to the point, but it’s one of the most important messages you’ll ever read. I encourage you to find a church. If six strong men have to carry you there, it will be too late.One Free Class Workout First-time visitors to RockBox Fitness who are local residents are eligible for an initial free trial class. Certain restrictions apply. $22 minimum value. At participating studios only. See studio for details. Subject to availability. As with any exercise program, you assume certain risks to your health and safety by starting an exercise program and/or participating in exercise activities, and thus are urged to consult your medical professional or physicians prior to participating in an exercise program. The RockBox Fitness Class Workout is an extremely strenuous and physically demanding activity, and if you choose to participate in this exercise program, you assume these risks or your own free will and accord. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not exceed your physical limits or over-exert yourself. You are responsible for choosing to modify, slow down, or even quit a given exercise or entire workout based on your physical condition. Nether RockBox Fitness, nor its employees, agents or affiliates, make any guarantees or warrants as to the results that may be obtained from the exercise program or information and services provided during workout. RockBox Fitness makes no claims or warrants that results are guaranteed, and participants should know that even if you follow the program in full, you may not obtain desired results Actual results depend on the individual and effort exerted, in addition to nutritional and lifestyle choices. existing health problem or physical conditions is possible. This is not health or medical advice and is not a replacement of advice or treatment by a health professional or physician.When asked about Raj Kundra, Shilpa Shetty fumed, said- Am I Raj Kundra? do I look like him?
Shilpa Shetty's husband Raj Kundra has been released from jail after two months of his arrest in an alleged pornography case. The businessman was accused of creating obscene material and sharing them on apps. However, the Bollywood actress is also under the scanner and is still not spared from the questions of her husband's arrest case. While addressing the press, Shilpa was asked about Raj but this time she had a befitting reply. He replied, "Am I Raj Kundra? I look like him? No, no, who am I?
She said, "I truly believe that as a celebrity you should never complain and you should never explain. This has been the philosophy of my life." Earlier when she was asked about Raj, she said that she was not aware of what her husband was doing.
Raj was kept in.
Shilpa resumed work in August.Weekend Reading: Mosul's Troubles, the Legacy of the Algerian Civil War, and Syria's War Economy
N.
More on:
Lina Sinjab argues that the Syrian war economy, which has enriched warlords and businessmen, will make it difficult to enforce an international peace deal.
More on:TU Ilmenau researches mobile phone generation of the future 6G
To research the mobile phone generation of the future, 6G, the Federal Ministry of Education and Research is funding the establishment of four large-scale national research hubs with 250 million euros - TU Ilmenau is involved in two of these hubs.The 6G research hubs will produce innovations in new communication technologies, such as wireless data transmission and fiber-optic-based networks.
According to the forecast of the Federal Ministry of Education and Research, 6G will be the "mobile high-performance data technology of the future" and will revolutionize our communications in the next decade. It is expected that as early as 2030, the upcoming sixth generation of mobile communications will form the central nervous system of our connected lives and make it possible to transmit data more than 100 times faster than with the current 5G standard, while at the same time achieving higher energy efficiency, reliability and compliance with radiation protection limits.
TU Ilmenau is involved in two of the Federal Ministry of Education and Research's 6G Research Hubs: Open6GHub for research into modern communication networks and 6GEM for the development of mobile radio systemsof the next generation with a focus on energy efficiency and sustainable radiation protection.
Open6GHub
Extremely powerful and reliable communication networks are essential for society in the digital revolution. In the Open6GHub project, coordinated by the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence, 17 research partners are working on the development and implementation of intelligent communication networks and the next generation of mobile communications, 6G. The scientists are looking at application scenarios with very high demands on the quality and security of communication technology: highly networked production, new worlds of learning, personalized medicine and, above all, human interaction with a multitude of autonomous vehicles and devices. And 6G will also play a key role in energy policy in the future, for example when it comes to achieving sustainability through digitalization.
The new 6G system, based on artificial intelligence and machine learning, will be powerful and highly resilient to internal and external interference and ensure high availability of communication networks. In addition, the mobile, highly secure applications must also be energy-efficient, conserve resources and ensure the protection of personal data.
In the sub-project of TU Ilmenau "Joint Communication and Sensing with Distributed Infrastructure", scientists from the Department of Electronic Measurement and Signal Processing are working on integrating radar localization capabilities directly into the mobile network. Thus, the perception of moving objects and their surroundings can be achieved with a resource-saving technology, i.e. without additional frequency bands and with the existing infrastructure. Possible areas of application are road traffic, logistics or industrial automation. The "Joint-Communication-and-Sensing" technology will open up completely new applications of radio communication systems in daily life.
6GEM
In the "6G Research Hub for Open, Efficient and Secure Mobile Radio Systems (6GEM)"11 research partners under the coordination of the Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule Aachen are developing a holistic 6G mobile radio system, from hardware to software, which offers a flexible network infrastructure. The goal is to achieve a system operation that is adaptable and resilient, while providing highest reliability and extremely low delay. The newly developed technologies are intended to enable applications such as safe road traffic, port logistics, intralogistics, rescue robotics and the digital operating room in a post-2030 society with the help of digital simulations.
In the Ilmenau sub-project 6GEMini "Concepts and Measures to Minimize Radiation Exposure of the Population", which is located at the Thüringer Innovationszentrum Mobilität (ThIMo), scientists from the Group of Radio Frequency and Microwave Engineering at TU Ilmenau are researching concepts and measures to minimize the electromagnetic radiation exposure associated with 6th generation mobile communications. The current public discussion about possible adverse health effects of the 5th generation of mobile radio shows, similar to the resistance in parts of the population to the extension of power lines, that a technology assessment has to be made as early as possible. If environmental compatibility aspects and technical possibilities for minimising radiation exposure are taken into account even before the new technology is rolled out nationwide, resistance in the population which could prove to be an obstacle to the introduction of the new technology will be counteracted in good time.
Open6GHub:
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Giovanni Del Galdo
Head of Group Electronic Measurement and Signal Processing
+49 3677 69-4280
giovanni-del-galdo@tu-ilmenau.de
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Reiner S. Thomä
Scientific Advisor Open6GHub
+49 3677 69-2622
reiner.thomae@tu-ilmenau.de
6GEM:
Prof. Dr. Matthias Hein
Director Thüringer Innovationszentrum Mobilität
Head of Group High Frequency and Microwave Technology
+49 3677 69-2832
matthias.hein@tu-ilmenau.deHello friends, Thanks to everyone out there who have supported my music in the past. Thanks especially to those who voted for my last album, Don't Look Back, on the Rainbow World Radio charts for over a year!! I am working on my new CD and could use a little help. Donations start as little as $5. If you can't donate. can you help spread the word? Here is the link: Cheers! -- "For I prefer the beauty as simple as it seems." Patricia SilverbergFall is possibly the best time to visit San Antonio, TX. The temperature cools off and the weather turns mild, bringing people outside for a fun and relaxation. San Antonio’s River Walk is a 15-mile urban waterway providing a serene, picturesque way to navigate the city. It’s lined with many shops and attractions that attract visitors from around the world.
This fall, if you’re in the San Antonio River Walk area, you should definitely check out the Fall Artisan Show in San Antonio. This year’s show will be October 11–13 from 11 AM to 11 PM each day. It will be held at the Downtown River Walk near the Chamber of Commerce.
Every year, this event brings in some of the area’s best craftspeople and artisans. It is a fun event, and the artisans are more than willing to share their knowledge about their craft as you browse the pottery, textiles, jewelry, woodwork, paintings, beadwork, and more.
You can find unique one-of-a-kind pieces for your wardrobe, garden, and home. It is also a great place to get a little Christmas shopping in and support local makers. Best of all, admission is totally free.
Other Things to Do
San Antonio is a great place to visit, and in the fall, there is plenty to do. You can have an immersive history experience at the Alamo as you explore Texas’ fight for independence. This is one of the most well-known attractions and is a good way to explore some important local history of the area.
Of course, it would not be a trip to Texas without trying some excellent border cuisine. Just a few steps from River Walk is Acenar. This restaurant offers a modern twist on Tex-Mex regional dishes. It is a trendy, friendly, casual place where you can enjoy fresh Gulf fish, shrimp, crab, fresh guacamole and sizzling parrilladas. It is a local favorite and one that you should try during your stay.
The County Line is another restaurant that is located on the River Walk. This one is located right next to the Hard Rock Café. It features Texas barbeque that you can enjoy in the open air of the patio. It has a roadhouse feel, and you can even rent a private party barge.
Sometimes, you just want some good Italian. If this is you, Zocca can satisfy your cravings. It features Italian cuisine and is also located on the River Walk. It has a scenic patio on the river and features a contemporary, casual atmosphere. They also have an excellent selection of wines and authentic Italian dishes served with a warm feeling of hospitality.
Best Accommodations
As you can see, you can enjoy the River Walk Fall Artisan Show and then treat yourself to plenty of fine cuisines close to the show. When you are finished exploring San Antonio by the river, you’ll want a hotel that’s close so you can easily come back to your room for even more relaxation.
One of the best hotels near San Antonio Riverwalk is the Hyatt Place San Antonio-Northwest/Medical Center. The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, 24/7 dining options, and an outdoor pool to catch some rays and get a few laps in. Click here to head over to their website.
The Omni La Mansión del Rio RiverWalk is another travelers’ favorite. Its Spanish colonial style gives off an authentic vibe and a trip to its full-service spa is a great way to start your day off.Ocurrió en España, cuando la policía hizo detener al conductor porque no tenía puesto el cinturón de seguridad y su esposa llevaba al perro en brazos. Mayor fue la sorpresa cuando descubrieron a los chicos de entre 7 y 11 años en el maletero porque no había lugar. Viajaron así más de 35 kilómetros.
Ante el nerviosismo que mostraba el conductor, los agentes le obligaron a abrir el maletero donde descubrieron a los dos menores, que iban rodeados de varias botellas de bebidas alcohólicas.
La Guardia Civil redujo al hombre, quien se mostró muy alterado cuando le comunicaron su detención por un delito contra la seguridad del tráfico.
El arrestado es J.O.G.J., ecuatoriano de 32 años con antecedentes por falsificación.
Al parecer, la familia provenía de Madrid y los padres explicaron que habían introducido a los niños en el maletero ante la falta de plazas en el vehículo, lo que supone que los menores habían circulado encerrados durante más de 35 kilómetros.
La reforma del Código Penal que entró en vigor el día 1 de mayo de 2008 establece que la persona que conduzca un vehículo «con temeridad manifiesta y pusiere en concreto peligro la vida o la integridad de las personas será castigado con las penas de prisión de seis meses a dos años y privación del derecho a conducir vehículos a motor y ciclomotores por tiempo superior a uno y hasta seis años».
Hi there mates, how is the whole thing, and what you would like to say regarding
this post, in my view its in fact amazing designed for me.
My partner and I stumbled over here from a different website
and thought I might check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you.
Look forward to checking out your web page, this article is fastidious, my younger sister is analyzing such things,
therefore I am going to tell her.
Hello! I could have sworn I’ve visited this site before but after looking at a few of
the articles I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m certainly happy I found
it and I’ll be bookmarking it and checking back frequently!
Hello mates, how is all, and what you want to say concerning this article, in my view its actually amazing
for me.
Heya i’m for the first time here. I found this board and I
find It really useful & it helped me out a lot.
I hope to give something back and aid others
like you aided me.
I don’t even know how I stopped up right here, but I thought this publish was great.
I don’t recognize who you might be however definitely you’re going to a well-known blogger if you happen to aren’t
already. Cheers!
I got this website from my buddy who shared with me concerning this web site and now this time I am browsing
this web page and reading very informative articles here.
Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for?
you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your
website is great, let alone the content!
Its not my first time to go to see this website, i am visiting this web site dailly and take good facts from
here all the time.
This is the right web site for anybody who really wants to find out about
this topic. You realize a whole lot its almost hard to argue with
you (not that I actually would want to…HaHa). You definitely put a brand new spin on a topic
that has been discussed for ages. Excellent stuff, just great!
Great.
I don’t even know the way I finished up here, but I assumed
this post was once great. I do not realize who you’re however
definitely you are going to a famous blogger if you happen to aren’t already.
Cheers!
Hi there, after reading this remarkable piece of writing i am also glad to share my familiarity here with mates.
I got this website from my buddy who informed
me about this web site and at the moment this time I am visiting this site and reading very informative
articles or reviews at this place.
It’s an remarkable piece of writing in support of all the internet visitors; they will take advantage from it I am
sure.
Thanks in favor of sharing such a good idea, post is pleasant,
thats why i have read it fully
What’s up, just wanted to say, I enjoyed this article.
It was inspiring. Keep on posting!
Good article. I am experiencing many of these issues as well..
Amazing things here. I’m very satisfied to peer your post.
Thanks a lot and I am looking ahead to touch you. Will
you kindly drop me a mail?
Hello, the whole thing is going well here and ofcourse every one is sharing information, that’s in fact fine, keep up writing.
Howdy I am so delighted I found your blog,
I really found you by mistake, while I was searching.
Everything is very open with a precise description of the issues.
It was really informative. Your site is very helpful. Thanks for sharing!
I was excited to uncover this web site. I wanted to thank
you for your time for this fantastic read!! I definitely liked every bit
of it and i also have you book-marked to
look at new information in your blog.
What’s Taking place i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve
discovered It absolutely useful and it has aided me out loads.
I hope to contribute & aid other customers like its aided
me. Good job.
Hey there! This is my first comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you
I genuinely enjoy reading through your posts. Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics?
Thanks!
Spot on with this write-up, I seriously believe this website needs much more attention. I’ll probably be back again to see more, thanks
for the info!
Quality posts is the crucial to interest the visitors to go to see the site,
that’s what this site is providing.
I think this is one of the most significant information for me.
And i’m glad reading your article. However want to observation on few general things, The site taste is wonderful, the articles is truly excellent
: D. Good process, cheers
I was suggested this website by my cousin. I’m not sure
whether this post is written by him as nobody
else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are wonderful!
Thanks!
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have created some nice procedures and we are looking to swap techniques
with other folks, why not shoot me an email if interested.
What’s up colleagues, its fantastic piece of writing
regarding tutoringand completely explained, keep it
up all the time.
continuously i used to read smaller articles or reviews that also clear their motive,
and that is also happening with this piece of writing which I am reading here.
I enjoy, cause I found exactly what I used to be having
a look for. You’ve ended my four day lengthy hunt!
God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye
Hi there, just became alert to your blog through
Google, and found that it is really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels.
I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing.
Cheers!
Your method of describing the whole thing in this piece of writing is in fact fastidious, all can easily know it, Thanks a lot.
I want to to thank you for this wonderful read!! I definitely
enjoyed every bit of it. I have got you book marked to check out new things you post…!
Hello, i think that i saw you visited my site so i came to “return the favor”.I am trying to find things to enhance my site!I suppose its ok to use some
of your ideas!!
Hello there I am so happy I found your webpage, I really found you by error, while I
was researching on Yahoo.
Great beat ! I wish to apprentice while you
amend your website, how can i subscribe for a weblog
site? The account helped me a applicable deal. I were tiny bit familiar of this
your broadcast offered vivid transparent idea
Hi! I could have sworn I’ve visited this web site before but after looking at a few of the
posts I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely happy I stumbled upon it
and I’ll be bookmarking it and checking back often!
I am sure this piece of writing has touched all the internet users, its
really really fastidious article on building up new weblog.
What i don’t understood is in fact how you’re now not really a
lot more neatly-appreciated than you may be right now.
You are so intelligent. You know therefore considerably in relation to
this matter, made me for my part imagine it from so many varied
angles. Its like men and women are not fascinated until it’s one thing to do with
Girl gaga! Your own stuffs excellent. At all
times handle it up!
For latest information you have to pay a visit world wide
web and on web I found this web site as a best website for most recent updates.
Hello, for all time i used to check website posts here early in the daylight, as i like
to find out more and more.
Your style is very unique compared to other people I have read stuff
from. Thank you for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I’ll just bookmark this web site.
Hi there every one, here every person is sharing these knowledge, so it’s pleasant to read
this blog, and I used to pay a visit this website everyday.
It’s awesome to go to see this website and reading the views of all
colleagues about this post, while I am also keen of getting familiarity.
Attractive component to content. I just stumbled
upon your blog and in accession capital to say that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts.
Any way I will be subscribing to your feeds or even I success you get entry to constantly rapidly.
Oh my goodness! Impressive article dude! Many thanks, However I am experiencing problems
with your RSS. I don’t know the reason why I can’t join it.
Is there anybody having the same RSS problems?
Anyone that knows the answer can you kindly respond? Thanks!!
Usually I do not read article on blogs, but I wish to
say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look
at and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks,
very great article.
It’s great that you are getting thoughts from this
Have you ever thought about.
Hey very interesting blog!
It’s really a great and useful piece of information. I’m satisfied that you shared this useful information with
us. Please stay us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Hello there! This is my first comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I truly enjoy reading through your blog posts.
Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that deal with
the same subjects? Thanks a lot!
I feel that is one of the most significant info
for me. And i’m happy studying your article.
However want to statement on few basic issues, The website style
is perfect, the articles is in reality nice : D. Good process, cheers
I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your site.
It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more pleasant for me to come
here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme?
Excellent work!
Hiya!!
Hey very nice blog!
Howdy! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone
4! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all
your posts! Keep up the outstanding work!
An outstanding share! I have just forwarded this onto a friend who had been conducting a
little homework on this. And he in fact bought me dinner because I found it for him…
lol. So let me reword this…. Thanks for the meal!! But yeah, thanks for spending time to
discuss this matter here on your internet site.
Your style is very unique in comparison to other folks I’ve read stuff from.
Many thanks for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this site.
Wow, wonderful blog layout! How long have you been blogging for?
you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is magnificent, as well
as the content! issue?
Appreciate this post. Let me try it out.
After checking out a few of the blog articles on your blog, I
truly like your way of writing a blog. I bookmarked it to my bookmark website list and
will be checking back soon. Please check out my website too and let me know how you feel.
In fact no matter if someone doesn’t be aware of
Hi there, all the time i used to check blog posts here
in the early hours in the dawn, because i love to learn more and
more.
I think this is among the most significant information for me.
And i’m glad reading your article. But want to remark on few
general things, The site style is great, the articles is really excellent : D.
Good job, cheers
I blog quite often and I seriously thank you for your content.
This article has really peaked my interest. I’m going
to bookmark your site and keep checking for new information about
once a week. I opted in for your RSS feed too.
I simply couldn’t go away your website before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard info an individual provide on your visitors?
Is gonna be back ceaselessly to inspect new posts
An outstanding share! I’ve just forwarded this onto a colleague who was doing a
little homework on this. And he in fact bought me
lunch because I discovered it for him… lol. So let me
reword this…. Thanks for the meal!! But yeah, thanx for spending some time
to discuss this topic here on your website.
Can you tell us more about this? I’d care to find out some additional information.
Thank you for some other informative website. Where
else may just I get that kind of info written in such an ideal way?
I’ve a challenge that I’m just now running on, and
I have been on the look out for such info.- Leading Rental Brands
- Competitive Rates
- Serving Australia Since 2001
Bargain Car Rentals is an Australian owned company that offers exceptional customer service and high-quality rental vehicles at low prices. Reliable cars, roadside assistance, and all-inclusive low daily rates make up the Bargain Car Rentals service as they strive to provide a “no surprises” experience.
If you require assistance booking a Bargain Car Rentals vehicle, contact us.
Manage BookingWeb research regarding stake pools for crypto -- 3
Bajet $30-250 USD
There are a substantial number of Cardano stake pool operators. I need to get their contact info. There must be a database out there somewhere that lists these.
14 pekerja bebas membida secara purata $72 untuk pekerjaan ini
Hi, We have already available cardano stake pool operator contacts info database. Kindly advise how much database required to you? Kindly message to me. Thanks
Helo, i can help you out with the research you need. I can carry out this task for you very fast and give you results in a short time.. if you’re ready you can message me
I can help you out in this work. I have 90% accuracy. I am enthusiastic and excited and devoted towards my work. Hoping for a positive response. Thank you?
Dear I am able to find the cardano stake pool operators contact info. I am expert in web research, data [login to view URL] contact me by sending necessary requirements. Thanks- 1 person at Connect, Middlesbrough decided to make a commitment to Christ
- 2 of our Three13 learners found hope in Jesus
- 3 people said yes to God as part our Alpha course
- 26 of our children made a decision to follow Jesus during our Sunday morning ‘Spark’ group
So what is going on?
Well basically, we have been so impacted by Jesus, who he was, who he is and what he did for us, that we tell people about it, with every opportunity that we get! That might be at an organised event or just in everyday conversation. But along with this, we give people a chance to talk out what it means for them. You can find out more about this by taking a look at. Sometimes that is enough and people are ready to invite God into their lives. Other times, they want to chat it out at an Alpha Course, which is currently meeting each Tuesday night.
Each Sunday we meet together as a Church family. We worship God together and then our kids go out to their own age appropriate groups to have fun, make friends and learn about God. This week our children were looking at who Jesus is and what he did for us all. At the end of the session we talked about how you can decide to follow Jesus at any age. Those who wanted to, were invited to pray to God and to accept him for themselves. We caught up with this week’s Spark leader, Sarah and asked her what it was like. Here is what she had to say:
“It was amazing. Right there in the midst of fun and games and craft activities, we were able to take a calm quiet moment to talk about what it means to accept Jesus and to decide to follow him. We prayed in small groups and invited the children to join in a prayer of acceptance if they wanted to. In that moment, something in the atmosphere shifted and I just know that this was a really significant moment for so many of our children. It was such a privilege to be a part of it”.
Young or old, God is meeting with people where they are and is drawing them to himself!
18 Nov 2021Here I am
Dancer: Chris Robertson
Choreography, Screen concept; Hee Ra Yoo
Premiered May 2014
DeComposedeMotions
Choreography by Hee Ra Yoo
Directed by Hee Ra Yoo / Aron Alexander
Hee Ra Yoo combines dance and visual media. She edits all of her own videos, and enjoys collaborating with videographers.Free Water Drops Wallpaper, Clear Water Bubbles, Fresh and Clean Look By Chavez Joseph | March 14, 2014 0 Comment Free Water Drops Wallpaper, Clear Water Bubbles, Fresh and Clean Look. Resolution:1600X1200 File Size:386.70KB File Format:.JPG Download:Click To Download (Visited 54 times, 1 visits today) More RelatedWallpaper Of Star: Natalie PortmanBlue Sky And White Clouds Sea And LawnSunflower in Water HD Post in Pixel of 1600×1200, Flower Making Various Ripples, It is Indeed Great Scene, Shall be Quite a Fit – HD Natural Scenery WallpaperLamborghini Cars Wallpaper, White and Decent Car on Dark Background, Nice LookLittle Insect Image, Red Ladybug on Green Leaves, Amazing LookWhite Cosmos Flower, Little Flowers in Bloom, Incredible SceneHot Girls Picture, Sexy Girl in Earphone, Sitting by Road Side, What a Scene!Free High Resolution 3d Computer Image Beautiful Blue Sight And Its Mirror 1600*1200(8)Standing up Alone and Unwilling to Leave, She is Outstanding for Her Sweet Outlook and Qualified Sounds – HD Avril Lavigne WallpaperWar Machine & Iron Man Post in 1680×1050 Pixel, Two Robots in Forest, Searching for the Wanted One, They Are Persistent Enough – TV & Movies Post Post navigation ← 3D Porsche Carrera, Red Super Car Turning a Corner, Amazing Look Experiencing the Remarkable Change in Mercedes-Benz, Must be Comfortable and Efficient to Drive – Mercedes-Benz Conception Car Wallpaper → Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.Lamar Odom Update: Reportedly "Conscious" and "Breathing on His Own" at Las Vegas Hospital
Former NBA player Lamar Odom is communicating and opening his eyes in the Las Vegas hospital where he has been staying since he was found unconscious in a Nevada brothel Tuesday afternoon. The 35-year-old reportedly asked to see his children immediately after waking up, and signaled he was feeling well with a thumbs-up toward his doctor, while also saying "Good morning," a family representative told Entertainment Tonight.
Professional athletes, celebrities and friends of the former Lakers player and reality TV star have been expressing their sympathy and support of the athlete ever since he was rushed to the hospital from the Love Ranch, a legal Nevada brothel in operation for more than six decades.
CNN reports Odom may have been using cocaine, as well as the dangerous supplement "herbal Viagra," in the days before he was rushed to the hospital in critical condition.Customers
White Papers
SaaS Whispers
Academy
Our Story
Careers
Security & Compliance
Track GoogleAnalytics users, usage, optimize GoogleAnalytics licenses.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google. It provides comprehensive reporting and analytics tools for websites of all sizes. Google Analytics enables users to monitor website traffic, understand user-interaction with their site and generate custom reports depending on the needs of their business.
Zluri is a comprehensive SaaS Operations management platform for IT teams. It enables IT teams to discover, manage, secure, and comply across multiple SaaS applications, all from a single dashboard.
With direct integration with GoogleAnalytics, you can easily track which users hold GoogleAnalytics licenses, how frequently they use GoogleAnalytics, and which features they are using. The Zluri + GoogleAnalytics integration offers detailed usage and engagement metrics for each user in your GoogleAnalytics organization. Also, you can manage license ownership and provision GoogleAnalytics accounts for users.
Key Features:
Discover which users hold GoogleAnalytics licenses in your organization and how frequently they use them.
Identify inactive users and unused licenses in order to secure your application stack.
Understand GoogleAnalytics's engagement score through the average usage percentage metric.
Manage GoogleAnalytics licenses, monitor the amount spent , and track upcoming renewals from a single dashboard.
Modern IT and Finance Teams Thrive with ZluriThe Mid-Autumn Festival moon was full. On the evening of October 2, Hu Baosen, Chairman of China Construction Industry Group hosted a banquet at Tianzhu International Apartment. Together with all the members of the first team, he summarized the gains and losses of the first stage, put forward requirements and hopes for the second stage, and shared Everyone wished the National Day and Mid-Autumn Festival.
中秋节满月。 10月2日晚，中国建筑工业集团董事长胡宝森在天柱国际公寓举行宴会。他与第一小组的所有成员一道总结了第一阶段的得失，提出了第二阶段的要求和希望，并与大家共同祝愿国庆节和中秋节。
At the beginning of the summary meeting, a short video takes you back to the unforgettable moments of the first phase of the 2020 season of Henan Jianye in the Super League, hope, passion, gratitude, failure, frustration, growth... the happiness when scoring goals, the frustration when being captured, Some have been infected by fans thousands of miles away, and others have been hotly searched and scolded by fans.
在总结会开始时，一个简短的视频带您回到中超联赛河南建业2020赛季第一阶段的难忘时刻，希望，激情，感激，失败，沮丧，成长...幸福当进球时，被挫败时的挫败感，有的被数千英里外的球迷所感染，有的被球迷热烈地搜查和责骂。
Ivo: I believe the team will complete the task under the leadership of the new coach
伊沃：我相信车队将在新教练的带领下完成任务
As the captain of the team and the "birthday star" of the day, Ivo took the lead to speak on behalf of the players. He said that it has always been a great honor to represent Henan Jianye. Although the overall performance of the team in the first stage was poor, the captain firmly believes that all players will go all out to defend the glory of the club, and that the team will complete the goals and tasks under the leadership of the new coaching team and surpass for victory.
作为球队的队长和当天的“生日之星”，伊沃（Ivo）率领球员发言。他说，代表河南建业一直是我的荣幸。尽管球队在第一阶段的整体表现不佳，但队长坚信所有球员都将全力以赴捍卫俱乐部的荣耀，并且球队将在新教练的带领下完成目标和任务团队并超越胜利。
Wang Shangyuan: It would be a shame to be demoted while playing for himself
王尚元：为自己玩而被降级是可耻亚博买球首选的
As a representative of domestic players, Wang Shangyuan said that the first stage was very frustrated and unwilling. The difficulties have passed. With the arrival of the new coaching team, the team will also have a new beginning. As long as everyone works hard, as a united whole, they will be able to accomplish their goals in the next game. If you experience relegation during the team, this is a shame. Players will never let Jianye downgrade.
作为国内球员的代表，王尚元说，第一阶段非常沮丧和不愿意。困难已经过去。随着新教练团队的到来，该团队也将有一个新的开始。只要每个人都努力工作，作为一个整体，他们就能在下一场比赛中实现自己的目标。如果您在小组赛中降级，这是可耻的。玩家永远不会让建业降级。
Zhou Dingyang: We must unite and look forward
周定扬：我们必须团结并期待
Zhou Dingyang believes that the team did have a lot of problems in the past, but now is not the time to struggle. Today is a new beginning. We must unite and look forward. As long as the players and staff work together, the team will be able to achieve its goals.
周定阳认为，过去团队确实存在很多问题，但现在不是挣扎的时候。今天是一个新的开始。我们必须团结并期待。只要球员和员工一起工作，团队就能够实现其目标。
Coaching staff: the first stage did not fully demonstrate the strength of the team
教练人员：第一阶段并未充分展示团队的实力
As the new head coach of the team, Mr. Havel thanked the chairman Hu Baosen for their trust and introduced the responsibilities and characteristics of the three coaching staff, Mark, Augustine and Alexander. At the same time, Havel believes that Jianye's performance in the first stage did not fully demonstrate the strength of the team, so hard work is needed to complete the rebound and surpass. Compared with skills and tactics, Havel believes that a united team atmosphere is more important, and everyone in the first team must have a sense of responsibility and honor.
作为团队的新任主教练，哈维尔先生感谢主席胡宝森的信任，并介绍了三名教练马克，奥古斯丁和亚历山大的职责和特点。同时，哈维尔认为建业在第一阶段的表现并未充分显示出球队的实力，因此需要努力才能完成篮板和超越。与技能和战术相比，哈维尔认为团结的团队氛围更为重要，一线团队中的每个人都必须有责任感和荣誉感。
Hu Dong: I believe you will prove your worth with victory
胡冬：我相信你会通过胜利证明自己的价值
Chairman Hu Baosen first expressed his welcome to the coaching team headed by Havel and the club's vice president Chen Ming on behalf of Jianye Group. He said: The coaching staff is brave, responsible and responsible for joining Jianye when the club is in difficulty.
胡宝森主席首先代表建业集团欢迎哈维尔和俱乐部副总裁陈明率领的教练团队。他说：俱乐部遇到困难时，教练组勇于负责，负责加入建业。
Chairman Hu Baosen said that the coaching staff in the first stage was responsible and the players worked hard, but still faced a lot of difficulties and pressure. Jianye Football is the "three firsts" in the history of Chinese professional football. First, Jianye is the only club that has not changed investors and sponsors since the 26-year professionalization of Chinese football; second, Jianye is the only football that has played in the fourth division of the AFC, Chinese Super League, Chinese Premier League and Chinese Second Division. The club; third, the team has experienced relegation three times, but three times came back in the second year. The reason for such "three firsts" is that Jianye has always maintained the spirit of "tenacious, hard-working, unyielding, and hardworking", because Jianye is not fighting for Jianye, but for the 100 million Henan people.
胡宝森董事长说，第一阶段的教练组很负责，队员们努力工作，但仍然面临很多困难和压力。建业足球是中国职业足球史上的“三个第一”。首先，建业是中国足球职业化26年以来唯一一家没有改变投资者和赞助商的俱乐部。其次，建业是唯一在亚足联第四分区，中国超级联赛，中国超级联赛和中国第二分区比赛的足球。该俱乐部;第三，车队经历过3次降级，但第二年又有3次降级。之所以具有“三个第一”的原因，是因为建业不是为建业而战，而是为亿万河南人民而奋斗，建业始终保持“坚韧，拼搏，不屈，拼搏”的精神。
Confidence comes from unity, and confidence will generate new impetus. Whether it is Wu Yan, Wang Shangyuan, Ivo, Bassogo, the team has many very powerful players. Today is a new beginning; in the future, everyone will use victory to prove today's choice.
信心来自团结，信心将产生新的动力。无论是吴岩，王尚元，伊沃，巴索戈，球队都有很多非常强大的球员。今天是一个新的开始。未来，每个人都会用胜利来证明今天的选择。
Chairman Hu Baosen made two requests to everyone. First, strengthen communication and timely communication. Mr. Chen and Mr. Havel took over the team midway. In order to make up for their lack of understanding of the team, each player must give feedback to the coaching staff of the problems and suggestions they see. Second, club management should pay more attention to details, and make clubs develop in a more professional and professional direction through detailed management. The management of details is a kind of consciousness and a kind of ability.
胡宝森主席向大家提出了两个要求。一是加强沟通，及时沟通。陈先生和哈维尔先生在中途接管了该团队。为了弥补对团队的了解，每个球员都必须向教练组反馈他们所遇到的问题和建议。其次，俱乐部管理要更加注重细节，通过精细化管理，使俱乐部向更加专业化，专业化的方向发展。细节管理是一种意识和能亚博体彩买...Josh.0 and ZDoggMD address a sticky subject…through song!
Just Can’t Get It Up (Internet Porn Parody)
- August 12th, 2013
Josh.0 and ZDoggMD address a sticky subject…through song!
Why get the flu son? Get your vax on!
Yo, the Flu Crew kicks it Boy Band style in a joint ZDoggMD-Zappos blowout epic! Get your flu shot on!
Dr. Harry makes his triumphant return as Patient Zero—Mos Diff—in an epic rap video about the C. diff zombie apocalypse.
An owner’s manual for newborns, designed with fathers in mind. Who’s your Daddy? Probably the cable guy.
Once again, I join forces with Dr. Rob Orman of the emergency medicine podcast ERCast to rap about hypertension. Literally.
An analysis of a controversial medical topic that has absolutely no parallel to the vaccine/autism hullabaloo.
It’s a misunderstanding worthy of a Three’s Company episode — except the role of Mr. Furley is played by the bumbling Doc Quixote, general surgeon and google vaccine scholar.
Get your shots on! A musical anthem guaranteed to start a beef with the forces of vaccine denial. Hey Wakefield, watch your back…the ImmuNinja’s coming!
It’s round about time we in the medical community recognized the heroic efforts of those who would warn us against the horrible dangers of vaccinations.
Who better to teach young men how to do the testicular self-exam than Michael Jackson?
An original rap joint about the perils of over-the-counter pain medications and the ulcers they can cause. Word to the ICU!photo-dave - Fotolia
Improving the cybersecurity workforce with full spectrum development
Eric Patterson, executive director of the SANS Technology Institute, explains why it's time to rethink educational development to strengthen the cybersecurity workforce.
There have been many exciting conversations during the past year about the standards and methods by which we are seeking to effectively address the personnel shortfalls of the cybersecurity workforce. Very appropriately, a large part of these conversations has focused upon the persistent need for entry-level practitioners.
With approximately 1 million unfilled jobs in the field currently, and a projection of approximately 6 million open jobs by 2019, the focus on the front-line members of the workforce is critical. Draft NIST Special Publication 800-181, titled "NICE Cybersecurity Workforce Framework (NCWF)," is surely known to most of us, and is a first step toward defining and addressing that shortfall.
However, in the rush to address the largest need of the cybersecurity workforce, we should also consider that there is not just an opportunity, but an equally pressing need, to simultaneously consider and define the professional standards and credentials for the leadership of this rapidly growing workforce.
In my own experiences communicating with information security leaders, or aspiring leaders, I've very much come to appreciate the rapidity of the growth experienced in this field. We all likely know someone who rose up through the ranks over a period of time, building and expanding their skills along the way in the school of hard knocks. We may also know the leader who has several advanced degrees, some of which may not be in a technical discipline.
We know the leader who has superb technical skills, but may not be as equally comfortable communicating with the C-suite or navigating budgets and human resources. We may also know the leader who is a superb executive, but who may not have strong technical chops, and is sometimes at a loss when interacting with their own team.
Each of these types of leaders has a role to play, and each can be successful in the right organization at the right time. However, as the industry, training organizations and higher education focus on the work needed to create a literal army of entry-level practitioners, is it wise to leave the concurrent formation of their leadership to the emerging and shifting landscape that has gotten us this far? Maybe, but not entirely.
SP 800-181 routinely references leadership, primarily in the sense of how the publication might be used by leaders to assess, acquire, develop, measure or train their workforce. Deeper within the document, there is the NWCF category of Oversee and Govern (OV), which describes the layer of the workforce intended to provide "… leadership, management, direction, or development and advocacy so the organization may effectively conduct cybersecurity work."
SP 800-181 goes on to broadly identify and describe the OV specialty areas of Legal Advice and Advocacy; Training, Education, and Awareness; Cybersecurity Management; Strategic Planning and Policy; Executive Cyber Leadership; and Acquisition and Program/Project Management, as well as to identify the Work Role ID of Executive Cyber Leadership. The document isn't clear on if all of those skills are hypothetically embedded into one mere mortal.
According to a recent survey, 70% of respondents indicated that they felt that a bachelor's degree was a minimum credential for entry into a professional entry-level position in cybersecurity. Yet, according to that same survey, only 7% of the top universities around the world offer a technical cybersecurity degree at the undergraduate level.
Organizations such as the National CyberWatch Center, a nonprofit clearinghouse funded by the National Science Foundation, are working hard to develop curriculum standards at the level of two-year degree programs. However, it would seem to be difficult for the same to occur at the level of four-year degree programs, at least in the U.S.
The nature of the liberal arts education model, with its wide-ranging exposure to various departments, does not leave much room to move beyond the theoretical, and into the broad and deep technical skills needed by a future leader across the various fields of incident response, incident handling, digital forensics and penetration testing, let alone adding public speaking, accounting and leadership theory into the mix.
The narrower focus of graduate programs allows for more to be achieved in this direction, and the corresponding emergence of a multitude of cyber master's programs is ongoing.
Finally, as a field of technical study whose velocity of change is by no means slowing down, universities face a conundrum across all levels of education in keeping tenured faculty current in their own skill sets in this technical and fast-moving field.
Even if we solve for all of those issues across a broad landscape, how do we begin to think about the right mix of sufficient technical skills and some grounding in the softer, but frequently more difficult, skills of communication, finance and leadership? Is the industry right to expect educators to provide the well-rounded professional who is fully prepared to excel and lead, or does the industry itself need to play a more active role in leadership development for its cybersecurity workforce?
Given the ongoing pace of evolution of both the cyber threat landscape and the available tools, the answers to these questions will surely bend, and sometimes break, our preconceived ideas and our existing models for how leadership development is done in other fields. But by ignoring the sequential development of a model for producing leaders for the cybersecurity workforce, we are most assuredly consigning that workforce, on a wide scale, to years of less than optimal effectiveness, as we wait for leaders to organically grow and emerge.
About the author:
Eric Patterson is the executive director of the SANS Technology Institute. He has more than 25 years of experience in the military, government and academia. His military experience includes 20 years as an infantry and Special Forces officer, during which time he deployed to multiple combat zones; managed the training programs for all U.S. Army Special Forces, Civil Affairs and Psychological Operations soldiers, and directed full-spectrum special operations in Eastern and Central Africa. Patterson earned his BS in international relations and a minor in systems engineering from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, NY.
Next Steps
Find out how enterprises can encourage millennials to enter cybersecurity careers
Learn how to land an entry-level security position
Discover how improving diversity could help close the cybersecurity skills gapKeep the cycle going. Keep the energy flowing.
If you feel blessed today and want to give back to your community, keep us in mind on this special day.
Annual Member Report
At the close of 2020, we surveyed our members to better understand their experience and identify ways we could improve our support. The report includes aggregate demographic data, career progression insights, member testimonies, and helpful tips for tech employers investing in workplace equity.
Empowering and connecting Latinas since 2014
We are a non-profit organization with the aim to connect, support, and empower Latina women working in tech. We work hand in hand with top technology companies to create safe spaces for learning, mentorship and recruitment.
Chapters cities
Folks
Events
Our chapter cities
Join your nearest chapter, and enjoy our local meetups and events surrounded by other Latinas
Would you like to become a sponsor for our 2022 Summit?
Following a successful 2021 Summit, we are currently offering sponsorship opportunities. Don't miss it and be part of this great movement!
The Summit will take place May 18-20, 2022.
Upcoming Events
List of Events
A Day in the Life of a User Experience Researcher
User Experience Research (UXR). You may have heard the term. You have seen a job posting on LinkedIn. But what is User Experience Research? What types of work does a user experience researcher do? What is their day-to-day life like? How do you become a user experience researcher? In this panel “A Day in the Life of a User Researcher,” researchers from Adobe share a bit about their world, as well as the many, unique paths to get there. User…
Utilizing your Network & Community for Career Development
We understand that networking isn't at the top of everyone's to-do list. It can be uncomfortable and depending on your personality — incredibly draining. However, there's no denying the power a strong professional network can have over your career success. When it's done well, networking will not only help you create a strong community but will give you a competitive edge throughout every stage of your career. Join Slack and Latinas in Tech on Thursday, December 2, 2021 as we…
Launch to IBM Z…
Unleash Your Inner Leader: Lightning Talks to help you step into a Leadership Role…
Meet the Latina Helping to Build A Diverse Tech Culture at WarnerMedia
8 Business Areas Where You Should Be Using an App
Libraries and archives prepare for tense copyright negotiations in Geneva
26 June 2014 EU’s attempts to undermine the SCCR’s mandate saw them isolated from other Member State positions, and ultimately resulted in a failure to reach any conclusions for the meeting. Since then, over 100 library and archive organisations from across the European Union and internationally have signed a letter asking the EU to engage constructively in discussions at WIPO.
The International Federation of Library Associations & Institutions (IFLA) will be joined at the 28th session of the SCCR by library and archive organisations from around the world, including Electronic Information for Libraries (EIFL), the Society of American Archivists (SAA), European Bureau of Library Information and Documentation Associations (EBLIDA), Associazione Italiana Biblioteche (AIB), Federação Brasileira de Associações de Bibliotecários Cientistas da Informação e Instituições (FEBAB), Scottish Council on Archives (SCA), Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP), International Council on Archives (ICA), Karisma Foundation (Colombia) and the Canadian Libraries Association (CLA).
In addition to its interventions during plenary, IFLA will be hosting a lunch time side event on Monday 30 June at 1pm in Room B of the WIPO building, titled, “Keeping copyright relevant in the digital environment: libraries, archives and licences”.".GÎMXPORT, an overview.
Mission, vision, values…
Mission
Foster the economic growth of the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine administrative region by offering a range of services to support enterprises and organisations based in the region, assisting them with their endeavours in exports, shipping and logistics, commercialisation and marketing, commercial and industrial development, and productivity and innovation.
Vision
Be the leading regional economic development agency for all files introduced to improve the competitiveness of Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine enterprises outside the region.
Values
GÎMXPORT is an impartial and unifying organisation, attentive to its members’ needs, entrepreneurial, visionary and proactive.
Unifying :
By putting together structuring projects with enterprises that have common needs and challenges.
Attentive :
Via its mobile team, which generously shares its expertise and tailors its support to the real-life situations of the enterprises it serves.
Entrepreneurial, visionary and proactive :
With an ever-attentive eye to innovation and backed by the experience and business philosophy of its Board of Directors, whose members all head enterprises.
Impartial :
Neutral and 30% self-funded, with financial support from both the federal and provincial governments, GIMXPORT has earned the trust of business people who accept to gather at the same table with the shared goal of working to further international development.
Team
The GÎMXPORT is outstanding for its expertise, dynamism and character.
Gino Cyr
Executive Director
A member of the GIMXPORT team since 2001, Gino Cyr has been its executive director since 2011. Active in economic development since the beginning of his career, this jack-of-all-trades has notably been involved in politics and headed his own enterprise. The ball carrier for numerous projects, he has an instinct for developing ideas. Supported by his regional vision and unifying nature, he heads the organisation with dedication and efficiency, while remaining profoundly human.
ANDRÉ-PIERRE ROSSIGNOL
Export advisor
Holder of a bachelor’s degree in political science (public administration profile), André-Pierre Rossignol is currently completing his master’s in management. Rational, logical and organised, he has a fine instinct for analysis. A perfectionist, attentive and helpful to both his colleagues and the members of the Association bois d’apparence Gaspésie, a group he coordinates, he is highly efficient and has a profound understanding of information and communication technologies.
PRISCILLA DOIRON
Marketing Coordinator
Holder of a master’s degree in land planning and urban development, Priscilla Doiron is energetic, committed and has tremendous drive. As a member of the GIMXPORT team, she conducts market studies, drafts business plans, marketing strategies, and sales pitches, and prospects for buyers and partnerships. Enthusiastic and positive, she thrives on challenges that she meets brilliantly by the dozens.
MATHIEU QUIRION
Financial controller
A graduate with a technical accounting degree, Mathieu Quirion is meticulous, organized and attentive. Within GIMXPORT, he acts as the financial controller who prepares financial statements, product claims and assists the team in various tasks. He is a very patient individual who generously gives up his time to help others, the support he brings to the team is considerable.
LISE HARRISSON
Innovation and productivity advisor
Holder of a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in Wood Sciences earned at Université Laval, Lise Harrisson is thorough, determined and discerning. Making the most of her rational approach and creative mind, she can deal with the professional challenges assigned to her with an open mind. As a member of the GÎMXPORT team, she develops and implements initiatives to support enterprises in their efforts to innovate and become more productive. She accomplishes this with conviction, inspired by a deep desire to contribute to the development of the Gaspésie – Îles-de-la-Madeleine administrative region.
SONY CORMIER
Strategic advisor for Îles-de-la-Madeleine
Holder of a bachelor’s degree in Economics and studies in law, Sony Cormier has been active in management and development for public agencies and private-sector enterprises. A go-getter with a positive attitude and a strategic thinker, he is primarily responsible for projects put forward on the Magdalen Islands. He also supports the GÎMXPORT team in strategic matters.
ÈVE DUPRÉ-GILBERT
Commercialisation advisor
With a bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Ève Dupré-Gilbert takes great care to deliver results that meet objectives. Proactive, she is also attentive to details. Along her professional path, she has acquired significant experience in the fields of agrifood, consultancy services and regional development. In addition to accompanying SMEs in their commercialisation efforts outside the region, she works on files involving the biofood system and the export of our industrial expertise and technology.
EMMANUELLE DAIGLE
Exports advisor
With a bachelor’s degree in Business, Emmanuelle Daigle acquired knowledge in finance and consultancy services while working in the banking field, knowledge that has proven to be highly pertinent to her duties at GÎMXPORT. Following her arrival in the Gaspé in 2015, she was soon charmed by its scenery and inhabitants. Her creativity, dynamism, sociability and above all, her passion for the world of exports have made her a valued asset for our agency.
Board of Directors
CHAIR
Guy Pardiac
Consultant in business development and prospecting, Pardiac Consultation
Maria
Vice Chair
Éric Gagné
Comptroller, Menu-Mer
Rivière-au-Renard
Secretary-Treasurer
Jocelyn Tennier
Manager, Imprimerie des Anses
Chandler
EX-OFFICIO MEMBERS
Roger Cyr
Regional Director, Ministère de l’Économie, de la Science et de l’Innovation du Québec
Kathleen Létourneau
Economic Development Advisor,Ministère de l’Économie, de la Science et de l’Innovation du Québec
Directors
Martin Crousset
Co-proprietor, Kwatroe Consultants
Gaspé
Gaétan Denis
Proprietor, La Crevette du Nord Atlantique and Les Crustacés de Malbaie
Gaspé
Renaud Camirand
Advisor, Microbrasserie Pit Caribou
L’Anse-à-Beaufils
Éric Harrisson
CEO, Habitations Mont-Carleton
Carleton-sur-Mer
Guillaume Thibault,
Proprietor, Atkins et Frères
Mont-Louis
Nancy Thorne
Marketing Manager, Gemini 3D
Cap-aux-Meules
Partners and resources
GIMXPORT can count on an excellent network of partners and contributors that support enterprises in the region in their efforts to export their goods and services. Together, we offer our members effective assistance to help them reach foreign markets.
Financial partners
- Canada Economic Development for Quebec Regions
- Ministère l’Économie, de la Science et de l’Innovation du Québec
- Ministère des Affaires municipales et de l’Occupation du territoire
Government partners
- Government of Canada:
- Gouvernement du Québec :
Sector partners
- Agrifood Export Group Québec-Canada
- Commerce international Québec
- Merinov
- Gaspésie Gourmande
- Le Bon Goût frais des Îles de la Madeleine
- Dolbec International
- Femmessor Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine
- Imexpro
- ADRIQ-RCTi
- The region’s chambers of commerce
- Regional county municipalities (municipalités régionales de comtés – MRC), urban centres and local development centre (centre local de développement – CLD)
- Community futures development corporations (sociétés d’aide au développement des collectivités – SADC)
Background
GÎMXPORT is a unique organisation with a most impressive track record, given its great involvement and many accomplishments. It currently has about one hundred members – most of them SMEs that export products – representing every sector of activity present in the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine administrative region. Its board of directors is composed of the region’s leaders, primarily entrepreneurs.
A marketing secretariat for the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine administrative region
Spurred by the community’s determination, the organisation emerged in the early 1990s at a time when stakeholders in various activity sectors sought to encourage in the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine enterprises to position themselves on the international playing field, sell their products abroad and improve the region’s economic base. Thus was born – in November 1992 – the Secrétariat à la mise en marché pour la Gaspésie et les Îles-de-la-Madeleine (SMMGIM), a not-for-profit organisation.
In 1997, SMMGIM received a major award for its regional initiative in the field of exports, the Grand prix de l’exportation: Initiative régionale en exportation presented by the Association des professionnels en développement économique du Québec. Then, in 2000, it received the Hector Fabre Award (together with a $25,000 grant), presented by the Minister of International Relations to a regional organisation that has deployed a project with an international impact for its region.
GÎMXPORT: a name with a better fit
Over the years, the organisation consolidated its activities and its team. In June 2008, stepping up its role as a catalyser encouraging businesses to grow by tapping into export markets, the organisation changed names and adopted a new logo, becoming GÎMXPORT.
Over the last few years, the agency has completed a number of assignments to support exports, but it now also offers considerable support to help its members innovate and market their products outside the region.
An impressive track record
Here are some of the highlights regarding GÎMXPORT’s recent accomplishments:Subject: Re: [boost] Master branch open for merging
From: Hans Dembinski (hans.dembinski_at_[hidden])
Date: 2019-03-13 17:04:20
> On 13. Mar 2019, at 15:46, Marshall Clow via Boost <boost_at_[hidden]> wrote:
>
> The master branch is is now open for post-beta merges, but only as
> described in the Post-Beta Merge Policy. See <
>>
I ask for permission to merge this change to the master of Boost.Histogram:
boost::histogram::axis::variant is using boost::variant internally as an implementation detail (we want to be able to change it in the future). While working on the Python wrapper for Boost.Histogram, an ambiguity was discovered in the visit function in this design. The ambiguity is resolved by using composition instead of private inheritance, which also simplifies the code.
Best regards,
Hans
Boost list run by bdawes at acm.org, gregod at cs.rpi.edu, cpdaniel at pacbell.net, john at johnmaddock.co.ukWelcome, friends! Can you believe it’s time for all things cozy? Fall is a lovely season to enjoy our homes, so I’m thrilled to join in a tour with a wonderful group of bloggers to get inspired for the season! You’ll find links to each blogger at the end of the post. Today I’m sharing a simple “preparing for fall” project we completed on our porch recently (in our current home). It doesn’t evolve a single pumpkin yet, but it still looks so much better, I am thrilled with the result!
If you are new here, I hope you’ll join us on The Inspired Room blog and Instagram for our 14th annual Fall Nesting series! (I’m especially excited for fall this year because we are moving to a cute little house on an island! Ahhh! It is going to be such a cozy place to curl up by the fire, I can’t wait to show it to you!).
I find the weeks in between the last warm days of summer and the cooler days of fall to be the ideal time to fit in a few last minute house projects to be prepared for the seasons ahead! It’s fun to add pumpkins or decor, of course, but I usually don’t do that until October.
It’s a really great month to clean, refresh, paint and tend to any other outdoor projects that we probably would dread doing in colder weather! (It might seem too early to hang Christmas lights if your summer flowers are still blooming like mine are, but it’s all good. Do it anyway! Your December self will thank you for thinking ahead.)
The changes to our exterior has been like the ol‘ give a mouse a cookie situation. In past years we painted our exterior, installed a new Dutch door, added a fun lantern for seasonal decor, and this summer we re-painted our door a fun shade of blue. Plus, we added our bunny door knocker to give our entry even more personality!
It’s been so fun to see our home (slowly) evolve through each season. With fall on the way (and putting our house up for sale!) I knew it was finally the time to cross one last exterior project off our list, painting the concrete on our porch and steps! Boy did it ever make a difference! The porch looks so much fresher, I just LOVE IT! We wanted to get to this project for YEARS so we’re so happy we finally fit it in, just in the nick of time.
Look at the difference above! If you have been wanting to paint a front porch, now is a great time to fit it in. You’ll be so glad you did. And bonus, a fresh coat of paint on a porch will feel so welcoming during the holidays, as well as set the stage to make all of your fall and winter decor look its very best!
The paint we used is Benjamin Moore Floor and Patio Paint in Ozark Shadows (the same color as the interior of our Dutch door). The exterior of our door is painted Blue Suede Shoes by Benjamin Moore, and the brick is Reserved White by Sherwin Williams. You can find more of the paint colors in our home listed here.
Once we completed the porch paint, I was extra excited to put some fall flowers in my lantern! My lantern has been such a fun and simple way to decorate for the seasons. (My exact lantern is out of stock but click HERE for a similar lantern that could be hung on a lantern hook!
Every week or two in all seasons I try to update the lantern in some way, whether it’s with new flowers from our yard, greenery or any other type of seasonal decor. This time I used some faux flowers because I wanted it to stay looking good for the next couple of months as we are listing our home and selling.
And in case you’re wondering, for simplicity and cost effectiveness we decided to just keep that black porch post and turn it into a trellis for a vine! It was a simple idea, and so many have stopped by to mention how clever that was! And it was so easy, too! We just put a pot in front of it, planted a vine and have been training the vine to climb! Every makeover project doesn’t need to be expensive or complicated, find ways to use what you have!
What fall projects or decor are you working on or looking forward to around your home?
Thanks again for coming today—let’s keep in touch!
Follow me on Instagram and hang out with me in stories HERE, and subscribe to the blog HERE!Conservation
American Conservation Experience
Take an active, hands-on role in the conservation of the Grand Canyon.
Grand Canyon Trust
Help create a region where people and nature can coexist.
Sierra Club’s Grand Canyon Chapter
Support efforts to preserve the Grand Canyon while striking a balance to allow for its enjoyment by all.
Las Vegas Attractions
Exotics Racing
If speed is what you need, get behind the wheel of a Ferrari, Lamborghini, or Aston Martin. Experts will help ensure a safe, but exciting event.
Machine Guns Vegas
An incredible selection of firearms, including one-of-a-kinds, ensures a shooting experience like no other.
Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area
Just 17 miles west of the Las Vegas Strip you’ll find unique geologic features, plants, and animals representing some of the best examples of the Mojave Desert.
Valley of Fire State Park
Nevada’s oldest and largest state park houses ancient trees, petrified wood, and 3,000-year-old Indian petroglyphs.
Las Vegas Walking Tours
See Vegas up close and personal! Explore Fremont Street and learn all about Las Vegas from local residents and Vegas historians.
Las Vegas Baby Equipment Rentals
Who said Las Vegas can’t be baby-friendly? Travel around Sin City in style with full-service baby equipment rentals, including cribs, car seats, strollers, and even toys.
Las Vegas Wedding Company
Nevada’s oldest exclusive 100% outdoor wedding company with over 16,000 outdoor weddings since 1999 in Las Vegas, the Valley of Fire, the Grand Canyon, Mt. Charleston, and Lake Mead.
Grand Canyon and Area Activities
Bright Angel Bicycles
For the ultimate in freedom combined with the ability to cover great distances, consider a guided bicycle tour.
Centerfocus Experience
Do what few others would dare and canyoneer in Sedona.
Grand Canyon Hikes
Experience the textures and colors of the Grand Canyon up close. Don’t forget that the hardest part will be the climb back out!
IMAX Theatre at The Grand Canyon
See a 3D exploration of the Grand Canyon’s immense beauty where you’ll experience what is otherwise not possible on your own.
Mule Rides (North and South Rim)
Sit back and relax while mules do all the work of taking you in to and out of the Grand Canyon. Rides for both rims are available.
Grand Canyon Tours Departing Major Cities
Grand Canyon Tours from Phoenix
Grand Canyon Tours from Flagstaff
Grand Canyon Tours from Scottsdale
Grand Canyon Tours from SedonaThe most comprehensive database of all 28,329 cities, towns and villages in Canada – with linked counties, provinces, postcode areas, coordinates and more. It is ideal for website development, location lookups and data verification. Updated for Autumn 2021.Get the free sample
Get clean, consistent and well-organized data in one single download, with no need for lookups or complex conversions. All 28,329 city and town records include linked location information (including county, province, postcode area, map reference, latitude-longitude, census division, area code and time zone).
The data is compatible out-of-the-box with nearly all spreadsheet applications (including Excel), SQL databases, GIS systems and programming languages. This means you can use the data quickly and easily, without any time-consuming imports or file conversions.
You can have complete confidence in the quality and accuracy of our data. All records have been updated for 2021 using the most recent data from the Canadian Geographical Names Board, Natural Resources Canada and Statistics Canada's Census Program. The last complete refresh was on the .
There are no restrictive license conditions or ongoing fees. The list is yours to use permanently without renewal charges, there are no limits on the number of devices or users, and you can use the data for commercial purposes at no extra cost. Find out more about the terms of use.
All populated places recognized by the Canadian Government are listed in the data, with no duplicates. It includes both incorporated places (cities, towns, villages and hamlets) plus smaller unincorporated populated places. Historical and abandoned settlements are not included.
The list covers all 13 provinces and territories in Canada, with no gaps in the data..
Hundreds of software development, marketing, engineering and logistics companies across Canada rely on our city list to help run their public and internal computer systems. It's frequently used for location searches, auto-fill functions, data verification and interfacing with internal Resource Planning systems.
We use the latest official information from Canadian Government sources only. The data undergoes a complete refresh every quarter and undergoes regression testing and quality assurance checks before each release. You can download a sample or check the data with the live online search.
The last update was made on the . This release was a full quarterly refresh which updated place names, coordinates, and accompanying postcodes.Warning to pet owners after Hartlepool cat dies from suspected antifreeze poisoning
Motorists have been warned to take care when using antifreeze after a family were left heartbroken after when their kitten died from suspected poisoning.
Hartlepool mother Makayla Lund said she knew something was wrong when usually “greedy” Blu-Jake wouldn’t touch his food and began suffering from severe sickness and diarrhoea.
Makayla said: "He was looking at me, but he couldn’t see me and he was wobbling over. His back legs kept going, it was awful. He kept shaking constantly.”
She said blood tests the following day confirmed Blu-Jake had been poisoned with antifreeze and his kidneys had swelled up.
The kitten was in so much pain that the vets advised he should be put down on March 17.
Makayla said: "I’m heartbroken, because he was my baby. He followed me up the school on the school run and he’d walk home with me.
"All the teachers got to know him. Everyone loved him.
“He was such a vocal cat and he was always jumping around and playing with the kids.”
Makayla’s seven-year-old son, Kyle, has been particularly affected by Blu-Jake’s death.
Kyle sustained a brain injury after a 2016 car crash in which both he and his mother were seriously injured.
Makayla explained: "The cat was his comfort, it used to calm his anxiety and he is absolutely devastated. It was his best friend. He won’t talk to anybody and is constantly crying.”
She said a neighbouring cat was also put down in similar circumstances on March 15.
Animal welfare charity the RSPCA said: “We would ask everyone in the area to check where they keep their pesticides and chemicals and make sure they are secure and out of the way of cats.
"Making sure antifreeze lids are shut tightly or cleaning up any spillages may save an animal’s life.
“There are reports that cats are attracted to antifreeze because of its sweet taste, however, research has shown that unlike us, cats are unable to detect sweetness so it is unknown why they sometimes drink this toxic liquid.
“Signs of poisoning can be seen anything from 30 minutes after a cat has ingested the chemical, though it can be two or three days before signs of kidney failure are seen.”
Contact the RSPCA on 0300 1234 999 if you have any information about this incident.Wives And Lovers MP3
"Wives And Lovers" MIDI File in the style of Wayne New 'Wives And Lovers MIDI File' directly supports the songwriters and artists through royalties. Our dedication to producing high-quality MIDI files saves you hours of searching and editing.
Wives And Lovers | Live Band Backing Track | Wayne Newton
"Wives And Lovers" backing track (MP3 live band production). Wives And Lovers is a song recorded by award-winning singer artist, Wayne Newton of The United States. Distributed by © Hit Trax. AMCOS licensed and royalty paid.
#wivesandloversbackingtrack #waynenewtonbackingtracks #hittraxmidi
Wives And Lovers (style of) Wayne Newton Video by Hit Trax
Wives And Lovers.Milwaukee Summerfest: World's largest music festival is nonstop music with big sides of food and beer.
The sun is beginning to drop lower in the summer sky and the music is heating up Henry Maier Festival Park along Lake Michigan. I wander along from one musical cocoon to another, from the Rock n Soul at 5pm at Briggs and Stratton then to Harley Davidson at 5:30 where the stage rocked with high energy. A little further along Miller packed them in with country at 5:30 as did Potawatoni at 6 with another group playing country.
Our New Book
Making of SummerfestMilwaukee's Summerfest began in 1968 with tents and temporary stages, but today Henry Maier Festival Park offers permanent structures - stages and real bathrooms and it's open all year. How popular is Summerfest? It is the largest music festival in the world defined as ticket sales with an estimated 825,000 to 900,000 people coming each season. What's more, Summerfest is a nonprofit venture which keeps the costs down and enables the money to go back into the grounds -- which just gets better and better.
In 1987 the Marcus Amphitheater, a 23,000-seat entertainment venue opened and now hosts the top touring acts in the world. In 2006 the Miller pavilion opened, and in 2008, the Harley Davidson. More recently,. For Summerfest 2012 a covered music venue on the waterfront, the BMO Harris Pavilion, as well as a elevated covered lakeside bar greeted festival-goers.
FoodYou'll never go thirsty or hungry at Summerfest -- not only does the beer flow, but the park boasts 45 food vendors providing a buffet of local and regional yummies. Cheese and sausage, Greek, seafood, BBQ, and more populate food areas within the park. Then there are the fun specialities. A huge, eat-it-with-friends (almost) two-foot long hot dog from Martino's.
There's also La Coppa serving their spaghetti gelato -- it looks like a bowl of pasta but it's really strands of vanilla gelato with whipped cream, topped with strawberry sauce, a bits of shaved white chocolate. This was not only delicious, but fun. And yes, I ate dessert first, then headed over to Saz's Dockside Barbecue for their finger-licking good chicken. Grabbing an iced-coffee from another vendor I continued exploring the music.
It's All About the MusicWith 10 plus stages there's plenty to hear. Although they certainly have famous bands from around the country, it is still very much a local festival. There are also bands, like Steve Miller, that have enjoyed playing here so much that they come back over several years. Other bands want to reach lots of fans who throng the festival.
It's also surprisingly affordable. Although tickets to one venue, Marcus Amphitheater, are sold at an extra charge (and can be pricey), you can see all the other stages for less than the cost of a movie (kinda).
Come before 4 pm Tuesday through Friday for even lower prices. Reduced ticket prices for seniors (over 50) and children (under 10). There's also special promos for a lower price, or even free tickets. And there's music starting by around 5 or 6 so you won't feel lost arriving before the crowds. For kids, there a special children's area with a theater puppets and magicians. And for everyone, performers roam the grounds entertaining the crowds -- folks on pogo sticks, musicians, jugglers, and more. Despite both the size of the festival and its popularity, the audience is 80% from the Milwaukee area and another 18% from northern IL and Chicago. Oddly enough Milwaukee Summerfest remains a local secret. Shhh!
If You GoAdmission to Marcus Amphitheater shows must be purchased separately from a Summerfest General Admission ticket. However, reserved seat tickets for Marcus Amphitheater shows during Summerfest include admission to the festival.
Buy tickets online rather than just showing up and standing on line.
Point and shoot cameras are fine, but if you have a fancy camera you are advised to leave it at home.
For great trip-planning information go to Visit Milwaukee.
Have a comment to share? Like us on Facebook - OffbeatTravelCom and post your comment.
Neala McCartenYoung Syrian Risked His Life To Film Oscar-Nominated..
9(MDAxODc1ODA5MDEyMjg1MDYxNTFiZTgwZg004))The ScottMadden Energy Industry Update – Changes: Turn and Face the Strange
ScottMadden, Inc., one of North America’s leading energy consulting firms, released the Winter 2015 edition of The Energy Industry Update today. More than 10,000 energy industry leaders have come to rely on our inside view of major events and emerging trends to anticipate, react, and succeed in our complex, rapidly changing world.. The Solar Energy Power Association and ScottMadden recently partnered to lead a fact-finding mission to uncover the story behind the headlines. During the trip, 30 U.S. industry leaders met with their German counterparts as that country pursues a transition from traditional energy sources, like nuclear and coal-fired power, to renewable resources and increased energy efficiency
- A review of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s proposed Clean Power Plan designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants. We examine its timeline, implications, and issues in the wake of ongoing political and regulatory activity and a groundswell of comments from all sides
- A view of how utilities are looking with interest at electric vehicles, hoping to increase energy sales and burnish their brands. We examine customer and vehicle characteristics and some generic business models being tested in this growing market
- A review of natural gas prices and gas production from shale formations. We consider the latest dynamics in this market, including what (if any) impact low oil prices are having on it
“For months, indeed years, we have been anticipating major changes in the industry from a number of factors—low natural gas prices, technology advancement, and profound regulatory changes,” said Greg Litra, partner and energy, clean tech, and sustainability research lead at ScottMadden. “After being in the distance, they are now on the doorstep, and energy and utility companies are responding to these changes by testing new business models and adapting to or embracing new technologies.”
For more than a decade, the ScottMadden Energy Industry Update has served as the catalyst for strategic discussion, debate, and decisions. More than 10,000 executive leaders rely on it for the most important trends and thought-provoking insights. To download the Winter14-7628RFID-Based Hospital Real Time Patient Management System
Nellipudi.Siva Rama Krishna Prasad, Arepalli Rajesh"RFID-Based Hospital Real Time Patient Management System"International Journal of Computer Trends and Technology (IJCTT),V3(3):1011-1016 Issue 2012 .ISSN 2231-2803.. Published by Seventh Sense Research Group.
Abstract: -To create standards-based secure access to patient’s personal data and medical records by using RFID tags and Web Service with the help of hardware kit. This system uses Web service interfaces to support standard Electronic Health Records for patient record interoperability. Customers can view and update their personal medical information via the web site, which seamlessly sync with one another. Because the system is built on Web services, it is easy to update, adapt and grow. Trying to identify an unconscious patient or patient who is unable to communicate can lead to delays in treatment. With this system emergency departments improve efficiency while enhancing the level of patient care. This project uses the hardware kit to get the patient id. The hardware kit will send the patient id to the serial port of the system. Hence tracking and monitoring of patients, their case sheets and medical equipments can be efficiently carried out. However, the reality of RFID adoption is far behind earlier expectation. This study reviews the literature on RFID applications in healthcare based on a formal research framework. We aim to identify current opportunities, potential benefits and adoption barriers. Our study shows that most care providers indicated that RFID to be functional and useful in asset tracking and patient identification. Major barriers to RFID adoption in healthcare include prohibitive costs, technological limitations, and privacy concerns. Although RFID offers healthcare practitioners advantages to enhance clinical practice, better designed RFID systems are needed to increase acceptance and proper use of RFID in healthcare.
References-
[1] ANS 2 HIBC Health Industry Barcode Supplier Labelling Standard.
[2] Calvin, John. “Joint Automotive Industry Statement on EPC.” March 2 006.EHIBCC TC, “ISO powered HIBC RFID solution,” January 2004.
[3] EPCglobal Object Naming Service, Version 1.0 – EPCglobal Ratified Specification. October 4, 2005. Gaunter, Erich. IBM. Frankfurt, Germany. Messing, Dr. Olaf. ASICON. Tokyo, Japan.
[4] Niemeyer Stein, Werner. Niemeyer Stein Engineering. Bremen, Germany.
[5] Oehlmann, Dr. Heralds. “What is a smart label?” September 2002.
[6] Woods, J. “Strategic Planning SPA-23-1513: Prepare for Disillusionment with RFID.” June 29, 2004.
[7] ISO/IEC 18000-x. “RFID Air Interface Protocols.” ISO/IEC 15961,2. “RFID Data Protocol.” ISO/IEC 15963. “RFID Unique Tag ID.” Valider, Guenther. Interactive Logistics Consulting. Milan, Italy.
Keywords—RFID, Electronic Health Record, Tracking, Monitoring, Healthcare.Fellow remarkable women,
As the seasons change, so too does the political climate in Australia. More and more women are speaking up about the injustices they are suffering from the leaders of our country - shining a spotlight on the prevalent issues plaguing the halls of Parliament House. That said, there’s also still plenty to celebrate, so let’s talk about NSW’s free period product plan, Women’s History Month, and the #PrivilegeTax Initiative!
Australian Parliament’s problem with women
As all of you know, the Australian Government has been under heavy fire the past few days. Rape allegations across the entire board have begun arising ever since Brittany Higgins came forward with the story of her sexual assault, with more women comfortable to speak out and sharing their experiences.
Most recently, Attorney-General Christian Porter has come forward and identified himself as the man at the centre of some of these rape allegations. The Australian Federal Police have been notified of a letter sent to Prime Minister Scott Morrison detailing an alleged historical rape by a Cabinet Minister in the federal government. The letter requested urgent action be taken by ScoMo to investigate the alleged rape, which occurred in 1988 before the accused man entered politics.
Detectives from Strike Force Wyndarra were due to travel to Adelaide to take the woman's formal statement in March 2020, but their trip was postponed after the COVID-19 outbreak erupted and state borders were closed.
Unfortunately, the unnamed woman’s mental health deteriorated in the weeks before she took her life. She had made previous suicide attempts. Her death means that criminal investigation into the politician can no longer proceed because the allegation cannot be tested. However, in her statement, she writes:
"This is my story, plain and simple. It's not pretty, but it is mine. And I stand by it, every single word and image in this document is true."
She then states she was anally raped by Attorney-General Christian Porter when she was 16.
Porter’s response has been to categorically deny all allegations, that he will not step down and will take a period of leave instead.
“I can say to you all, it didn’t happen. But I can’t criticise or mount a defence or cross-examination of someone. I am just not going to do that to the family of this poor woman… If I stand down from my position as Attorney-General because of an allegation about something that simply did not happen, then any person in Australia can lose their career, their job, their life’s work based on nothing more than an accusation that appears in print.”
Now, I’d like to remind everyone that this is not the first time Porter has been accused of abusing his power. His university cohort confirms he treated women as “jokes” and would ridicule their appearance. In a Four Corners report last year, he was accused of being deeply sexist, a misogynist, and having an affair with a junior staffer. In the same report, former Liberal advisor Rachelle Miller said she had been accosted by a drunk Porter following a parliamentary event. Barrister, Kathleen Foley, who has known Porter for the majority of her life, has said, “For a long time, Christian has benefited from the silence around his conduct and his behaviour.”
Yes, the police may consider the case closed, but we’re a long way from finding any sort of closure in the public sphere. Something is deeply rotten in the state of Australian politics. Our political leaders make decisions that are, in part, based on their own beliefs and moralities – decisions that affect the lives of every Australian. And, when those beliefs and moralities are skewed, when they perpetuate a culture of abuse and assault against women, it’s no surprise then that Australian women are suffering.
As Senator Sarah Hanson-Young has stated, the issue is not resolved.
“There is a real sense out there in the community that issues like this need to be taken much more seriously.”
We need an independent inquiry, and we need drastic change to the policies and mentalities of our nation’s leaders. We need tougher standards that must be enforced. If ScoMo wants us to in his words of sexual equality and the support of survivors, then he needs to put his money where his mouth is.
NSW trials free period products
In more uplifting news, following New Zealand’s commitment to supply free period products to young people, the NSW Department of Education has stated it will trial a pilot program which provides free pads and tampons to students to counter period poverty in the state.
While it might seem surprising, period poverty is a very real issue in Australia.
Co-founder of not-for-profit enterprise TABOO, Isobel Marshall, states:
“In Australia … period poverty does exist, whereby students don’t have access to product, but it can also just look like having to miss a day off work because of your period.”
Meanwhile, a study conducted by QUT in 2020 found that teachers would often donate period products to students at school, while girls reported using rolled up toilet paper or socks in the absence of appropriate products, and there was a general lack of knowledge about menstrual hygiene among students. The report has suggested reducing period poverty could reduce school absenteeism, reduce shame and embarrassment, and improve physical and mental health for students.
Celebrating Women’s History Month
It’s Women’s History Month, and what a wonderful month it is! Without even counting the numerous inspirational women we have encountered recently around the world, there have been women throughout history who have been making waves and championing change.
Think of Marie Curie, whose research paved the way for cancer research, or Rosa Parks, who championed for quality for POC in America; Ada Lovelace, the world’s first computer programmer, and aviation legend Amelia Earhart.
There are so many remarkable women for us to look up to – women who defied the odds and navigated the uncertain waters of history, paving the way for all of us today. If you’re interested, Nexstar Media has also put together this list of amazing reads about some of history’s most inspiring women. I’d love to hear if you have any suggestions as well!
Introducing the #PrivilegeTax Initiative
Is there anything this woman can’t do? Tennis pro, Venus Williams, has recently kickstarted an initiative that aims to close the gender pay gap. This month, Venus is drawing attention to wage inequality and urging companies to donate 19 cents for every dollar spent, with proceeds going to Girls Inc. of Greater Los Angeles, a charity committed to inspiring girls to be strong, smart, and bold.
Already, brands such as Credo Beauty, Carbon 38, Ellevest, Asutra, Happy Viking, Tracy Anderson Fitness, Goal Five, Society Nine, Angel City, Sideman Bancroft LLP and more companies have joined Williams and added #PrivilegeTax to their websites as well.
The movement is part of a new program that will also serve as a platform of resources for young women to get inspired and address the issue head-on. Now that’s an initiative I can get behind!
Until next week,
ShivaniSource: Xinhua | 2020-10-23 | Editor:苏雯芊
Children wash their hands at a China-donated portable handwashing facility at the Trapeang Thlan Village community pre-school in Prek Pnov district, Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Oct. 21, 2020. (Photo by Sovannara/Xinhua)
China, through the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), provided hygiene and learning supplies to 3,064 community pre-schools across Cambodia, allowing some 70,000 children to return to school safely, with better protection from the COVID-19.
PHNOM PENH, Oct. 22 (Xinhua) -- China, through the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), has provided hygiene and learning supplies to 3,064 community pre-schools across Cambodia, allowing some 70,000 children to return to school safely, with better protection from the COVID-19.
The symbolic handing over of these supplies to community pre-schools were held at the Prek Pnov district's education office in northern suburb of Phnom Penh on Wednesday.
Speaking at the event, Wu Guoquan, economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese Embassy to Cambodia, said China actively participates in global anti-pandemic cooperation, firmly supports multilateralism, and fully backs the leading role of the United Nations in the fight against the epidemic.
"These supplies are a cooperation between the Chinese government, UNICEF and the Cambodian government...to support and care for the healthy development of Cambodian children, and to improve the ability of Cambodian communities and schools to respond to the pandemic," he said.
Cambodian Education Ministry secretary of state Kim Sethany said Cambodia welcomed the provision of these supplies and thanked China for working with UNICEF to support Cambodia's pre-school children.
A child fills her plastic bottle with drinkable water from a China-donated water filter barrel at the Trapeang Thlan Village community pre-school in Prek Pnov district, Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Oct. 21, 2020. (Photo by Sovannara/Xinhua)
She said the provision of teaching and learning materials and WASH (water, sanitation and hygiene) supplies, such as portable handwashing facilities, water filters and cleaning products, is essential for the safety and health of the youngest learners.
"The ministry wants as many young children as possible to benefit from attending pre-school, and this is only possible when learning environments are safe," she said. "We hope families will feel reassured in sending their children to pre-school as a result of this critical support."
Foroogh Foyozat, UNICEF representative in Cambodia, said China has been a key supporter of the Cambodian government and UNICEF in their joint response to the COVID-19 crisis.
She said early childhood education plays a foundational role in a child's development, improving their educational results in later school years and leading to better outcomes in their adult lives.
"We are very grateful that China's Ministry of Commerce is investing in early childhood education, allowing Cambodian children to access pre-school education safely," she said.
"As the Cambodian education system recovers from and increases its resilience to the COVID-19 crisis, we will continue to work together to reimagine the provision of early education for every Cambodian child, especially the most vulnerable ones," she added.
Wu Guoquan (2nd R), economic and commercial counselor of the Chinese Embassy to Cambodia, hands over a set of hygiene and learning supplies to a pre-school teacher in Prek Pnov district, Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Oct. 21, 2020. (Photo by Sovannara/Xinhua)
After the ceremonial handing over of materials to pre-school teachers, the delegation travelled to Trapeang Thlan Village community pre-school in Prek Pnov district to observe how the hygiene and learning supplies are being used by the pre-school's personnel and students.
Im Nan, a 40-year-old teacher at the Trapeang Thlan Village community pre-school, said the supplies are very useful to help protect pupils against the COVID-19 and to encourage them to practice good hygiene.
"The materials donated to my school include carbon papers, colour papers, pencils, colour pens and correction pens among others, as well as hygiene supplies including two portable handwashing facilities, water filters and cleaning products," she told Xinhua. "This aid has enabled us to protect them not only from the COVID-19, but also from other infectious diseases."
Nan said during the COVID-19, students are required to wear face masks and to wash hands frequently with gel and soap, which are also provided by China via the UNICEF.
The Southeast Asian nation has so far recorded a total of 286 confirmed COVID-19 cases, the Ministry of Health said, adding that none have died and 280 have recovered.
2022 Cherry Blossom Festival to feature wonderful events
习近平报道专集
BELT AND ROAD INITIATIVE
Unveiling YunnanPlaylist
GiantCalvin Harris 1637891331
Easy On MeAdele 1637891131
Happy Xmas (War Is Over)John Lennon 1637890920
Waiting for TonightJennifer Lopez 1637890430
Just the Way You AreBruno Mars 1637890230
Heartbreak AnthemGalantis 1637890077
GhostElla Henderson 1637889857
This LoveMaroon 5 1637889357
Head & Heart (feat. MNEK)Joel Corry 1637889197
2000 MilesPretenders 1637888986
Cirka.
Rute
Kontakt
Nettsted:
Adresse: 30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA
Telefon: 0333 200 2000
E-post: customer.support@global.comMy Connect is an Arts-based community development programme for Asylum Seekers and Refugees living in Birmingham.
Our programme offers the opportunity for participants to connect with each other after significant displacement and create positive peer networks grounded in established communities.
We use arts practice and established community spaces in Ladywood to create safe and friendly spaces for participants to explore and express freely.
Some of the work made so far can be seen here:
With thanks to the generosity of the National Lottery Players for supporting our work.PSHCE
Overview
Through PSHCE learners develop their Personal, Social, Health and Citizenship skills. These are vital attributes that allow them to successfully manage their lives now and in the future. Through PSHCE learners will be able to develop the qualities needed to thrive as individuals and as members of society. PSHCE prepares learners to manage the critical opportunities and challenges that they will face at this crucial point in their lives.
Outline of Course Content
PSHCE follows the following 3 areas:
- Health and Wellbeing – healthy lifestyles, drugs, safety, crime and punishment.
- Relationships – relationships with others, family, workplace.
- Living in the Wider World – careers, personal finance, social skills, rights and responsibilities.
Year 7 topics include:
- Transition, friendship, tolerance and respect
- Relationships and bullying
- Emergency help and first aid
- E-safety
- Physical and mental health
- Smoking and alcohol
- British identity
- UK Politics
Year 8 topics include:
- Families and relationships
- Consent
- Prejudice and Discrimination
- Mental health and self esteem
- Drugs and legal highs
- Anti-social behaviour, gangs and knife crime
- Personal Finance
- First Give Project
Year 9 topics include:
- Mental health – anxiety, depression and stress
- Alcohol, drugs and smoking
- E-safety
- The Media – body image, relationships, stereotypes, social media
- Relationships and Sex Education
- World Issues – poverty, conflict, terrorism, refugees, human rights
- Anti-social behaviour and knife crime
Year 10 topics include:
- Social justice and human rights
- Prejudice and discrimination
- Mental health
- Body image
- E-safety
- Relationships and Sex Education
- Family and parenthood
- Peace and conflict
Year 11 topics include:
- Anti-social behaviour and crime
- Alcohol, drugs and smoking
- Relationships and Sex Education
- Skills for life and learning
Extracurricular and Enrichment Opportunities
PSHCE has many extracurricular and enrichment opportunities for our learners. We have many events that take place within school that are catered to the needs of GCSE learners such as guest speakers and events that help learners with revision and study skills. In Year 10 all learners will go on work experience which allows them to gain real life workplace experience. Career and further education advice is available for all learners and we work rigorously with learners to aid them in making choices for their futures. There are many enrichment projects that all learners at UBHS can get involved in some of this has included e-safety projects, restart a heart day, anti-bullying week, More In Common projects and Mosaic Community Arts project.
Other Details
More information can be found online at-NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER-
Dr. Ravi Batra
Dr. Batra Discusses the New Book with Andrew Mazz:
6. The FDIC has the legal authority to start its own bank, which could compete with banking giants and bring down interest rates on credit card balances from the current range of 15 - 30 percent to just 5 percent.
7..
9..FORFLOW
BAVARIAN RESEARCH ASSOCIATION FOR PROCESS- AND WORKFLOW SUPPORT FOR PLANNING AND CONTROLLING PROCEDURES IN THE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
3.1 - Context-based search for reusable components
Success in development processes is contingent on providing the develop- ment engineers with the right information at the right time. Attaining this goal is not feasible by merely digitalising information. The challenge lies in endeavoring to supply the engineer with information specific to his needs, as the costs of information search must be in due proportion to their antici- pated benefits. Hence, informing the development engineer of the where- abouts of significant documents is only a first step; in particular, an imple- mentation of easy access methods and a proactive notification regarding potentially relevant documents impact effectiveness and efficiency in de- velopmental processes. Relevant information comprises reusable artifacts as well as documents being helpful in decision situations or indicating best practises; those documents can contain results of previous projects as well as catalog items, or they can be found in publicly available sources. As supplying engineers with information specific to their needs is of para- mount importance to mastering developmental processes, numerous question need to be addressed. Was a similar problem solved in the past? To what result? What documents could be helpful in a current situation? How can manual methods, like keyword searching or directory tree browsing, be replaced by more sophisticated approaches? Partially automated methods, employed to retrieve relevant components and documents, should draw on a developer’s context, which is constituted by activities and contents typical to the process at hand. To provide a com- mon ground for inter-project searches, the notion of a task, characterized by a source and an effect document, is introduced. Within this framework, supporting an engineer working on a particular project implies looking for effect documents from other projects, whose source documents match the current project’s source document. Offering searches based on this approach demands modelling the context of developmental processes and offering a similarity search based on this context, thereby facilitating a concerted supply of meaningful information. It is this project’s objective to conceptually design and prototypically imple ment a system potentiating context-based similarity search for the product development domain. The project draws on preliminary works following an analogous procedure in the field of software engineering.I'm not sure what rock I've been hiding under, but I just stumbled upon the blog Meet The Dubiens. It is full of beautiful photos, great kid lunch ideas (bento boxes!), and fun crafts. I've been trying to think of something simple and homemade to give to a few of Audrey's friends when I saw this tutorial for bubble bath paint and knew it would be perfect.
The recipe is simple. A little tear free bubble bath, some cornstarch and food coloring and you have bubble bath paint. You can find the exact recipe here over at Meet The Dubiens.
Audrey tried it out a couple of nights ago and loved it, she didn't want to get out of the bath. And just as Jill said, it didn't stain the bathtub at all. In fact it was probably cleaner after "painting" than before. Now if only I could figure out how to mix a little actual cleaning solution into the recipe I could make my bathroom cleaning woes come to an end.
Audrey's friends are each getting their own four pack of bubble bath paint along with a few paint brushes. A perfect, simple, and homemade Christmas gift for a toddler.
Posted at:
We Did It! Wednesday at Sew Much Ado
I bet that is so fun for her, what a great idea.
You are so clever! Can you bring some to us so we can use it when Audrey takes a bath here??
What a clever idea, I bet kids can have hours of fun with that. x
What a great idea! I'll be making this soon. Thanks Emily!
My daughter would flip for this! Thanks so much for sharing.I'll definitely have to make some soon.Are animal proteins better than vegetable ones? Let’s clarify this debate that often arises when it comes to defending or attacking the vegetarian and vegan lifestyle.
Proteins are polymers made up of the union of several “bricks” called amino acids. Among the three macronutrients, proteins are those whose structural role represents the primary function, while the energetic role is secondary, unlike carbohydrates and lipids. Proteins perform hundreds of different functions in the body and their intake with the diet must be constant, as the body does not have a real protein reserve, unlike lipids and carbohydrates.
When it comes to proteins, two fundamental aspects must be considered: quantity and quality.
- Quantity: the body can obtain the amino acids it needs either from the proteins we ingest with food or by degrading the proteins present in the body, such as those that make up muscles (mechanism that explains the reduction of muscle mass during low-calorie diets);
- Quality: the body uses twenty different types of amino acids. Our body is able to synthesize only some of them while others, defined as “essential”, must be introduced exclusively with food.
It is therefore important to choose foods not only for the amount of protein they contain but also for their quality, so that it provides all the amino acids needed by the body.
Which is the best protein source: animal or vegetable? Leaving aside the ethical choice, the aspects to be analyzed are many and often cause confusion.
- If we only consider the chemical aspect, the amino acids that make up animal and vegetable proteins are identical. The difference lies in the amino acid composition of the proteins. Those of vegetable origin are penalized by the fact that they do not provide all the essential amino acids, while animal protein sources are complete in their composition and for this reason they are defined as “proteins of high biological value”.
- However, we must take into account that by eating any food we also ingest other nutrients. Red meat contains proteins of high biological value but also saturated fats and molecules that increase the risk of developing colon cancer, for example. If we ingest a plant-based food, we know that we do not bring all the essential amino acids but also fibers, polyphenols, vitamins and minerals that will have a protective effect, for example for colon cancer. So, no food has only positive aspects, but each food must be evaluated in its entirety.
- Digestibility of proteins. It is not enough for the food to contain a certain amount of protein if the body is unable to digest them and absorb all the amino acids. Proteins of animal origin have a very high digestibility while those from cereals and legumes have a digestibility of 80-90% and the other vegetable sources about 50-80% compared to animal ones. This is why the nutritional recommendations indicate a daily protein intake increased by 10% in subjects who take exclusively vegetable proteins.
To conclude, the transition to a more ‘vegetable’ dietary model does not necessarily improve the nutritional adequacy of a diet. The closer you get to a vegetarian model, the more important it is to ensure a high variety of protein sources used. While, if you opt for an omnivorous diet, it is important to carefully choose animal foods in their entirety of nutrients and try to make at least half of the proteins from plant sources.Male pattern hair loss (also known as androgenetic alopecia) affects all men to some degree as they grow older. The process can be a hit to your self-esteem, especially if it starts to occur much earlier than your peers or progresses quickly. This might have you reaching for the clippers as soon as possible or searching for causes and cures. That’s why we’re answering some of the most common questions about male hair loss (because there are plenty of myths out there) with the help of dermatologist, hair specialist and hair transplant surgeon, Dr Pooja Sharma.
What happens when we lose our hair?
Testosterone is a male sex hormone that’s important for adult male features such as facial and body hair. It acts on different organs in the body, including the hair follicles. In some families, there are genes that make the hair follicles more sensitive to testosterone. This leads to the hairs becoming thinner, shorter and less visible over time.
How does hair loss usually progress?
Hair loss usually begins at the temples, with the hairline gradually receding. Subsequently, hair at the crown of the head also starts to get thinner. In severe cases, loss of hair progresses leaving a horseshoe pattern of hair around the back and sides of the head.
How common is hair loss in men?
Most Australian men will become aware of hair loss as they grow older. Significant balding affects about one in five men in their 20s, about one in three men in their 30s and nearly half of men in their 40s.
Is hair loss hereditary? And is it passed down on a certain side?
“Research suggests that men who have a bald father are more likely to develop male pattern baldness than those who do not,” Dr Sharma says. “However, this type of hair loss is also known to skip generations.” The genes are carried by X chromosomes, inherited from the mother, which is why baldness on mum’s side also influences hair loss in men (but it’s not all her fault like some myths have made out).
Can certain factors worsen hair loss, like stress or nutrition?
“It is true that physical, emotional, nutritional and other health factors can impact hair growth,” Dr Sharma says. “Emotional stressors, sudden weight loss, nutritional deficiencies, surgery, chemotherapy, severe infection or trauma can cause hair to fall out, even a few months after the event.” This is usually resolved on its own but can unmask an underlying genetic susceptibility to hair loss.
Can frequently wearing hats cause hair loss?
It’s a common concern but infrequent wearing of hats and helmets does not cause hair loss, however, in rare cases, it can result in traction alopecia, which is a different form of hair loss.
Can washing your hair too often with shampoo cause hair loss?
“Frequent washing, use of gel or spray does not result in hair loss,” Dr Sharma says. “While tightly braiding hair in dreadlocks or a ponytail can cause traction alopecia, the problem often lies beneath the skin surface.”
Does getting your hair cut often or shaving your head makes it grow thicker and faster?
No, how regularly you trim has nothing to do with how fast or how thick the hair grows.
How is hair loss treated?
Men usually seek hair loss treatment for cosmetic rather than medical reasons. Some medicines — taken in a tablet or applied to the scalp — can stop or slow hair loss, and sometimes create new hair growth. “There is a lot of research going on with regards to the management of hair loss, and newer therapies are constantly being developed,” Dr Sharma says.
What about hair transplants?
Hair transplantation involves taking tiny plugs of hair from areas where it continues to grow and inserting them in bald areas. Multiple transplant sessions are usually needed, and this can be expensive. However, results are usually good and are permanent.
What can I do if I’m anxious or distressed about hair loss?
While hair loss is a normal part of the ageing process, for some men it can be pretty distressing. You might feel less confident or attractive, or think it makes you look older. Talking to a counsellor can be helpful if you’re feeling worried about your hair loss.Property Attributes
- MLS#ML81870173
- TypeCondos
- CountySANTA CLARA
- CitySanta Clara
- AreaSanta Clara
- Zip95051
- Style
- Price$ 1,363,000
- Bedrooms2
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1268
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Jenny Qian with Summerhill Brokerage, Inc..I
Browse Topics:
Good morning- keeping the kitten confined may help. I am confused as to how a kitten so small can have the ability to be attacking a full grown cat though. As far as introducing them, I would keep visits monitored , and go slowly.
We are already past the introduction and at first they were fine and all was well. The healthier the kitten gets the more aggressive he gets. My adult cat will not return the aggression. I honestly don’t understand it either
Hello! Here’s what has worked for me in the past. We set very strict schedules and regiments to help define acceptable behavior and safe times and zones. I think that the other very Important item to talk about is cats don’t think like us. They usually like and need the opposite of what we think they want. So. For cases like this we define individual and community zones. All cats get their own space where no one can bother or harass them. If needed cages are used. At the clinic with all of the cats coming and going we cage… Read more »
Thank you for the advice. They did well last night and Koba, my adult cat actually layed with me for an hour like he did before Stinky Pete, the kitten came. The vet said he can’t be neutered until May so that will have to wait. I say a lot that I will send Stinky Pete packing but I honestly would never do that. He is with us til I pass and at that point one of my kids will take them then.Browsing Victoria » Poultry Clubs
Maremma Sheepdogs in Australia
225 Lake Victoria Road
Eagle Point, Victoria 3878
Australia
The Australian Crevecoeur Poultry Club has ceased operations in Australia.
Racecourse and Recreation Reserve, [Harness Track]
Balliang-Bacchus Marsh Rd. {continuation of Griffiths St.)
Bacchus Marsh, Victoria 3340
Australia
Club meets monthly at 2.00 pm on the second Sunday afternoon of each month. Informative discussion on every thing regarding chooks and sustainability
Bacchus Marsh, Victoria 3340
Australia
Meets second Sunday of each month @ 2.00pm B/Marsh
Geelong Show grounds
Geelong Victoria
Geelong, Victoria
Australia
Geelong & District Poultry Club meets the first Monday of each month @ 7pm at the Geelong Show Grounds.
Secretary- Doris Loats
President- Harry
965 Macclesfield road
Yellingbo, Victoria 3139
Australia
The Orpington Club of Australia
Southern Highlands, NSW 2577
Australia
Quality Pekin bantams in black, blue and splash.
unit 2
Station Road
Fulbourn, Cambridgeshire CB21 5ET
United Kingdom
Chickenguard one of the leading manufacturers of
French.Civil Rights
Block on Trump's Asylum Ban Upheld by Supreme Court
Prenuptial agreements can cover a lot of ground, most of which is concerned with the assignment of rights to financial assets and physical property. But what about your intellectual property? Does your ex have rights to the good ideas you came up with before or during the marriage? Or can you set aside those ideas as yours and yours alone in the case of a divorce?
You can easily protect your intellectual property with copyrights, patent, and trademarks -- can you also protect it with a prenup?
Human Capital
As divorce attorney Alton Abramowitz described in the New York Times, the price of not carving out IP protections in a prenup can be high:
More than a decade ago, I represented a Nobel Prize winner who may have been the most prolific author of writings in his discipline. His spouse argued that she should share in the value of the copyrights for works he published during their marriage. He argued, however, that those works were an extension of his premarital separate property because a major component of each work was based on thinking and research that he had done well before the marriage -- not to mention, over a lifetime spent in his chosen field of expertise ... he proceeded down the aisle without a prenup and spent tens of thousands of dollars on a divorce. It was resolved by a settlement that required him to share a portion of his royalties with her for many years to come.
According to Abramovitz, a valid prenup "could have carved out the monetary value of his copyrighted materials and protected that value from the claims of his bride."
Human Investment
Law professor Orly Lobel looks at it from the other side, wondering if a spouse who sacrifices for the other's career will have little or nothing to show for it after a divorce:
[W]e should not forget that, without a spouse willing to take dead-end low-risk jobs, many new companies never get founded. And if a spouse signs away his or her post-martial rights to a start-up's intellectual property, that altruism could mean a life of unrewarding work and little upward mobility.
Like all prenups, a contract concerning marital and separate intellectual property, signed before the marriage even happens, is intended to protect one party at the expense of the other. And both sides should take the prenup seriously. For those who consider their artistic and commercial output as the sole product of their own skill and effort, a prenup can protect those ideas from a non-contributing ex. And for those sacrificing their own careers for a spouse's big ideas should be wary about signing away rights to those ideas.
Related Resources:
Meeting with a lawyer can help you understand your options and how to best protect your rights. Visit our attorney directory to find a lawyer near you who can help.Alicia Keys is pregnant again!
The Grammy award-winning “Girl on Fire” singer, 33, and her hubby, Swizz Beatz (a Grammy award-winning hip-hop artist who’s real name is Kasseem Dean), 35, are expecting their second child together.
Read more: Hollywood couples: Still going strong>
They announced the big news on Instagram earlier today (Thursday, July 31)—with a beautiful portrait of the two of them, highlighting her already visible bump.
“Happy Anniversary to the love of my life @therealswizzz!!” Alicia captions the pic. “And to make it even sweeter we’ve been blessed with another angel on the way!! You make me happier than I have ever known! Here’s to many many more years of the best parts of life!”
Alicia and Swizz are celebrating their fourth anniversary. The new baby will join their three-year-old son, Egypt, and Swizz’s three kids from previous relationships..Book your Advertisement in Prajavani newspaper online by choosing from the below various advertising options available. The Ad Rates differs for every option. We have displayed Prajavani tariff in the easiest format to book your ad easily.
Prajavani (Kannada for Voice of the People) is a Kannada language leading daily newspaper in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is a sister publication of the Deccan Herald. It is the largest Circulated Kannada language newspaper in Karnataka. The newspaper has strong reach in Bangalore, Davangere, Gulbarga, Hassan, Hubli, Kolar, Mangalore, Mysore & Tumkur.
Prajavani provides various advertising option in its newspaper. Bhaves Advertisers books advertisements for Prajavani. We book Display, Appointment Ads in PV Avenues, Tender Notice, Public Notice, Obituary, Classified Display and all other types of advertisement. You can give or publish your ad in Prajavani and Deccan Herald through us. We offer special discount on tariff rates. Advertising in Prajavani Newspaper is one of the best option to reach elite reader of Bangalore Karnataka.
Book Matrimonial, Property, Rental, Recruitment, Name Change, Obituary, Personal Announcement, Business, Lost Found, Vehicle, Services, Travel Classified Ads Online for Newspaper printing.
Advertisement in Prajavani are distinguished into three different categories:
The Ad Rates in Prajavani are different for every categories and it varies from location to location, which means the cost are low in the small cities as compared to that of the metropolitan ones. Prajavani has editions in Bangalore, Davangere, Gulbarga, Hassan, Hubli, Kolar, Mangalore, Mysore, Tumk.So, I'll start with Sweetleaf. Sweetleaf is the name given to the Stevia sweetener that Wisdom Natural Brands produces. Their marketing people contacted me pre-show and asked if I would stop by their booth. I am always interested in safe ways to cut sugar/calories from my diet, so I took a minute to chat with Sweetleaf's founder, Jim May (pictured below). I was surprised to learn that Mr. May is actually the person who first brought Stevia to the United States!
After tasting stevia leaves given to him by a Peace Corps worker, May made it his mission to bring the extract from the plant to the United States.
May immediately invested nearly all of his (and his wife’s) life savings to manufacture and market stevia leaf products and stevia extracts. Making his first trip to Paraguay a few weeks later, he wanted to learn everything he could about the native South American plant with the incredibly sweet leaves that had so impressed him.
The process involves taking the highest-quality leaves of the stevia plant and extracting their naturally sweet taste with only cool, purified water – no chemicals, solvents or additives that adulterate and cover up the great taste created by nature.
Because his company uses only water in their extraction or purification process, there is no waste whatsoever. The leaf residue becomes cattle feed or ground mulch, and the spent water is distributed to local farmers to irrigate their fields.
“Today’s wise consumers are looking for a high quality tabletop sweetener that has low calories and low carbohydrates to replace artificial sweeteners, while food and beverage producers are looking for a high intensity sweetener to replace aspartame, sucralose and high fructose corn syrup,” states May.
Wisdom Natural Brands, a leading U.S. manufacturer of stevia products, offers SweetLeaf Sweetener in convenient double-serving packets. SweetLeaf Sweetener is sold in boxes containing either 35 or 70 packets. Each packet replaces two teaspoons of sugar. Today, May is a leading expert on stevia and travels across the world promoting the benefits of the stevia plant.
For more information, visit.
Facts about Sweetleaf Stevia:
- SweetLeaf Stevia® Sweetener is a natural sweetener derived from the Stevia plant (an herb) native to Paraguay.
- Extract from the stevia plant is 100%-natural, contains zero-calories, zero-carbohydrates, zero- alcohol, zero-chemicals and zero-glycemic index.
- Because SweetLeaf Stevia® Sweetener contains zero carbs, zero calories, zero glycemic index and is 100% natural, it presents a natural solution to combating childhood obesity.
- SweetLeaf Stevia® Sweetener’s proprietary process involves taking the highest-quality leaves of the stevia plant and extracting its naturally sweet taste with purified water – no chemicals, solvents or additives that adulterate and cover up the great taste. SweetLeaf Stevia® Sweetener is the only stevia based sweetener to use this extraction process.
- SweetLeaf Stevia® Sweetener contains no chemicals like sucralose or aspartame (found in other name-brand artificial sweeteners).
- Stevia leaves are 30 times sweeter than sugar in their unprocessed form
- Pure glycosides that are extracted from the stevia leaves are 250 to 400 times sweeter than sugar.
- Jim May, founder of Wisdom Natural Brands, first became interested in the stevia plant as a sweetener in 1982 – but was not able to get it imported to the US (as a dietary supplement) until 1994 under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act.
- In May 2008, following recognition by independent scientists, the FDA awarded SweetLeaf Stevia GRAS status (an FDA designation for substances determined to be safe in foods by competent scientific research) – SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener was introduced in the US market as a natural sweetener.
- SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener is the first stevia sweetener to acquire GRAS status.
Here's a link to some recipes you can make with Sweetleaf Stevia. One of my favorite products they make is the liquid drops (pictured below). It only takes 1-2 drops to sweeten a cup of coffee and they have some really delicious flavors.
You can follow Sweetleaf on twitter here, and "like" them on Facebook here. More from the SF Fancy Food Show to come next week... including a post on Ace of Cakes' Duff Goldman!! I got to meet him!! Wheeee....Hepsia Email Manager
Hepsia's Email Manager is an all-embracing mail management tool, which will grant you total authority over your email mailbox accounts and email campaigns. With this easy-to-navigate interface, you can create a brand new e-mail box in no time and administer its settings easily. Besides, you can forward electronic mails from one email mailbox account to another, set up email filters, create auto-reply messages and guard your email box accounts against spam messages.
Anti-Spam Protection
We have server-side anti-spam filtering software, so you can defend all your mailbox accounts against junk mails. You can also change the anti-spam protection level from 'Very Low' to 'Very High' to make certain that no undesired messages will find their way into your e-mail box. Your mail messages will be filtered out on the basis of their spam score. You can also choose whether an email message flagged as spam should be erased or forwarded to a given mailbox.
Email filters are great for sorting your incoming messages according to certain criteria defined by you. Setting up e-mail filters is very easy - all you have to do is fill in a simple form and your mail filter will be activated and will take effect immediately. You can swiftly set up a mail filter for any of your e-mail accounts and set the email filtering criteria according to your desire.
You can easily redirect your incoming email messages from one mailbox to another, or even to a number of other mailboxes. Simply select the email account you would like to redirect messages from, then choose the destination e-mailbox and select if you wish to keep a copy on our servers.
Auto-Configuration Options
With the Email Manager, you can quickly set up the email client of your liking to access your email accounts. Simply navigate to the Auto-Config column next to the e-mail box account you wish to set up on your desktop PC or mobile phone and click on the e-mail client that you would like to use (Microsoft Outlook, Outlook Express, Mozilla Thunderbird or Apple Mail). Then a file will be generated for you. Drag the file to your mail client and the new email mailbox will be configured in a minute.
More Features
With the Email Manager, working with multiple email box accounts simultaneously is a breeze. The Email Manager graphical user interface will also enable you to quickly create an autoresponder message - enter the message you want people to notice and our system will take care of everything else. And if you would like to set up a catch-all email mailbox - you can do that with a mere mouse click on the Catch-all icon.Universität Basel
3
H index
2
i10 index
84
Citations
Articles
17
Papers
7 years (2013 - 2020). See details. Cites by year: 12 Journals where Reto Odermatt has often published Relations with other researchers Recent citing documents: 31. Total self citations: 8 (8.7 %)
EconPapers Author's homepage
Permalink: Updated: 2021-11-20 RAS profile: 2020-08-15 Missing citations? Add them Incorrect content? Let us know
Works with:
Stutzer, Alois (10)
Powdthavee, Nattavudh (2)
Lekfuangfu, Warn Nuarpear (2)
Authors registered in RePEc who have co-authored more than one work in the last five years with Reto Odermatt.
Is cited by:
Meier, Armando (8)
Powdthavee, Nattavudh (5)
Frey, Bruno (4)
Wooden, Mark (4)
Hamermesh, Daniel (4)
Binder, Martin (3)
Graham, Carol (3)
Siedler, Thomas (3)
Moschion, Julie (3)
O'Connor, Kelsey (3)
Cites to:
Stutzer, Alois (50)
Clark, Andrew (30)
Frey, Bruno (20)
Frijters, Paul (13)
Shields, Michael (11)
MacCulloch, Robert (10)
de New, John (10)
Kahneman, Daniel (9)
Georgellis, Yannis (9)
O'Donoghue, Ted (9)
Di Tella, Rafael (9)
Full description at Econpapers || Download paper
CitEc is a RePEc
service, providing citation data for Economics
since 2001. Sponsored
by INOMICS. Last
updated March, 2
2021. Contact: CitEc TeamFor those of you wondering if I ever made it to the Cavalli collection's opening day at H&M in the Beverly Center, the answer is no. Just to be safe, I called the shop before leaving that afternoon and was told that every single piece was sold within the first two hours.
Some ladies actually camped out! Stuff was literally up on Ebay the same day. Read the pissed Pussycat rants here.
Thankfully, I did get a li'l leopard fix though. Billion Dollar Babes, at Quixote Studios in WeHo was the same day, and I scored a nifty Petro Zillia animal print sweater for 50 bucks, along a pink P.Z. wool suit and some Chloe pants (for 80 smackers!). If you're a label whore with medium deep pockets, BBB is a buy, buy, buy. Become a babe here.
More retail revelry was had at Paper mag's 25 Hour Dept. Store on 3rd and La Brea that night. Part of the New York pub's annual week-long series of events in LA, it was quite the shop hop, as was the 80s dance class hosted by Jeremy Scott and Paris boutique Collette the night before. You can read about all the festivities in this week's Nightranger but for now I'll leave you with this photo of the fashionably freaky fete. It was a real Thriller.[
Top
]
Contributors (in no particular order):
Craig Cockburn
Godfrey Nolan
Sean Kelley
Jeff Inglis
Colin Wilson
Frank Maloney
Lorraine MacDonald
Chris Brady
Caoimhin O Donnaile
Jack Campin
Michael Campbell
Shawn Mehan
Kev Robinson
Sharon Israel
Paul O'Kane
Bruce Hood
Liam Ferrie
Ken McDougall
James G. Dilmore
Stephanie Schmidt
Konrad A. Vasterman
Tony Killeen
Bill Grantham
Liam Greenslade
Phil Irwin
Barry Flanagan
Padraig Murphy
Mike Maxwell
Michael McGrath
Jim Jackson
Antoin O Lachtnain
plus many others who have sent me minor corrections and comments. Sorry if I left out anyone, it's been a complex process gathering and collating all the information - if anyone submitted material and didn't get mentioned above, then please contact me at godfrey@iol.ie for a mention in the next edition.Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo on Wednesday urged voters to reject a ballot question that would replace the city’s police department, saying it would do nothing to address the issues laid bare with the death last year of George Floyd.
Voters will decide Tuesday whether to approve a new public safety unit that would take “a more comprehensive public health approach” to policing. The ballot question would also drop a required minimum number of police officers and give City Council members more oversight of police.
Opponents have said the proposal is vague, with no specific plan for the replacement, and Arradondo took up the theme in his remarks.
.The website with the homepage "Domain Parking And Management" provides content on the pages Internet Marketing Services, Web Promotion and Local Online Advertising. In the following table you'll find the 8 most important pages of Websitedesignswiltshire.co.uk:
Information about Websitedesignswiltshire.co.uk on Wikipedia the free encyclopedia: A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy, authority, or control on the Internet. read more
A Apache server hosts the websites of Websitedesignswiltshire.While, J.[James]
Co Author Listing * Current Configuration of the OSTIA System for Operational Production of Foundation Sea Surface Temperature and Ice Concentration Analyses, The
While, Z.
Co Author Listing * SceneGraphNet: Neural Message Passing for 3D Indoor Scene Augmentation
Whillock, R.P.
Co Author Listing * Occlusion-Sensitive Matching
Index for "w"Webroot Mobile for iOS
Support for our iPhone and iPad apps
- 257 Topics
- 793 Replies
257 Topics
Article How do I add an iOS device to the mobile security area of the online console?
QuestionI am unable to add my iPhone as a device. I have the apps on the phone and I can access them. Why don't they show up in the console? AnswerYour iOS device will not show up under mobile security tab in your online account area. This is because that tab is reserved for the mobile anti-vi......
cant get webroot on my phone even with the upgraded plan for 3 devices. why?
i thought i got the upgraded plan but its not registering as such. ive been downloading webroot apps on my iphone 5 and trying to register it with my computer online but its not working out. i dont know what im doing wrong, or does it think i have a lower plan for some reason
sent
Hello, Du you have a service that calls without notifying first online?I find suspicuos 8883871685
Hello, I want to know why someone called and alot sound in background typically for sales pitches. I want to know is this a legitimit Webroot call ?? this guy wants to get into ny computer, I find it suspicous and he did not identify himself to begin witj, I had to ask...
Login to the community
No account yet? Create an account
Enter your username or e-mail address. We'll send you an e-mail with instructions to reset your password.While visiting Rick and Alex’s new place I took the afternoon to explore Valley Forge. I learned a lot about the encampment and the hardships the troops faced during the winter (1777- 78). The day I visited was cold, windy and cloudy but it seem inappropriate to complain about 20 degree weather when you’re standing on the ground where thousands of people suffered with little food or clothing.
I learned Valley Forge was not a battlefield but an encampment where 12,000 of the Continental Army stayed while the British controlled Philadelphia. It was also interesting to learn it wasn’t so much the cold that killed, but the disease in the warmer months that claimed more lives.
Flag flying in front of the visitor center at sunset
National Memorial Arch
Washington Memorial Chapel- Grieving Mothers, 1914
View from the Chapel looking out over Valley Forge
Cannon at the Waterman Monument
Waterman Monument was dedicated in 1901 by the Daughters of the American Revolution
Trackback link:Inside the Lightning: Playoff Hockey to debut on Wednesday nightby Staff Writer / Tampa Bay Lightning
On Wed., July 15, at 8:00 p.m., FOX’s Sun Sports, the regional television home of the reigning Eastern Conference Champion Tampa Bay Lightning, will premiere a brand new episode of "Inside the Lightning" looking back at the Bolts historic run through the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Featuring exclusive post-season interviews with Lightning players Steven Stamkos, Tyler Johnson, Ben Bishop, Victor Hedman, Ryan Callahan, Anton Stralman and Alex Killorn, along with Head Coach Jon Cooper and General Manager Steve Yzerman, “Inside the Lightning: Playoff Hockey” provides a perfect retrospective on the 2014-15 season that captivated the hearts of Lightning fans everywhere.
The must-watch episode follows a look at the team’s run through the Stanley Cup Playoffs by round. An opening series versus the Detroit Red Wings sparked the team and helped set the tone on what it took to win playoff hockey. It was Ben Bishop’s first playoff series and his first playoff series win. Round two was the grudge match against the Montreal Canadiens, who swept the Bolts in the first round a year ago. Revenge was sweet as the Lightning surged to a 3-0 lead in the series before wrapping things up in Game 6 against Hart and Vezina Trophy-winning goalie Carey Price . The Eastern Conference Final versus the New York Rangers featured a hat trick from Tyler Johnson and two shut outs by Ben Bishop before a Game 7 for the ages. Many players and coaches considered Game 7 the best game the Lightning played in the playoffs overcoming the fact that the Rangers had never lost a playoff Game 7 at home in their history.
A Stanley Cup Final showdown with the Chicago Blackhawks ultimately provided the team with an unforgettable experience and cleared a path for many successful seasons to come for the young, driven team.
Re-Air Schedule:
Fri 7/17/2015 10:30 p.m.
Sun 7/19/2015 5:00 p.m.
Mon 7/20/2015 10:30 p.m.
Fri 7/24/2015 10:30 p.m.
Mon 7/27/2015 10:30 p.m.Zultys
May 15th, 2013 by William Wentowski
BTS Technologies is a proud partner with Zultys, allowing us to bring our customers a premiere, customizable IP Telephony solution. Our Zultys solution is easily scaled to fit the needs of most businesses and has a variety of benefits to offer your business!
Here at BTS Technologies we strive to provide quality material, trouble free installation and total communication services at a fair and competitive price that will allow us to maintain our business with quality employees.
Posted in: UncategorizedIntroducing Turnitin at WSU
What is Turnitin?
Turnitin is the global leading software for preventing plagiarism and delivering comprehensive feedback on students’ written work. Turnitin consists of three integrated tools: originality checking, online grading and peer review..China Good Quality Cement Clinker Grinding Plant by Chaeng, Find details ... production technology, achieve the goals of high quality, clean state, low cost, and ... Cement production adopts the form of bag packaging and bulk packaging, can...Get price
Zhengzhou High-tech Zone, China ... Cost Of Clinker Grinding And Cemen Packing Plant ... 200 tpd huizekeunen. project cost of 200 tpd clinker grinding unit . ms shivshakti cements is planning to set up 200 tpd clinker andor cement proposed...Get price
Clinker Grinding Production Line From China Mining ... if the crushed stone unit is set up near the quarries where the granite boulders of various sies are stone grinding mill ... Get fresh price quote on Made in China Mining Equipment incl.Get price
to make finished cement, or clinker-grinding plants that intergrind clinker ... constituents (calcination), and form cement minerals (clinkerization) (Greer et ... around the world, e.g. Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Japan and Thailand} China clinker price - Alibaba.com price
We have mini grinding plant india sale,¤ Mini Cement Plant Ask for Price ... can encourage small entrepreneurs to establish small cement plant in rural area to ... of suppliers are China, India, from which the percentage of mini cement grinding...Get price
Clinker Grinding Unit at Best Price in IndiaClinker Grinding Unit Ask Price Jai Energy ... for cement production is as low as 6 per tonne in China as opposed to 30 per ... Typical cost to set up a clinker grinding unit typical cost to set up a clinker..} designing of a cement grinding process line - Toro Toro price
professional cement clinker grinder mill supplier in alibaba ... China Cement Clinker Grinding Ball Mill Manufacturer In Gujarat With Competitive ... Materials ground The hardness of clinker is important for the energy cost of the grinding ... we also provide SCM ultrafine mill,the ultrafine mill may be set up right because the...Get price
1 Feb 2007 ... China has witnessed a rapid growing rate in slag grinding and the ... Between 1997 when the first VRM GGBS plant was set up at Baosteel, Shanghai ... Table 2: Slag grinding plants run by non-cement manufacturers in China...Get price
China Complete Cement Clinker Grinding Plant Unit Factory Price, Find details about China ... As rotation continues, steel balls inside the drum compartment are lifted up as high as centrifugal ... Easy to adjust the fineness of grinding products.Get price
Home > concrete clinker grinding plant in india 1 ... mining of limestone prospect of setting cement industries in india on jv · china mineral processing ... iron ore crushing plant setup cost in indiaitaly crusher · machinery for iron ore mining...Get price
11 Dec 2019 ... Henan province saw a run on cement prices in November 2019 that ... a mill with the caption 'all the plants are like this, don't ask the price ... At the same time demand for cement from real estate and infrastructure sectors picked up in the ... highest level in 2018 and also setting the highest price since 2011.Get price
Small Cement Grinding Mill Small Cement Plant ... C&M equipment are built to last and are backed up with service and support, helping ... Fill this form to connect with us ... penjual raymond mill r3 di jakarta · how much it costs build cement plant ... 201 Huaxiasanlu road, Pudong new distric, Shanghai, China; Phone: +(86)...Get price
Increasing Thermal Substitution Rate (TSR) in Indian cement plants to 25.3% . ... India is the world's second largest cement producing country after China. ... Raw Mill. ( For limestone with a moisture content of more than 5% and hardness ... higher wear resistance, lower material build-up and effects of erosion, better speed....algo-title-news{font-size:18px;font-weight:normal;color:#1603a1;line-height:23px;text-decoration:none} Peak cement‐related CO2 emissions and the changes in ... [//]8 Feb 2019Get price
We have set up a team with hundreds of technical engineers to resolve a series of problems during project consultation, on-site surveys, sample analysis, program design, installation, commissioning and maintenance guidance.If you cannot see the image above you need to install Java Virtual Machine
For more information about the planets, check out our Solar system article.
Public Web Stats
Last Updated :
Monday, January 15, 2021
All content is Copyright © EAAS, authors and images.The East Antrim Astronomical Society is based in Ballyrobert, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.FREE HOLD, well maintained family home sits on a 80 x 173.45/168.3 (13,672 sqft) lot in the prestigious University Lands. This close to 2900 sqft home has a spacious living and dining rooms, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. The lower floor features three guest bedrooms, bathroom, plus recreation room. In 2018 the owner spent around $80K to renovate the home with newer roof, furnace, flooring, kitchen, appliances and bathrooms. Unobstructed view of Jim Everett Park, walking distance to UBC, local restaurants, grocery stores, coffee shops, and University golf course. (id:32672)
Winnie Chung
Personal Real Estate Corporation
(604) 266-8989
(604) 263-3803Creating a new account is quick and easy.
Cheers,
Matt, Jonette, Mark, Brian, & Monique
Click for our TOP 12 Case
(Includes 1 bottle of each of the below wines)
$340.00 /case
2018 Willamette Valley
Pinot Noir
91 Wine Enthusiast
The owner is a former San Diegan and a long time customer of our store. So happy to be able to promote this delicious and great value Oregon Pinot Noir.
Juicy cranberry, plum and earthy notes with hints of spice on the long, elegant finish.
2017
Del Comune di Serralunga D'Alba
Barolo
From an article 2 years ago in Forbes:.
One of the great value Barolo offers of the year!
Elegant and well-structured with red fruit, violets and earthy notes on the long finish.
~Mark's Top Pick~
Bodegas Y Vinedos Artadi
2018 Rioja
VINAS DE GAIN
Tempranillo
93 Wine Advocate
This wine has incredible depth and balance. Fine tannins and a fresh fruit flavor.
100% Tempranillo.
Jerome Chezeaux
From an outstanding producer! The wine represents a fantastic value. layers of Burgundian goodness with earthiness, dusty cherry and hints of mushroom and spice.
Jeff Cohen Cellars
2017 Russian River Valley
SWEETWATER SPRINGS
Zinfandel
95 Jeb Dunnuck
Classic Zinfandel packed with blue fruits, white pepper and cedar.
~Brian's Top Pick~
Poggio Antico
2016 Tuscany
Brunello di Montalcino
95 Wine Advocate
A pure and classic expression of the vintage with bright fruit tones, wild cherry, toasted nut, blue flowers and forest floor.
Ponzi Vineyards
2017 Willamette Valley
LAURELWOOD DISTRICT
93 Wine Spectator
Big Table Farm
2019 Willamette Valley
92 Wine Spectator
Year in and year out one of my favorite Pinot Noirs from the Willamette Valley. The wine always has a sense of place and balance that is just special. Once again they have produced an outstanding Willamette Pinot Noir.
A lovely bouquet of violet and strawberry blossom flavors giving way to elegantly layered cherry and tarragon flavors.
~Matt's Top Pick~
J. Dusi
2019 Paso Robles
Pinot Grigio
This warm climate white wine speaks to the sunlight and warmth of California's Central Coast. Its bright lychee and tart tropical
fruits are balanced by its acidity on the mid-palate, tailed by a lingering apricot
finish. This clean, crisp white wine is aged
in stainless steel to showcase the bright
fruit and natural of Pinot Grigio.
~Monique's Top Pick~
Domaine Le Galantin
2020 Bandol
Rose
Ramey
2018 Russian River Valley
Chardonnay
93 Wine Advocate
93 Jeb Dunnuck
The medium-bodied palate offers intense ripe fruits in a seamless, silky package as it finishes long and lush.
McPherson Wine Co.
2018 Victoria
MWC
Shiraz/MourvedreWe’ve added a few new features to our Club Tool to make your life easier. As always, we have YOU to thank for these new features. Your feedback makes us a better company, so thank you for continuing to share your thoughts and ideas with us here at PlanHero.
New Member Bulk Upload
Rather than entering your new member information one-by-one, you can now use our Bulk Upload feature to upload a large number of new member information at once.
- Click the Members tab
- Click Add Members (NOTE: If you’ve already added some members, click on QUICK ADD to reach the Bulk Upload feature)
- Click on +Add Members in Bulk
- Paste names and email addresses separated by commas into the field
- Check the box to verify you have added only members who are 13 years of age of older
- Check the box if you want to Invite the members to join now (when you click the Save Members button). If you want to invite them later, then do not check the box. You can invite them later under the Pending tab under the Members tab.
- Click the Save members button
Optional Date of Birth Field
If you are inviting adults to join a Club, you may not want to require that they populate the Date of Birth field. You can now disable this required field. After following the steps below, the Date of Birth field will not be displayed.
- Click on the Club Settings icon
- Uncheck the Make date of birth mandatory box
- Click the Save button
Optional Add Contacts
You may not want Club Members to add Contacts to their member profile. Why? Because the Contacts will have access to Club Events.
Here’s how to disable the ability for Members to add Contacts:
- Click on the Club Settings icon
- Uncheck the Allow member to add contacts box
- Click the Save button
Questions? Please reach out any time. We are happy to help!The phrase rule of three is a Rorschach test. When people hear it, it can conjure an array of disparate guidelines. Celebrity deaths. Rhetorical technique. Aesthetic pleasure. Free markets. Joke writing. There are so many rules of three across disciplines and superstitions that the concept requires its own disambiguation page on Wikipedia, which lists 17 different options.
Some of those rules are more important than others. Pilots have one for landing airplanes that advises descending 1,000 feet every three miles to ensure that the plane doesn’t drop too quickly for passengers to adjust to changing cabin pressure. Outdoors-people use one as a guide for how long people can usually stay alive in extreme conditions: three minutes without oxygen, three hours without shelter, three days without water, and three weeks without food. More broadly, groupings of three pop up everywhere: the Holy Trinity, the three branches of the U.S. government, the number of data points required to determine an unknown location, the number of partners needed to corner people at a party to talk about polyamory.
Relatively little is known about why people enjoy and invoke triads so frequently. But after more than a decade of personal research, I’d like to present a new rule of three for your consideration: If you work at a desk in an office, three desk beverages is the ideal number to keep by your side. The first is water. The second is a source of caffeine. The third is something fun—a juice, a soda, a glass of wine on Friday afternoon (if your office is like that), a kombucha (if you are like that).
The case for having any beverages at your desk in the first place is one of basic human biology. Your mom was right when she told you to drink some water: Mild dehydration isn’t a notable health risk, but the spotty research done on the topic suggests that being thirsty is distracting. Slaking that thirst might help you return to your spreadsheets and get out of the office on time. Even if you’re not thirsty, people tend to report feeling more alert after having some water. Water is the foundation of your beverage kingdom.
And then there’s caffeine. Research has shown that it improves alertness in moderately sleepy people—for instance, those who underestimated the size of their sandwich and are now slowly slipping into a food coma at their desk. Maybe you stayed a little too long at happy hour last night and need a coffee to help ease your headache. Or maybe you’ve just been riding around on the planet with the rest of us for long enough that you need a Diet Coke on a spiritual level. Add it to the lineup.
Completing the desk-bev triumvirate is where the magic happens. A third beverage is your wild card, a chance for a little bit of random pleasure in a period of the day that is otherwise not your own. One of the reasons people go so wild for random snacks in the workplace is that popcorn or cookies allow a moment of disengagement from work that feels autonomous. Since water and coffee are the only drinks many workplaces provide, tracking down a third can be an excuse to leave the office for a moment, even if it’s just to run to the nearby corner store. Small, regular pleasures have real psychological value in any part of life. During the workday, acquiring a mango seltzer or green juice can return some humanity to the cubicle farm.
It probably isn’t a coincidence that three is my personal sweet spot, according to Kurt Carlson, a marketing researcher at the College of William & Mary’s Raymond A. Mason School of Business. As far as I can tell, he’s the only person who has done significant research into why and how human brains sort things into groupings of three. “People believe they’re observing something special when they see the third instance of it happen,” he explains. “After making three shots in a row, the person’s hot, and four doesn’t make them more hot. If you miss three traffic lights in a row, the world’s out to get you.”
Carlson references shots because he began his research by looking at data from the Philadelphia 76ers basketball team. He found that when players make or miss three shots in a row, both they and their competitors believe that they are on a streak, which actually changes the probability of a player making or missing the next shot. If a guy is hot, he is “going to take shots that he shouldn’t take, the defense is going to double-team him, his teammates are going to force him the ball in places they shouldn’t have forced him the ball,” Carlson explains. Counterintuitively, that makes a player with “hot hands” less likely to make a fourth shot than under baseline circumstances. The inverse also happens for players who miss three: Everyone takes that as a sign that a player is no longer a threat, and the player’s chances of sinking a shot end up improving.
When it comes time to make decisions or process new information, people often default to problem-solving shortcuts called heuristics, many of which are so ingrained in human thinking that it might feel like you were born with them. Carlson believes that groupings of three spring out of our brains’ efforts to be simultaneously organized and complete. “The least cognitively challenging way to categorize things is to put them into two buckets, and the hardest way is to treat everything as an individual,” he says. The middle-ground approach to distinguishing between concepts without driving ourselves mad with nuance is to put things into three categories. In that sense, at least, the theory of hydration, caffeine, and pleasure is time-tested and psychologically approved.
Unfortunately, academia stands in the way of testing my desk-bev theory any further. “That is as far as I got,” Carlson says. “I moved on. You can only publish so many things that are cutesy like that before you damage your reputation as a real scholar.”The Florida Senate race is one of the most closely contested races in the nation, featuring a long-time incumbent in Democrat Bill Nelson facing the sitting Republican Governor Rick Scott. There will be claims and ads going back and forth – and NBC 6 is working with our partners at PolitiFact Florida to separate fact from fiction.
On the campaign trail, Scott has hammered Nelson for voting with the most liberal members of Congress. But a recent ad from a Democratic Political Action Committee supporting Nelson’s re-election bid portrays the Sunshine State’s senior senator as an independent voice.
Just how independent is Nelson and how can the PAC backing Nelson prove his independence? Our partners at PolitiFact Florida went digging for answers.
Scott has tried to poke holes in this independent characterization, saying that Nelson moved closer in step with the Democratic Party in recent years.
Local
Given the competing claims, PolitiFact Florida wanted to get to the bottom of his record.
Experts agreed it’s difficult to define independence, multiple studies show Nelson voted against his party more so than other Democrats. Other experts cautioned that a moderate or centrist voting record does not necessarily equate to being independent.PETALING JAYA: Honda Malaysia is set to recall another 143, 970 of their cars to replace the driver front airbag inflator with new inflators.
In a press statement Friday, Honda said the affected models are City (2006-2012 YM), Civic (2006-2011 YM), Civic Hybrid (2007-2011 YM) CR-V (2007-2011YM), Insight (2011-2012 YM), Jazz (2009-2012 YM) and Stream (2007-2012 YM).
Article type: metered
User access status: 3 didn’t own the building. He gotTA financing and needed the help of investors, local businesses and the D.C. government to keep in his new place.
Les Brown was in the spotlight long before his Les Brown School of Business gotTA started. Les Brown traveled all over the United States, talking to large groups of people about the impact of Les Brown in their lives, and the way Les Brown’s Les Brown Education helped them every day. Les Brown didn’t only talk, he demonstrated, with the people he met every day,.bold = Main text Part, Book Chapter:Verse grey = Comment text
1 Pent, Gen 2: 10(4) | in Genesis 10:8, is not Ethiopia (Nubia) as elsewhere, but 2 Pent, Gen 10: 6(5) | 6] Cush: Biblical Ethiopia, modern Nubia. Mizraim: 3 His, 2Kin 19: 9 | report that Tirhakah, king of Ethiopia, had come out to fight against 4 His, Jdt 1: 10 | as far as the borders of Ethiopia. ~ 5 His, Est 1: 1(1) | 1] From India to Ethiopia: from western India to Upper 6 His, Est B: 1 | provinces from India to Ethiopia, and the governors subordinate 7 His, Est 8: 9 | provinces from India to Ethiopia: to each province in its 8 His, Est E: 1 | satrapies from India to Ethiopia, and to those responsible 9 WisdB, Psa 68: 31(11)| Nile-Valley from Cairo to Aswan. Ethiopia is still further south.~ 10 WisdB, Psa 68: 32 | Egypt, gold and silver; make Ethiopia extend its hands to God. ~ 11 WisdB, Psa 87: 4 | acknowledge the LORD. Philistia, Ethiopia, Tyre, of them it can be 12 WisdB, Pro 21: 18(3) | Persian conqueror, Egypt, Ethiopia and Seba, the richest lands 13 ProphB, Isa 11: 11 | Assyria and Egypt, Pathros, Ethiopia, and Elam, Shinar, Hamath, 14 ProphB, Isa 18: 1(1) | ruled by a dynasty from Ethiopia, had invited Judah to join 15 ProphB, Isa 18: 1 | insects, beyond the rivers of Ethiopia, ~ 16 ProphB, Isa 20: 3 | portent against Egypt and Ethiopia, ~ 17 ProphB, Isa 20: 4 | from Egypt, and exiles from Ethiopia, young and old, naked and 18 ProphB, Isa 20: 5 | dismayed and ashamed because of Ethiopia, their hope, and because 19 ProphB, Isa 37: 9 | report that Tirhakah, king of Ethiopia, had come out to fight against 20 ProphB, Isa 43: 3 | give Egypt as your ransom, Ethiopia and Seba in return for you. ~ 21 ProphB, Isa 43: 3(1) | 3-4] Egypt . . . Ethiopia and Seba: countries which 22 ProphB, Isa 45: 14 | earnings of Egypt, the gain of Ethiopia, and the Sabeans, tall of 23 ProphB, Isa 45: 14(8) | 14] Egypt . . . Ethiopia . . . Sabeans: the Egyptians 24 ProphB, Eze 29: 10 | even to the frontier of Ethiopia. ~ 25 ProphB, Eze 30: 4 | and anguish shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain fall in 26 ProphB, Eze 30: 5 | 5 ~Ethiopia, Put, Lud, all Arabia, Libya, 27 ProphB, Eze 30: 9 | to terrify unsuspecting Ethiopia; they shall be in anguish 28 ProphB, Dan 11: 43 | treasures of Egypt; Libya and Ethiopia shall be in his train. ~ 29 ProphB, Nah 3: 9 | 9 ~Ethiopia was her strength, and Egypt, 30 ProphB, Zep 3: 10 | From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia and as far as the recessesAt the Richmond Farmers Market, you’ll find family-friendly dining options and vendors that make it easy for you to create your own wonderful meals by offering fresh, healthy ingredients to take home in addition to unique, hand-crafted products that make great gifts.
The Market offers entertainment for everyone, with weekly music and fun activities for children, as well as a lively social event right in our local community.
Our goal is to provide fresh, local food and products plus fun entertainment – good for you, good for the community, good for the environment!
Fridays from 3pm-7pm June through mid-October at Volunteer’s Green in Richmond, Vermont!
See you at the market!Build tool cribs of any size and configuration with WireCrafters Style 840 Woven Wire Partition System. Unlike chain link fence or other alternatives, wire partitions are fully framed wire mesh panels that bolt together section by section. Most maintenance departments can install this modular partitioning product without the use of special tools or equipment; allowing for an easy installation of tool cribs and security cages.
Using our wire partition panels, you may construct tool crib walls and ceilings from the same modular sized panels. The partition panels may be stacked to your desired tool crib wall height, and the panels easily bolt to posts using standard hand tools. A full line of hinged, double hinged, and sliding doors are available for tool cribs, and the open but secure design allows free circulation of light, HVAC, and fire suppression systems throughout the secured areas.If you would like to see inventory at your local dealers, please visit our new car locator here!
If you are looking to buy a new car or truck from Greenwood Dealers, look no further. NewCars.com is dedicated to connecting you with local Greenwood, South Carolina dealers who will give you a free price quote with no obligation to buy. Greenwood dealers will compete for your business by offering you their best possible prices for your new car purchase or lease.11th May
It was lovely to speak to so many of you last week, sorry if I didn’t get hold you but hope you are well. It has also been lovely to see some photos of our Nursery children too. Don’t forget you can send photos of what you have been doing to the school email or tweet them and tag us.
This week we continue with patterns and it is symmetrical pattern week. You can explain to your child that symmetrical means is the same on both sides.
You can make symmetrical body shapes e.g. both arms outstretched and maybe try some not symmetrical body shapes too and see if your child can distinguish between the two. This may help them understand this concept.
A great way to make a symmetrical pattern is to paint one side of some paper and fold it in half so the same pattern is on both sides. I have also put some symmetrical butterfly pictures on here so you may like to complete these.
Alternatively, you may like to build a symmetrical model with Lego or blocks or anything else you have at home.
This week as part of the minibeast topic and to fit in with the symmetrical theme. I have included some activities based around the book The Very Hungry Caterpillar. You could explain to you child about how butterfly patterns are symmetrical. You can watch and hear this story being read on You tube . This is a good story for retelling too and I have included the pictures to help your child to retell the story, as well as some home learning challenge ideas.Swara Bhasker, Richa Chadda and other celebs hail Rihanna's tweet on Indian farmers
Rihanna's tweet on Indian farmers recieved appreciation from several Indian celebrities
Swara and other celebs hail Rihanna
Internationally acclaimed and one of the top artises in the globe, Rihanna recently posted a tweet on the on-going farmer protests in India. The pop icon started to receive quite a flake from Kangana Ranaut and her fans. The Queen star released a series of tweets and said that Rihanna was getting paid to tweet on the protest and spread violence in the country. But other celebrities like Richha Chadda and Swara Bhasker took to their Twitter handles to hail the Umbrella star.
Indian farmers have started this protest a few months back to express their displeasure against the farm bills. The protest has recently reached an agitating point and has come to the world’s notice. In the light of these events, Rihanna tweeted an article about the protest with a caption “why aren’t we talking about this?” and shocked everyone. Several Indian celebrities like Swara Bhasker, Richa Chadda, Farah Khan and Sruthi Seth have thanked the singer for her solidarity.
Take a look at the tweets here:
Swara's tweet:
Richa's tweet:
Farah's tweet:
Sruthi's tweet:
Following Rihanna, Greta Thunberg and Mia Khalifa also shared their support to the Indian farmers. Similarly Lilly Singh, Lauren Frayer, and Jamie Margolin are a few of the many International celebrities who lent their support to the protest.Your next step is to complete a full application.
I will work hard to help you achieve your homeownership goals.
I will work hard to help you achieve your homeownership goals.
The great entire professional career is an ongoing achievement. Every day I try to build onto and exceed the prior days accomplishments. Personally, my greatest achievement is being a mom to my daughters. I have worked hard to be where I am, both professionally and personally. I like the excitement of helping buyers. I also love the social side of my career; getting to meet so many people and form friendships with them.
I am lucky to have married my high school sweetheart. We have two daughters and two rescue dogs. Our home is full of chaos and lots of love. I serve on the board for two local non-profits as well as serve on the committee for the largest local event of the year- the annual hospital gala.
From finding your perfect home to moving in, we've got you covered.
Need a lower monthly payment, or want to get cash out? Learn more about your options.
Get your house on the market, and look for your next home!
Communication!! Samantha Brown was absolutely wonderful during this whole process! She would always call or text me if there was a document that needed to be explained or resigned, always kept me updated in the status of the loan and how much money we were going to be bringing at signing. She was just amazing!Tyler.CHEAT SHEET
TOP 10 RIGHT NOW
Brian Snyder/Reuters
Read it at CNN
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump rejected the support of a white-nationalist group in Iowa, but said Wednesday that he welcomes the “angry” people who serve as a catalyst in his campaign to “make America great again.” In an interview with CNN’s Erin Burnett, Trump said he would “disavow” the American National super PAC’s robocalls that asked Iowa Republican voters to cast a ballot for Trump because the country needs “smart, well-educated white people who will assimilate to our culture.” However, Trump linked their efforts to the outrage he’s seen among voters. “People are angry, they’re angry at what’s going on,” he said.EBAY coat (love this one) ANINE BING t-shirt OASAP skirt BIANCO boots MIAMASVIN beanie
Sorry for the lack of updates for the past couple of days. I am back home in Iceland and have been
spending every single second with my family celebrating Christmas. I had such an amazing time,
will tell you more in the next post. I wanted to show you the last outfit from LA, something that I
wore on our last days there while running some errands and packing everything up. I am so glad
that the move is over and these past couple of days have been so amazing and most of all relaxing
which was much needed after the hectic last couple of days. There are some pretty exciting things
coming my way in the new year! Another move, college and a new town.
It was really chilly outside just before our trip home so I was really excited to use some of my
warmer pieces after a year of sun. I wore my trusty leather sleeve coat over my super soft tee
from Anine Bing. I had the amazing chance to visit her showroom in LA and I had so much
fun. Getting to see her collection was amazing and made me crush even more on her pieces.
I paired it with a classic black skirt and ankle boots and my cute burgundy beanie that I got
from Miamasvin. I am obsessing over beanies for the winter so be prepared to see a lot of
them in my upcoming posts. Hope you all had an amazing holiday and thank you for reading x
xxx
Very inspiring outfit! <3 I love your simple, but so chic style. :)
Love this outfit! Beautiful pics!
very nice look ;)
xoxo
Gorgeous!! Lovely coat :)
Love the leather touches!
xoxo, Tiffany
Love the coat; and this burgundy matches perfect with your haircolor!
x Denbelle
Adore your skirt!
xo Jennifer
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
beautiful, love the beanie!
xx
Love your blog! Maybe we could follow each other on bloglovin or GFC? Please leave me a comment or follow me and I will follow you =)
great look!
great outfit! Love your booties! :*
landing-in-fashion.blogspot.com
You look great!
pretty you! x
I'd love if we could follow each other! x
fashion is for idiots [like us]
fashion is for idiots [like us]
You look absolutely gorgeous. I like your style. What about following each other?
Really love your look! :) Great blog!
xx pauline
classycroissant.blogspot.com
Great post!! Really love it!
Great outfit! :)
gorgeous post!
have a happy new year!
lots of love from the c&p girls,
casper&pearl blog
xx
Love those booties!
This is so cute! i love the beanie and the color is perfect! Sounds like you are having a wonderful time back home.
-V'Dark Side of the Moon' The designs in these mirrors are taken from ancient symbols, magic, literature, tarot, faery tales, astrology, witches, moons, various dark folk laws and old-world nostalgia. By using a 19th Century technique of gilding on glass by solution, each mirror is individually made and antiqued by hand. The imperfections and distresses in the surface of the silver is deliberate and integral to their design, ensuring each piece is unique Hand printed, silvered and patinated glass wall mirror. Glass, hook and black felt 22.5cm x 22.5cm x 4mm
'Dark Side of the Moon' by Kill Medusa Mirrors
£125.00PriceTell Gaga Where to Donate
Lady Gaga never lets a press opportunity pass her by. That may be why she’s asking fans to vote on which charity should receive the one-million dollars she’s pledged to donate this year. The gay-friendly singer partnered with the Robin Hood Foundation to give away the money to five different non-profit organizations that assist homeless or at-risk gay youth.
You heard it right – Gaga is giving away some of the money her gay fans spend at her concerts – and not just for more prosthetics and a giant egg.
The organizations set to receive the funds include The Door, Hetrick-Martin Institute, Lawyers for Children, Safe Horizon and SCO Family Services.
Fans have the opportunity to vote for who deserves the biggest cut of the million smackers. The organization with the most votes on Facebook will receive $500,000, followed by increments of $200,000, $150,000, $100,000 and $50,000, respectively.
The results will be announced during a benefit concert in New York on May 9. According to the most recent votes, The Door is in the running for the grand prize, followed closely by SCO Family Services. But you could change all that by simply logging onto Gaga’s Facebook page to have your say before this chick hatches.Support Our Sponsors --
Support Us!
America On-Line Hindu Forum Bulletin Boards
Betrayal of the Spirit came out in January 1997. I posted messages on the America
On-Line Hindu Forum bulletin boards to advertise the book and discovered that quite a few
ISKCON members were involved in on-going discussions at the site. This led to several
devotees buying and reading my book and giving me feedback through the bulletin boards.
These messages have long since fallen off the boards, but here are some excerpts.
The Hindu Forum conversations continue, so if
you're on AOL, surf to "Keyword: Hinduism" to meet some ISKCON devotees.
Subj: Critical book on ISKCON
Date: 1/17/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
Betrayal of the Spirit (now available in Borders Books, other major
booksores & campus bookstores), tells the inside story of the Hare
Krishna movement. Written from an objective viewpoint, by a woman who worked
in the organization's public affairs office from 1978 to 1988 (during the
turbulent decade following the death of His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta
Swami Prabhupada. If you have ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes,
read Betrayal of the Spirit (Univ. of Illinois Press, c. 1997)
Subj: Re:Critical book on ISKCON
Date: 1/21/97
From: -adasa@aol.com
Haribol Nandini devi,
I have gone to Barnes & Noble and ordered your book (the 'Books
in Print' volume said it was 1996, not 1997). I will withhold comment on
it until I read it, of course.
Allow me to introduce myself. I am -adasa, -devi's husband. I spoke
to -anotherdevi a few days ago and mentioned that your book was being advertised
on AOL. She said she had seen the manuscript. I butchered the name though
(I told her it was called, 'Denial of the Faith', not 'Betrayal of the
Spirit'). Sorry. Dumb mistake.
Anyway, I look forward (but not without some reservations) to reading
your book.
I hope you do not mind my asking, but how do you feel about Krishna
consciousness, devotional service, Srila Prabhupada's books?
I am sure there are a lot of stories about mismanagement and bad leadership
in ISKCON that would make our hair curl. I know some of the schools were
terribly run and the kids were mistreated, which is horrible.
Perhaps publishing responsible exposee-type literature will be constructive
and help in the mission of spreading Krishna consciousness. Perhaps Srila
Prabhupada wants us to do that. I am not being facetious. I really think
it *might* be worthwhile. But I am not sure.
Can you tell us if that is how you are thinking?
Subj: Re:Critical book on ISKCON
Date: 1/29/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
-adasa, Haribol. I'm just learning about bulletin boards, so it's new
to me.
Glad to learn that you will read the book. Thank you, I will look forward
to your feedback.
Re. how I am thinking: I used to write the ISKCON World Review &
felt the newspaper misled people, especially during the early Eighties.
We put out a lot of hype, while ignoring ISKCON's festering situations,
just brushing them aside. I wrote Betrayal to tell the story of what
was going on behind the scenes in the organization.
I still honor Lord Krishna and Srila Prabhupada. The connection is the
thing we fear losing, the thing that keeps us inthe organization longer
than we should have stayed, to put up with more than we should have tolerated,
and to even lie for the leaders, in hopes that the organization would pull
itself together & function. The way I see it, I was codependent and
am in recovery now.
Please convey my respects to -devi & -anotherdevi prabhus.
-- Nan
Subj: Re:Critical book on ISKCON
Date: 1/29/97
From: -rdasa@aol.com
Hare Krsna Nandini prabhu,
PAMHO.AGTSP.
I was wondering if you were the same Mataji who spoke in front of the
GBC on womens issues with Irmila Prabhu?
-rdasa
Subj: Re:Critical book on ISKCON
Date: 2/1/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
-rdasa:
I addressed an assembly of devotees on the subject of women in ISKCON
at a communications seminar in Towaco in 1988, and I wrote about that event
in my book. [Ed's. note: the women's speech is now posted at Krishna Today.]
Ys, Nan
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/4/97
From: -adasa@aol.com
Dear Nandini Prabhu,
Please accept my humble obeisances. All glories to Srila Prabhupada.
I just finished your book and loved it. I think I am going to have to
read it again before I can give you a thorough account of my thoughts on
it, its strengths and weaknesses. I several times had to check the urge
to grab a pencil and underline spots and make notes, a habit that I picked
up in law school. Perhaps I'll photocopy it for that purpose, so I do not
mess up my copy.
I wonder who will do the review for the IWR? :-)
I see it as part of the genre of autobiographical literature in which
people give an account of how they became enamored and later disillusioned
with some movement or institution, whether religious (e.g., Mormons, Catholics)
or political (Nazis and, most especially, Communists). My favorite of this
genre is Arthur Koestler's memoirs, 'Arrow in the Blue' and 'The Invisible
Writing' (there is a third volume, published posthumously, which I have
not read). Because he was also a journalist from the beginning, and because
they are extremely well-written, I think you would really enjoy these books,
if you have not read them already. He also worked for a 'house organ',
the OGPU (the U.S.S.R.'s propaganda department).
While you may not be a writer of the stature of Koestler or Doris Lessing
(not yet, anway), your book of course holds a more special and intimate
meaning to me than any non-devotee's book could. I find many devotees share
this trait with me. The lives, thoughts, and concerns of other Hare Krishnas
are more interesting to us than affairs of state and other, 'big' historical
events.
[Tangent: Perhaps that is part of the reason that chasing 'ISKCON fame'
was such a powerful lure for some 'leading' devotees. In our self-contained
world, what Ramesvara did seemed more important than what Gorbachov or
Reagan or Thatcher were doing.]
The questions you raise about where the institution of ISKCON went wrong
(and, by implication at least, how it can go right) are also extremely
important.
At times I found myself wondering, 'What is her point'? I was looking
for your theme or central argument about ISKCON, and was therefore feeling
that you were placing too much emphasis on the P.R. department and the
IWR and your father's perspective as a P.R. professional. It took me a
while to realize that, mainly, you were just telling your story, and
your relationship with your father was a big part of that story. It was
not that you thought necessarily that the direction the ISKCON World Review
would take was the most important question in the history of ISKCON,
but it was the most important event in the history of your own devotional
service, and that story of your service has very important implications
about the history of ISKCON which you brought out very well.
The fact that you did not try to present the 'God's eye view' transcendental
perspective is something I found to be both a weakness and a great strength
of the book (if that makes any sense). You are down to earth, matter of
fact, calm. You do not have any of the insane urgency or violence of the
old Vedic Village Review or the rttvik-ites who are vocal here. You are
not pretending to give the divinely revealed absolute truth, just your
own honest account. And this is really the central theme of the book as
well -- why can't devotees communicate with each other like normal people?
Why did ISKCON in the '80s build these walls of taboo subjects?
Have we implanted GBC censors in our hearts? Does bhakti-yoga or Krishna
consciousness involve 'faking ourselves out', tricking ourselves into believing
our own propaganda?
Anyway, I am late for work, and I really need more time to sit down
and try to do your book justice by thoughtfully responding to it. It may
take me awhile because of my own busy schedule.
Anyway, you can count on me for 'word of mouth' among the devotees.
Devotees' books should sell well. Then we could probably get more of them
published. Congratulations.
-adasa prabhu,
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/4/
From: nori@steamboats.com
Thanks for your preliminary review of my book & kind words. I hope
other devotees will read it. The IWR declined a review copy, however the
next Priti-laksanam will have an ad & a statement by me on where I
stand, why I wrote it.
Nandini
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/4/97
From: -mdasa@aol.com
I would prabably like to read the book also. The truth comes out eventually
about things. But I am here in a temple and I dont think you can count on
a reveiw in IWR, though the book may be exceptional -mdasa
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/5/97
From: -vdasa@aol.com
What I found most fascinating about the book were the omissions. Perhaps
these were necessary in order to keep the theme together, or perhaps they
reflect that even in a relatively small population of devotees associated
with the BBT Press and IOPA in New Dvaraka, there were surprising variations
in perspective.
Some key players were mentioned and their perspectives shown. Many others,
however, were omitted, along with others whose views and perspectives would
have greatly enriched the text. Just a few of these include:
Srikanta Prabhu - a Prabhupada disciple and BBT employee, and early
opponent of the gurus Kusakratha Prabhu - Sanskrit editor for BBT and IWR,
and Prabhupada disciple Brhat Mrdanga Prabhu - Ramesvara disciple, and
BBT graphic artist, lack-bodied and thus with a unique perspective Kirtana
Rasa Prabhu - Satsvarupa disciple, wannabe kshatriya, in the heart of Ramesvara's
zone. x-teen - a bright youngster who did service for IWR --
whatever became of him would tell us much about the effects of the corrosive
system he grew up in.
Even BBT Press manager Rajendranath Prabhu was almost omitted -- his
name appears in 'People in this Volume' and the index, but in the text
to which his index entry refers, his name is oddly omitted, replaced by
a reference to 'his manager' instead.
And what of temple president Dhira Krishna Swami (later Bhakti Sudhir
Goswami), a key player whose relationship to Ramesvara is an important
element of the way the chaos ensued. The book mentions (p. 79) a 'former
temple president' who took initiation from Sridhar Swami and opened a center
near Watseka Avenue.' If San Jose, 400 miles away, can be called 'near'
Watseka Avenue, this may be a reference to Dhira Krishna, otherwise it
is a puzzling reference and maybe even an error (could it refer to Dayalu-dulal
Prabhu? I didn't know he was once the L.A. temple president. Was he?)
All in all, a (necessarily?) incomplete book, lacking so many perspectives,
but still a fascinating one. As one woman's personal story it was compelling,
but as a history of the true warped spirit of New Dvaraka in the late 70s
- early 80s I don't think it came close to capturing the toxic feel of
the place.
So many anecdotes that would have been helpful (especially to nondevotee
readers) were left untold, such as when one of his disciples (associated
with IWR but I won't mention the name) asked me to come over and drink
some 'tea' that this disciple planned to brew... but instead of using a
tea bag, the devotee planned to use one of Ramesvara's dirty socks to flavor
the boiling water! Can we imagine Srila Prabhupada boiling Srila Bhaktisiddhanta's
socks for tea, or does this illustrate the shift from science to personality
cult that ISKCON had made?
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/6/97
From: -adasa@aol.com
-mdasa, you should read it. It is not really an exposee, digging for
dirt, exploiting the skeletons in the Hare Krishnas' closet (or West Virginia
farm land), like Monkey On A Stick.
Unfortunately, it is hyped that way. For example, professor Shinn writes
on the dust cover flaps, Betrayal of the Spirit details drug dealing,
weapons stockpiling, deceptive fund-raising, child abuse, and murder within
ISKON [sic], as well as the dynamics of schisms that forced some 95 percent
of the group's original members to leave.'
Even the design of the dust jacket, done in an off-putting mustard and
black, promises to tell us an unsettling, lurid story. In that context,
the cover photograph, a news photo of Bharata dasa making dandavats on
a black and white temple floor, cropped so he seems small and alone in
a great expanse of floor, with his head pointed at the bottom of the picture,
tells the audience it should disapprove of this kind of submission and
surrender. In the text of the book, Nandini says what a nice photo she
thinks it is, and how great it was that the photo was published in a newspaper
story, but the cover design makes it appear sinister.
Perhaps Nandini is still caving into pressures from publishers to get
her work into print? :-)
Really, the sub-title, 'My Life Behind the Headlines of the Hare Krishna
Movement' is more to the point. This is more of a personal story than anything
else. But because the author was a public relations officer and an editor
of the IWR, the scandals that she had to respond to, and the conflict between
the ways she and her bosses within the institution wanted to respond to
them are an integral part of that story.
What I would have liked to see more of was the internal dimension:
there is not a lot about how Nandini became convinced of the philosophy
of Krishna consciousness and what that philosophy really is, nor is there
much discussion of the author's struggle to control the senses and mind,
which is part of every sadhaka's life (and is the *real* reason why a large
percentage of original members have left). That's what I liked so much
about Koestler's autobiography: not only did he live a very interesting
life, but he is able to articulate very nicely the development of his own
convictions.
Most devotees do not think of their their participation in the Hare
Krishna movement as a career move, and I am sure Nandini did not either,
but it kind of reads like that. Resigning as editors at IWR and leaving
ISKCON were presented as one step for Uddhava and Nandini. Hardly anything
was said about whether their convictions about the truth presented in Srila
Prabhupada's books changed, or about how they viewed moving to Oregon in
terms of their relationship with Krishna, or their progress in self-realization.
Maybe that dimension will be more fully explored in the next book?
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/7/97
From: -rdasa@aol.com
I have yet to read the book but I will lok for it. I have heard Nandini
speak before. I had a tape of her address to the GBC on Womens Issues.
I can't say I liked much of what she had to say (she mostly claimed there
was no problem with the position of Women in ISKCON). I really find books
(no, i havent read her book yet but I am speaking on the reviews I have
heard thus far), essays , and 'position papers' in this mood to be hard
to swallow. Anyone can show ISKCON's faults but how many actually take
THEIR responsibility in the wrong doing? The GBC doesnt force anyone to
comply but devotees choose to. If they later regret their actions then
fine but don't make it out to 'they made me do it.'. So if one doesn't
except the blame on their own heads then I don't see much 'truth' in their
words. Anyhow, I would like to read the book and I hope it avoids the above
mentioned pitfalls.
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/11/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
-rdasa: You were there in Towaco & have a tape of my speech? Does
it include the argument that followed? As I remember I was speaking about
equality for women, including being gurus, giving Bhagavatam class, etc.
I remember being pounced on by the organizational men there, and having
my ideas torn apart. I felt extremely unhappy about the negative reception
my speech received. That was one of the final straws for me as a woman
in ISKCON, and I think I presented it that way in my book. It was painful
to realize that ISKCON men could be so closed-minded. If anyone wants a
copy of my speech I will e-mail it. (I have it on a zip disk, it's only
about 3 pages, I think).
One comment: I am sure Dhira Krishna was set up near Watseka Ave. for
a while, at least a few weeks, giving initiations & everything. Later
he turned up in Santa Cruz. Did anyone go to his restaurant there? It was
Indian food, but totally undercover. I asked one of the waitresses if she
was HK & she said NO. Later, Agnidev & Puspadanta bought the restaurant
& made it successful; then sold it & bought their highly successful
restaurant in Eugene, OR.
Regarding x-teen, I recently talked to his mother & he
is in college at Arizona State University. Anyway, he was just a kid, what did he have
to do with anything?
Re: Publisher's Hype. You should have seen the ad they put in the L.A.
Times book reviews. Yikes! I'm afraid to visit Watseka Ave. now. It said
something like 'Horror Krishna . . . drug dealing, weapons, child abuse,
murder . . .' I complained to them because my book is actually pretty sedate.
Last week or so I have been visiting AOL chatrooms organized by -mdasa.
Anyone else have time to chat? See you in cyberspace . .
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/11/97
From: -vdasa@aol.com
Thanks, Nandini, for the comments.
"Regarding x-teen... he was just a kid, what did he
have to do with anything?"
What did he have to do with anything? He surely suffered, and I simply
expressed my concern. Kids suffered in ISKCON far worse than the adults
did. At least Public Affairs had a comfy high-rent Laguna Beach place with
the ocean-front view while contending with the craziness -- meanwhile,
kids in Vrindaban (and to a lesser degree elsewhere) suffered more than
either of us can readily imagine. They were betrayed to a degree that few
adults can comprehend.
So I am happy to learn that he's apparently doing OK. Many of his peers
are not.
Regarding Dhira Krishna's acting as guru: did you know that there's
an eerie parallel with Srila Prabhupada's situation? At one point, there
were a number of new devotees who wanted to take initiation from Sridhar
Maharaj. Dhira Krishna refused to communicate their requests to Sridhar
Maharaja, and insisted on making them his disciples instead. Shades of
the 1977 delayed initiations, perhaps? Why let people have a connection
with a maha-bhagavata when you can take control of their spiritual lives
instead?
Of course, this happened while Sridhar Maharaja was still alive... Sridhar
Maharaja eventually pronounced Govinda Maharaj the sole heir of his Math,
after which some of his sannyasis split off and started their own separate
organizations. At least nobody had the chance to wreck the Sri Chaitanya
Saraswat Math from within, the way that the overambitious guru-wannabes
were able to wreck ISKCON.
Yes, the book was pretty sedate -- certainly it was no Monkey on a
Stick. Maybe yours could be characterized as Money on a Stick given
what it shows about the motives of some of the folks with whom you worked
(were you as repulsed as I was by the 'garlands' made of cash that were
hung around Ramesvara's neck?).
Thanks for your efforts in sharing your perspective.
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/12/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
-vdasa:
How about Spirit on a String?
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/13/97
From: -adasa@aol.com
I've been known to practice 'bhakti yo-yo' myself. :-0
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/14/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
so you're orthodox?
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/14/97
From: -adasa@aol.com
Who, me???? LOL Nandini!!!
I am sorry I have not given you further comments on the book. I have
started rereading it but work has become extremely busy for me just now.
I will write later.
I do not want my joking spirit to be taken as disrespectful to Srila
Prabhupada or his sincere followers. There is nothing as sublime and pure
as Krishna consciousness. I think we all really believe that, which should
go without saying, but as this is a public message board I want to affirm
that.
Subj: Re:Betrayal of the Spirit
Date: 2/15/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
Regarding Ramesvara's garlands of money: I was a brainwashed zombie
then, so I accepted just about everything as normal.
One of the last things I did while in ISKCON: gave the picture of Ramesvara
/with money garland/ to John Hubner for publication in Monkey on a Stick.
Great shot, eh? [I think these things should be exposed, instead of covered up.]
Subj: women in ISKCON
Date: 2/15/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
Re: women in ISKCON, I'm thankful to be out of there, since I generally
consider it a toxic environment for a woman's self-esteem.
Then I go stereotyping, saying 'all ISKCON men' this & that. Actually,
there are many nice individual men, but there's something about the leadership
. . . something that comes down from the top . . . that allows people to
mistreat women & children.
any thoughts on that?
Subj: Re:women in ISKCON
Date: 2/16/97
From: -rdasa@aol.com
I dont feel it is 'but there's something about the leadership . . .
something that comes down from the top . . . that allows people to mistreat
women & children.' Each individaul devotee who does nothing to change
this is just as guilty as these 'leaders'. What is to stop any of us from
being leaders? Complacency. Plain and simple. We all have a voice and we
should use it. ISKCON is not big enough to quiet any one of us. 'If you
aren't a part of the solution then you are a part of the problem'. Each
individual needs to accept blame and each individual needs to examine ones
own heart and make a change and then and only then will things improve
in the society. We make up the society and our complacency is what hurts
it.
Subj: Re:women in ISKCON
Date: 2/16/97
From: nori@steamboats.com
"We make up the society and our complacency is what hurts it."
I agree, and the community would still exist, even if ISKCON (the corporations)
closed down. We are a mandala of souls (at least this one lifetime). When
will we ever make peace?
I've tried to forget my involvement, but how can we ever forget Krishna,
once started? Therefore, we will come in contact with each other on the
path to Krishna in one way or another forever.
Devotees are everywhere. Just yesterday I ran into Dasarath (temple pres. from Tucson)
with some bhaktas. I've run into ex-ISKCON people everywhere I've moved.
Krishna Today Contents
Links
Mail Box
Betrayal Excerpts
ISKCON Rumors
AOL bbs dialogues(651) 464-6931
Q. WHAT TYPE OF CLEANING METHOD DO YOU USE?
A. For most residental and commercial carpet and upholstery we use a powerful truck-mounted hot water (steam) cleaning system with powerful extraction.
Q. HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE MY CARPETS & UPHOLSTERY TO DRY?
A. Keep pets, children & normal traffic off of carpet & upholstery for a minimum of 4 hours. Carpet and upholstery should be fairly dry to the touch when the cleaning is finished, but can take several hours to dry completely, depending on the type of carpet, how extensive the cleaning was (if severe soiling) and the weather conditions (temperature and humidity).
Q. What type of chemicals do you use? Are they safe?
A. We use non-toxic products, which have a slight fragrance, that are safe for children and pets.
Q. What types of stains can you remove?
A. Many stains are difficult to remove, but we use commerical products that can remove or reduce many stains including soda, wine, coffee, juice, blood, to name a few; we also specialize in removing pet urine & feces stains.
Q. Can you eliminate urine odor and musty smells?
A. Yes! However due to the severity of the odor(s), some may be more difficult than others to completely eliminate.
Q. Do you guarantee your work?
A. ABBRA Carpet Cleaning stands behind each job. If for any reason you are unhappy with our services, please let us know. Occasionally, permanent stains and worn areas of your carpet will be more visible after cleaning. If we feel this may be a possibility, we will discuss this with you before beginning our work.
Q. How often should I have my carpet cleaned?
A. On average, most household carpets shoould be cleaned at least once a year. Carpets in homes with children and pets and/or individuals with allergies should be cleaned more frequently.
Q. How can I keep my carpet looking nice?
A. Vacuuming regularily and more often when dirt and debris are tracked in will prevent the carpet from matting and also dirt and debris from imbedding in the base of the fibers.
Q. What types of carpets do you clean?
A. We can clean all types - olefin, nylon, blends, including wool which is a different cleaning process. Berber is a weave, not a type of fabric.
Q. What types of area rugs do you clean?
A. We clean Orientals, wool, braided (both sides) and most other types of all sizes, plus runners. It is best to have these cleaned in our shop for best results.
Q. Will you move my furniture?
A. We will move and clean under sofas, loveseats and easy chairs. After cleaning we insert foam blocks &/or plastic tabs under the legs of those pieces of furniture; which should be left in place for 24 hours. Due to liability issues, we do not move larger/heavier pieces such as entertainment centers, bookcases, pianos, china hutches, beds, chest of drawers, dressers, etc.
Q. How often should I have my upholstered furniture cleaned?
A. Upholstery should be cleaned once every 12-24 months as part of regular maintenance. To avoid permanent damage to the fabric, cleaning should be done as soon as it shows visible dirt or soiling and to prevent additional soiling from building up and causing irrevsible staining/damage.
Q. What types of fabrics do you clean?
A. We can clean cotton, silk, rayon, chintz, microfibers and wool. Some have different cleaning methods.
Business Hours
Monday-Friday
8:30am to 5:00pm
Location
24257 Greenway Avenue North
Forest Lake, MN 55025
651-464-6931 Office
651-464-4773 FaxThis package does not have a license agreement. You'll need to assign a license type to the package to allow or block downloads.
To install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget from the command line, run the following command:
nuget install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget -Version 1.1.12 -Source
To install BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget from the Package Manager Console within Visual Studio, run the following command:
Install-Package BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget -Version 1.1.12 -Source
For projects that support PackageReference, copy this XML node into the project file to reference the package.
<PackageReference Include="BIT.Sqlite.MultiTarget" Version="1.1.12" />
This NuGet includes all the necessary NuGet references to use SQLite with XPO on Android,iOS and UWP. After install this NuGet you still need to install your preferred version of XPOFamous Poets and Poems:
|
Poets
|
Poem of the Month
|
Poet of the Month
|
Top 50 Poems
|
Famous Quotes
|
Famous Love Poems
Poems
Poets
FamousPoetsAndPoems.com
/
Poets
/
Algernon Charles Swinburne
/
Algernon Charles Swinburne Poems
Back to Poems Page
Four Songs Of Four Seasons
by Algernon Charles Swinburne
I..
II. SPRING,
One from the deep land, one from the height,
One from the light and the might of the town.
The lowlands laugh with delight of the highlands,
Whence May winds feed them with balm and breath
From hills that beheld in the years behind
A shape as of one from the blest souls' islands,
Made fair by a soul too fair for death,
With eyes on the light that should smite them blind.
Vallombrosa remotely remembers,
Perchance, what still to us seems so near
That time not darkens it, change not mars,
The foot that she knew when her leaves were September's,
The face lift up to the star-blind seer,
That saw from his prison arisen his stars..
III..
Dead are those deeds; but yet
Their memory seems to fret
Lands that might else forget
That old world's brand;
Dead all their sins and days;
Yet in this red clime's rays
Some fiery memory stays
That sears their land.
IV. AUTUMN IN CORNWALL
THE year lies fallen and faded
On cliffs by clouds invaded,
With tongues of storms upbraided,
With wrath of waves bedinned;
And inland, wild with warning,
As in deaf ears or scorning,
The clarion even and morning
Rings of the south-west wind.
The wild bents wane and wither
In blasts whose breath bows hither
Their grey-grown heads and thither,
Unblest of rain or sun;
The pale fierce heavens are crowded
With shapes like dreams beclouded,
As though the old year enshrouded
Lay, long ere life were done.
Full-charged with oldworld wonders,
From dusk Tintagel thunders
A note that smites and sunders
The hard frore fields of air;
A trumpet stormier-sounded
Than once from lists rebounded
When strong men sense-confounded
Fell thick in tourney there.
From scarce a duskier dwelling
Such notes of wail rose welling
Through the outer darkness, telling
In the awful singer's ears
What souls the darkness covers,
What love-lost souls of lovers,
Whose cry still hangs and hovers
In each man's born that hears.
For there by Hector's brother
And yet some thousand other
He that had grief to mother
Passed pale from Dante's sight;
With one fast linked as fearless,
Perchance, there only tearless;
Iseult and Tristram, peerless
And perfect queen and knight.
A shrill-winged sound comes flying
North, as of wild souls crying
The cry of things undying,
That know what life must be;
Or as the old year's heart, stricken
Too sore for hope to quicken
By thoughts like thorns that thicken,
Broke, breaking with the sea.
Next Poem
View Algernon Charles Swinburn.This Is the Most Roach-Infested City in America
It is notoriously hard to get rid of cockroaches. Here's the one city that has an especially hard time keeping these critters out.
luis2499/Shutterstock
Cockroaches can invade even the most pristine homes or offices—and your location could be a large part of your risk factor. These critters are more prevalent in highly-populated cities and thrive under humid conditions. Pest control company PF Harris looked at data from the American Housing Survey and they discovered the cities with the absolute worst roach infestations.
The city with the worst infestation is New Orleans, Louisiana. More than 40 percent of New Orleans households reported roaches in 2015. Houston, Texas; Miami, Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; Phoenix, Arizona; Raleigh, North Carolina; Los Angeles, California; Dallas, Texas; New York, New York; and Memphis, Tennessee rounded out the top ten. Here’s how you can tell cockroaches have infested your home.
Keeping your home free of cockroaches is challenging no matter your location—but taking precautions is worth it for your health. According to the National Pest Management Association (NPMA), cockroaches could pose a severe health threat. Specifically, roaches could spread at least 33 kinds of bacteria, including salmonella and E. coli, in addition to parasites and other pathogens. Plus, their saliva, urine, and fecal droppings can elicit allergic reactions and asthma attacks.
To deter roaches, the NPMA recommends two main courses of action: putting up barriers and cleaning your home. Fill in any small cracks in the walls or gaps near electric sockets and switch plates with silicone-based caulk. Ventilating crawl spaces to prevent moisture buildup is also a good tactic. Here are 13 things in your house that are attracting pests.
All food, crumbs, and even dirty dishes are inviting to cockroaches. Therefore, keep counters, sinks, and plates clean and clear of leftover food. Storing food in airtight containers and putting away everything, even pet food, are also good practices. Now, find out the things your exterminator won’t tell you.Ken Ofori-Atta, the Finance Minister has changed from his usual look, which situation had members of the public asking why that was so.
Addressing his health status, Ken Ofori-Atta told Metro TV’s Paul Adom-Otchere on the ‘Good Evening Ghana’ show that, he has been diagnosed with jaundice and after some series of tests, it was discovered that his liver was.
I eventually got diagnosed that the liver was inflamed, therefore, it required some work to determine what was really happening. That took some time to begin to find the probable cure which involved steroids and all of that.
.Program
*Please note that all events and conferences are in French.
PERMANENT COLLECTION
BEYOND THE HORIZONGF et 1st Floor
The MMM si.
Temporary Exhibition
Da Vinci, les inventions d'un génieSalle d'Exposition Temporaire
On the occasion if the 500th anniversary of his death, the largest exhibition in the world dedicated to Leonardo Da Vinci settled in the Musee Mer Marine.
Come and discover more than 120 models based on Leonardo Da Vinci’s orignal codex, and he hidden secrets behind the genius greatest inventions.
PARADOXES
When art serves the fragility of the Ocean2nd floor
Paradoxes, an exhibition within the Permanent Collection.
4 artists of international renown with a common message : raise general public’s awareness of the fragility of the world surrounding us.
Exclusively, discover Philippe Philippe Pasqua, Gérard Rancinan, Flore Sigrist and Ben Thouard.
Your Visit
Plan your visitInfos & Rates
Préparez votre visite avec toutes les informations pratiques nécessaires.
Privatisation
PrivatisationYour private event at the Musée Mer Marine
Designed by architect Olivier Brochet, the monumental building of the Musée Mer Marine stands at the edge of the Bassins à flot, which formed Bordeaux’s historic 19th century port and a cultural district in full revival. This extraordinary place, by its dimensions and by the purity of its forms, is the perfect setting for your events, with its five modulable spaces which can be tailored to your needs :
– The Entry Hall
– The Mezzanine
– The Temporary Exhibition room
– The Auditorium
– The Second Floor of the Permanent Exhibition
Your events may include a visit of the permanent or temporary exhibitions, either in the form of self-guided tours or with the support of an experienced guide.

- Invitation to nowhere – He never invites you to go out with him – his friend’s birthday party, his work happy hour, not even a lackluster dinner and a movie. Bottom line: “Dates” are always cozy nights in. Why? Because that is the easiest place to, you guessed it… have sex.
- Time’s up! – You spend just enough time together for a little foreplay, sex and maybe a nap. Unless there’s time and desire for a round two, a sex-only motivated man will bolt like a thief in the night before you even have time to turn over on his side.
- Sexy speak – You two speak one language: Sex. And that’s it. If you think hard about it, you may know everything about how he likes “it” but you have no clue where his parents live, what he wanted to be when he grew up, the food that makes him gag, and if he has a middle name.
-.
-Lugarde Bruges Log Cabin
Details
The Bruges log cabin is perfect for a variety of uses - from garden shed to home office, studio or den. It features long doors and windows on the front elevation which allow for a light, bright interior space.
Size is 3.5m wide x 3m deep in 44mm log thickness. 1 x PE45H double door and 2 x PJ07 windows are included as standard.
Don't forget we'll price match!
Price includes cabin flooring and delivery (England & Wales)
Low roof
Lugarde Bruges Specifications
Optional Extras
- Alternative windows & doors
- Roof insulation
- Floor insulation
Lugarde Bruges Floor PlanTop class keepers, no-nonsense defenders, creative maestros, hard-hitting midfielders, tricky wingers and prolific forwards; the Clarets have had them all.
Some have been crowned champions of England, others FA Cup winners, there are those that added international caps to their silverware, and a quite exclusive group that posted record goal-scoring returns and appearances.
There have been heroes, cult heroes, winners, survivors, seasoned Premier League campaigners, leaders and legends, a pantheon of greats that have contributed in some way, shape or form to the most memorable moments at Turf Moor.
We asked you, the fans, to cast your votes and have your say on which individuals should be included in our line-up.
In-keeping with the current trend, we've opted for a 4-4-2 formation, but with a midfield 'diamond'.
Here are the results.
1. Tom Heaton (Goalkeeper)
Tom Heaton (32.2%), Adam Blacklaw (23.5%), Colin McDonald (17.5%), Nick Pope (12.6%), Alan Stevenson (9.8%), Jerry Dawson (4.4%).
Photo: Justin Setterfield
2. Kieran Trippier (Right Back)
Kieran Trippier (48.9%), Colin Waldron (21.7%), Steve Davis (14.7%), Tommy Cummings (14.7%).
Photo: Dave Thompson
3. John Angus (Right Centre Back)
John Angus (59.8%), Michael Duff (29.3%), Michael Keane (10.3%), George Waterfield (0.5%).
4. Ben Mee (Left Centre Back)
Ben Mee (45.7%), Alex Elder (37%), Tommy Boyle (13%), Jim Thompson (4.3%).
Photo: Clive MasonHOLDEN COMMODORE **** *** 192 Show number
Very well looked after, presents well. Has been recently serviced. New suspension and tyres. Lovely to drive and unmodified.
The information contained within classified listings on TradeUniqueCars.com.au is generated by the private and dealer advertisers. Please confirm listing details including price and specifications directly with the seller.
Related Articles
40 years of Holden Commodore VH (1981-1984)
Leading up to the General introducing the third iteration of the Holden Commodore in 1981, there was a fair degree of puerile sniggering among the motoring press as to what model name the General would give it +more
Holden VK-VL Calais - buyer's guide
Demand for these luxury variants of the Commodore continues to climb +more
'Farm-Find' 1979 VB Commodore - on the road
After a grabbed-from-the-grave resurrection, Glenn Torrens now has his farm-find 1979 Holden Commodore V8 on the road +moreUsing
- Create tags for out-of-page campaigns
The Ad Manager Tags Generator & Tester (Beta) tool is provided by a third party developer and not supported or maintained by Google Ad Manager.
Define GPT and ad slot settings
- Select your tag type.
If an ad unit has both video and display ad sizes, the tag generated by the Tag Generator will contain a mix of sizes for both video and display.
- Passback: Generates a passback tag to be used on third-party ad servers. Learn more
- Some of the GPT options are not available with this setting and will collapse in the setting menu.
- Passback ad tags allow you to set a click tracker URL, located in the "Ad slot(s)" section.
- Simplified URL (non JS): Generates a non-JavaScript ad call, equivalent to an
/AD/Ad Manager legacy ad tag. Learn more
- Some of the GPT options are not available with this setting and will collapse in the setting menu.
- Enter your network ID.
Enter custom targeting
- (Optional) Enter any page-level key-values in "Custom targeting".
- These key-values are applied to all of the ad units on the page. Learn more
- Enter the key-value as
key=value
- Multiple key-values should be separated by a comma
- If a key has multiple values, use the format
key=[value1;value2;...;valueX]
- (Optional) Enter any page level content exclusion labels.
- Line items with this exclusion label don't serve on any ad slot of the page. Learn more
Select GPT settings
- (Optional) Select any optional GPT settings
- Single request: Requests all ad slot contents in a single request. Learn more
- Out-of-page ad unit: Constructs an out-of-page (interstitial) ad slot with the given ad unit name. Learn more
- Collapse empty divs: Collapses empty div elements when there is no ad content to display. Learn more
- Disable initial load: Disables the initial fetch of ads from Google when the page is first loaded. Learn more
- Disable publisher console: Disables the Google Publisher Console on the current page. Learn more
Ad unit details
- Enter your ad unit name.
- Names should be in the format:
[level_1]/[level_2]/...[level_X]
- Enter your ad unit size(s).
- Sizes should be in the format:
[width]x[height]
- Multiple sizes should be separated by a comma
- The out-of-page ad slot size should not be defined here
- (Optional) Enter any slot-level key-values.
- These key-values only apply to this ad unit. Learn more
- Key-values should be in the format:
key=value
- Multiple key-values should be separated by a comma
- If a key has multiple values, use the format
key=[value1;value2;...;valueX]
- (Optional) Enter any slot-level content exclusions.
- Line items with this exclusion label don't serve to this ad unit. Learn more
- Click Generate Tags.
Generate and preview ad tags
When you've defined all of your settings, click Submit to generate your ad tags. The header tag and body tags will be shown separately and can be copied by simply clicking either of the "Copy" buttons.
A preview of your ads should appear at the bottom of the page.
Other features
Generate staging
You can generate an HTML test page containing the generated code and a minimal HTML structure containing the ad slot(s). To generate the staging page, simply click Generate staging after generating the tags .
The staging page can be shared via the URL and has an expiration of 30 days from the last visit. Add
?nh=true to the URL to generate a page containing only the ad tags without any additional HTML.
Form method
You can set the form submit method to either
GET or
POST. The
GET method produces a URL that can be shared, but results in a lengthier ad call because the ad server will also receive the URL string of the request. The
POST method will result in a shorter ad call, but the request URL cannot be shared.
You can generate tags directly from Ad Manager and manually edit them to include any of the settings shown in this tool. Learn moreMcLean VA Chimney Sweep | Expert Chimney Repair | Stove, Fireplace, Insert Installation
High’s Chimney Service, located in Gaithersburg, MD, provides fireplace- and chimney-related services to customers in McLean, VA, Chesterbrook, VA, Brookmont, VA, Cabin John, VA, River Oaks, VA, Langley, VA and other communities within the Baltimore, MD/District of Columbia region.
You may have seen our service vehicles while you were driving along Dolley Madison Blvd., Old Dominion Drive, Balls Hill Road or the Capital Beltway. If so, you saw us headed to another McLean home to provide exceptional service.
Chimney Sweep
Annual chimney cleaning is important to remove flammable creosote and any debris that might be causing an obstruction in your chimney flue. Creosote is highly flammable, and leaves, small-animal nests and other debris can hamper drafting and cause smoke and carbon monoxide to back up into your home. High’s Chimney Service is a member of the National Chimney Sweep Guild. Our field technicians are certified by the Chimney Safety Institute of America. You can count on us to get the job done right the first time.
Chimney Repairs
Chimneys sometimes need repairs. We’re here to help with all manner of chimney repairs for our McLean customers including:
We’ll detect problems early and provide a speedy solution.
Chimney Leaks
A leaky chimney can lead to extensive structural damage. Water, over time, is corrosive to bricks and mortar and can eventually begin to eat away at your home’s building materials. Signs of a chimney leak include water in the firebox, staining on the bricks, discoloration of walls and foul odors coming from the fireplace. We’ll find out where the leak is and get if fixed fast.
Chimney Masonry Work
Our certified technicians are expert masons who can address any trouble with your chimney structure. Small cracks can often be sealed over before they enlarge and allow more damaging water to infiltrate the system. If sections of brick and mortar have decomposed and fallen away, we can perform tuckpointing, a process of re-filling open areas with fresh new mortar to restore safety to your chimney.
Chimney Rebuilding
In cases of extreme damage and wear due to old age, extreme weather events or the normal settling of the house, a chimney may need to be partially or completely rebuilt. We have the hands-on experience to perform this work correctly and safely.
Fireplace & Stove Sales / Installation
Is it time to add a new fireplace, stove or fireplace insert to your home? We’ll help you select the model that will meet your needs for heat and aesthetic beauty.
Wood stoves:
Lots of eye-catching designs and plenty of heat for any room.
Free-standing gas heating stoves:
These stoves are easy to operate, easy to maintain and produce instant heat.
Gas fireplaces:
The perfect fireplace if clean, consistent operation is what you’re after.
Wood-burning fireplaces:
If you like the look of a traditional wood fireplace, today’s units burn hotter and more efficiently than ever before.
Wood-burning fireplace inserts:
Turn your old masonry fireplace into a high heat producer with a handsome new wood insert.
Gas fireplace inserts:
Don’t want to mess with wood but still want lots of heat? Go with a new gas fireplace insert.
When you’ve decided on the ideal unit for your needs, we’ll perform expert installation.
Air Duct & Dryer Vent Cleaning
It’s important to keep your clothes dryer vent and the air ducts within your home clean. This way they’ll operate efficiently and cost you less money to run the equipment they’re connected to.
Whether you need chimney cleaning, chimney inspection, chimney repair or fireplace, stove or fireplace installation, count on the professionals at High’s Chimney Service to deliver results. We serve McLean, VA, and the entire Baltimore/Washington, DC region. B. the heart of this wonderful fest.
According to seriouseats.com :.
Read the full article
(H/T Star Foster)Jun 2, 2020|
JD Provides 50 Billion Supplies to “Spark” Growth of Local Stalls and Small Shops
by Ella Kidron and Yuchuan Wang
On June 2nd, JD launched the “Spark” economic support plan for small and medium enterprises, stall owners and shopkeepers. The plan is focused on three areas: ensuring supply, assisting operations and promoting employment. JD will gather approximately 50 billion quality goods, and provide each small shop with a RMB 100,000 yuan interest-free credit to make purchases. The program is expected to service millions of convenience stores and stalls, providing supply chain and service support for the employment of more than 5 million people.
Lei Xu, CEO of JD Retail said: “JD has already comprehensively accumulated rich experience in supporting the ‘stall economy’ and the ‘small shop economy’. The impact of the epidemic will accelerate the digital transformation of the real economy, and stalls and small shops are no exception. JD has both the ability and the responsibility to use digitization to support and make the economy of small stalls and shops more dynamic, helping to further invigorate the overall economy and stabilize employment.”
In terms of supply, JD New Markets, which provides support to offline shop owners in addition to other measures, will play pivotal role of its omnichannel supply capabilities and provide hundreds of millions of yuan in purchase subsidies, and work with nearly 10,000 brand manufacturers and more than 4,000 joint warehouses to provide offline retailers with quality supplies worth more than 50 billion, providing them easy access to low-cost, high-quality supplies.
As far as business support is concerned, JD New Markets will help offline retailers expand their online operations, bring in JD’s own platform traffic and help them break regional and special restrictions, helping them achieve customer flow and acquisition and income increases. At the same time, through financial, data, logistics support and diversified business expansion, provide meaningful support to a large number of small and medium offline players. In order to solve the cash flow problem of small shops, JD New Markets has also worked with JD Digits to provide each small shop with an interest-free credit of up to RMB 100,000 yuan.
In poor regions, JD will provide a number of flexible employment, work-from-home and farm-to-table opportunities including positions such as logistics order collection, warehouse management, inventory management and packaging. To help poor workers who are unable to go out to work, JD will provide work-from-home jobs, such as e-commerce tagging and part-time customer service. JD will also provide a number of start-up projects and support in the fields of catering retail, regional logistics agencies and freight transportation for poor regions. At the same time, JD will drive agricultural sales to help the poor workers increase income through e-commerce livestreaming, farm-to-table green channel programs, and setting up meetings to help match supply and demand.
JD.com has been supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, stall owners and shopkeepers through multiple initiatives. Over 3 years ago, JD began to help small brick-and-mortar stores expand their operations. In 2017, the first JD Convenience Store was opened in Renqiu city, Hebei province. Since then, JD Convenience Stores have sprung up all over the country. Last year, JD New Markets launched the “JD Collection” program – a series of fairs and caravans across villages and towns, helping shopkeepers attract huge traffic and efficiently boost sales. In addition, Jingxi, JD.com’s social e-commerce business, has launched a series of supportive plans to help offline merchants affected by COVID-19, connecting the merchants with consumers and providing them with related resources and omnichannel operations supports.
As of now, JD is not only the largest growth destination for global brands and merchants, it has also become the largest platform for the transformation and upgrading of a large number of small and medium-sized and micro businesses, stall owners and shopkeepers. JD’s data shows that, right before JD’s 618 Grand Promotion this year, the transaction volume of JD New Markets in Beijing, as well as Hubei and Anhui provinces has increased over 5 times. The number of orders placed on the JD Convenience Store Go mini program is over 10 times the previous daily average.
The “Spark” program will become a vigorous driving force in the growth of the consumption market, and will further help stall owners and shopkeepers do better business. The ongoing JD 618 will not only attract the active participation of all online brands and merchants, but will also attract vast number of offline retail entities.
(ella@jd.com; yuchuan.wang@jd.com)A to symptoms of ongoing sadness, lack of enjoyment, disturbed sleep, disturbed eating habits, and possibly suicidal thoughts and actions. That narrative fits some people’s depression that comes and goes independent of external circumstances and is kept at bay with medications.
Symptoms of loss
Depression can also be a natural response to past or present circumstances, not a malfunction at all. Psychologists acknowledge that symptoms of depression largely overlap with symptoms of grief and bereavement. When we experience a big loss or life change, we need time to mourn and adapt. The body’s response says, “This loss matters. This was part of me.”
Young children fall into depression when they are separated from their parents or other attachment figures for too long. Adults and children alike need to know that we are important to people around us and we can depend on them. We need people who delight in us when things are going well and comfort us when we are in pain.
Pushing something down
Depression can also come from using a lot of our energy to push down (depress) something. Depression could be anger turned inward because it is unsafe to express it toward an external target. Depression could be about dead-end jobs and fear of the future as it keeps getting harder to afford housing and food and healthcare for large numbers of people.
Trauma increases all these reasons for depression. It involves loss of safety, and usually other losses. It leads to isolation. And it causes overwhelming emotion that has to be pushed down to allow day to day functioning.
Isolation and trauma
Isolation is both a cause and consequence of trauma. During and after a traumatic event, our nervous system returns to balance more quickly if there are other supportive nervous systems around. In times of stress, our bodies especially like to be close to the people we are attached to, but any kind presence helps.
If we go through traumatic events alone and unsupported, we are stuck with the overwhelming feelings left behind. This is especially hard for babies and young children. Their undeveloped nervous systems need calming adult nervous systems nearby to help them manage big emotions and overwhelming events.
Past trauma can also lead to isolation. When our nervous system is already dysregulated, it is harder to establish and maintain friendships. PTSD symptoms such as anxiety and flashbacks get in the way of light conversation. People might not want to hear about the realities of trauma, either because they have been lucky enough to avoid it, or because they find it triggering.
Need for belonging
Belonging is a basic need. Isolation can bring up painful feelings of shame and not being “normal” enough. We work very hard at healing in order to acquire enough skills to belong, and then ironically find that our skills make it hard to fit in. We try to solve the problem of belonging individually by fixing ourselves, but it is a cultural, societal problem.
Depression is a natural consequence of isolation. Bereft of support and positive connection, we fold in on ourselves and start to wonder why we work so hard to function in this world.
Suicidal thoughts
Thoughts of self-harm and suicide are often part of depression. An inner voice says, seemingly at random, “I want to die,” or “I should kill myself.” Visions of falls, car crashes, or other catastrophes float up unbidden. Secret envy arises when someone dies suddenly.
If you have a plan to kill yourself, please read Thinking About Suicide? Read This First. Reach out for help! Call a suicide hotline such as 1-800-SUICIDE, or your local emergency services at 911. You deserve help, and you deserve to live.
Suicidal feelings can be ongoing without a plan to act on them. When an inner voice wants to die, it has a reason. There might be overwhelming physical and emotional pain, intense shame, current or past helplessness, or flashbacks to freeze during trauma.
Hidden critic
The despondent inner voice might be responding to messages from an underground Inner Critic who sows shame in a misguided attempt to be safer from attacks from the outside world. Barbara McGavin writes about “checking the undergrowth” when she notices feelings of shame and despair. She recommends turning toward both the collapsing part and attacking part with kind attention. “They need to be heard, sensed, allowed to say just how bad it is, and just exactly how it is that bad for them.”
Inner parts that want to die might be caught in flashbacks to earlier times when it looked like dying was the only way out from abusive situations. Even if life is still hard now, it is important to take note of our increased resources and options as adults.
Increased options
The inertia of depression can make it hard to take advantage of our increased options. When energy is limited and everything looks hopeless, it is hard to know what changes might make things better. Look for opportunities in small glimmerings of hope, a slight lift of interest in trying something new, or a slight increase in energy.
When you can, make small changes. Look for patterns in when you feel better and worse. Pay attention to the things you have “always known” you need. Gradually, you will find strategies that help consistently.
Look at physical reasons for depression: vitamin deficiencies and food intolerances can drastically affect energy and mood. Try spending more time outside, or find indoor movement you like, such as yoga. In the depths of winter, consider using a light box.
When you can afford the risk of rejection, reach out for support. To counter ongoing isolation, notice and treasure even brief connections. To connect with yourself, try meditation, a chance to simply pay attention to what is true for you right now.
Determination to live
Being alive is supposed to feel good. Basic bodily functions like movement, eating, breathing, sleeping, and connection with other beings are meant to be intrinsically rewarding. When trauma disconnects us from our body, we disconnect from that spark of joy.
Sense inside for your tenacious determination to live, the force that keeps you reaching out for help and reading internet articles and continuing to trudge forward even when you feel terrible.
You are not broken
I prefer a narrative with hope about depression. You are not broken. Your responses make sense. As you find ways to sit with inner terror and misery and loneliness for as long as they are there, they will gradually shift and make room for new feelings.
Learn more
- My thanks to Alice for a thought-provoking email exchange about why depression is not generally acknowledged as an effect of trauma.
- An excerpt from Johann Hari’s new book about depression, “Lost Connections: Uncovering The Real Causes of Depression – and the Unexpected Solutions.”
- In “Feeling Sad,” Robyn Posin affirms that “depression, grief, despair and feeling blue are natural and expectable parts of being alive and growing.”
- Barbara McGavin shares how she lives with feeling suicidal in “The ‘Victim’, the ‘Critic’ and the Inner Relationship: Focusing with the Part that Wants to Die.”
- A poem by Kaitlyn Boulding, “Questions to Ask Yourself Before Giving Up.”The “Condition” block allows you to set up conditions and route calls based on them.
To add the block to your IVR, go to the Publisher Management > Setup > Call Routing / IVR section, click the “IVR” tab. Select the IVR schema and click the "Constructor" button in the “Actions” column.
To add the “Condition” block to your IVR, switch your IVR to Configuration Mode, and select the “Condition” block icon in the block list. Then, to set up the block, click the “Block Settings” button (the button with the “Gear” icon) and fill in the following fields:
Title: Enter the name of the block.
Condition setting: Select the required condition from the drop-down list (when selecting one of the options, the additional field(s) will appear):
Return Client: Set the condition to check if the caller is a returning client (a call from this number was sold to a buyer before) within the set period.
Return client during: Enter the number of days and/or hours to set up the time frame for the system to check for a previous call.
Lead Field Equal: Set the condition to check if the value the caller input during the previous call matches the value set in the block. You can select a value that matches any product field or any value requested in the branching block of this IVR.
Available Fields: Select the field for comparison from the drop-down list.
Value: Enter the value to compare (the number from 0 to 999999)
Last Block Previously call: Set the condition to check the last block in the previous call. Note: To set up this condition, you need to build your IVR flow first and then return to this block to configure it.
IVR Block: Select the IVR Block from the drop-down list.
Click the “Save” button.
The “Condition” block allows you to route the IVR based on checking the results. The “Y” button corresponds to “Yes” (when the call meets the set condition), and the “N” button corresponds to “No” (when the call does not meet the set condition).Discover the hidesGet closer to nature
Explore the lakesJoin us on a bird walk
Enjoy a visit to the parkPlan your visit
Sunrise at Lea Farm LakeSites of interest
Winter at Lavell's LakeJoin our work parties
Latest News
Colour ringed Little Egret originated from Walthamstow
The … read more
An incentive to reach LWT’s goal of 500 memberships
L … read more
Lea Farm Lake – North Spit Hide formal EA & planning application imminent
It’s taken a while to fund raise enough, to get specifications set out and to get the people arranged to build, but we are pretty much there and are about to go ahead with Environment Agency permission paperwork. One requirement is that the floor level will be above the 1:100 year flood level, which was … read more
Web Site Available Again
The fact you can see this means the web site is up and is now on it’s new host, so it should not disappear on Wednesday when the old host is shutdown. Email has now been setup so “Contact us” should work now, but there is still a problem of getting stuck on multiple sending … read more
LWT Web Site Host Changing
UPDATE: Web Site moving 10pm tonight Sunday 12th September, so will disappear for a while – hopefully will be back up in a few hours. DO NOT POST UPDATES AFTER 10pm. I tried to do a seemless changeover but that does not seem to work as I hoped. Our current web site host will be … read more
Extra work party 15th August
The end of the bird nesting season is upon us and we have lots to do, so we are having extra work parties for most of the rest of this year. 15th August is about increasing the speed of growth and spread of the Phragmites in the Network Rail created diggings. We need people with … read more
Ron’s Hide – Use of booking continues till 19th July
Note – Booking of Ron’s hide is no longer required since most Covid restrictions have been lifted. LWT has had to follow latest Government rules and will maintain the use of the booking application, the good news is that there are lots of slots available and as dawn is so early, nobody should face … read more
LWT AGM Tuesday 15th June 2021
Please remember to join the AGM on Tuesday 15th June at 7:30pm on Zoom. You should have been sent the Zoom meeting details if you are a member and we have your correct email address.
Ron’s hide at Lea Farm Lake re-opening 12th April
Note – Booking of Ron’s hide is no longer required since most Covid restrictions have been lifted. In line with the Government’s step 2, LWT will be re-opening Ron’s hide on 12th April, from 05:00. As before access will be via the Visibook application, bookings are only available to LWT members A full list of … read more
2020 LWT Bird Review
The 2020 LWT bird review can be downloaded here
L.W.T Facebook Group
Find Of The Day Youtube Channel
@LWTLatestNews
Become a LWT member
Join LWT and support our conservation work and outreach
Work parties and walks
Come on our monthly bird walks or our conservation work parties
If you want a good cheap Genoa moving company, it should be easy to find one. Three Men and a Truck is the team for you. We help you with your local or long-distance move. No matter the size of the move, we can make it so much easier. Our team will help you move your home or your business to your new location.
Long-Distance Moving Company
With the help of the right team, you gain access to options, such as:
- Packing Services: Our packing and unpacking options make moving so much easier.
- Moving Supplies: Getting the right packing supplies and materials can ensure even your most fragile items are protected.
- An On-Time Move: If you want a moving crew that will show up on time, without delay, we are the right team for the job.
- Upfront Pricing: Our moving estimates give you the transparent pricing you desire.
- Licensed and Insured: With our movers, you get the full protection you need for your things.
It’s not an easy process to relocate your life. However, it’s necessary in some cases. Our team will make it quite a bit easier on moving day. We will ensure you get the moving services you desire to arrive faster to your new destination.
Local Movers
Choosing the right Illinois moving company will give you the team you need for your local move. You’ll save plenty of time and energy with professional movers on your team. If you’re ready to make your local move simple, it’s time to choose a team that you can count on.
Three Men and a Truck offers the right team for the job. We streamline the entire moving process to make things simple. With our help, you’ll get moved in faster. A move that would take you several days, we can do it in a few hours.
If you’re looking for the right Genoa moving company, call us today!
A Look At Our Services
We offer more than just moving services for those relocating their home. We also offer the following:
- Long-distance moving
- Local moving
- International moving
- Residential moves
- Commercial moves
- Moving and storage
- Movers and packers
- Movers with a truck
- Furniture moving
- Military moving
Whether you need to move one neighborhood over or all the way across the globe, we can help you. We offer all kinds of moving services to make things so much easier. Our team is ready to help you today.
Cost & Time Examples For Moving To Or From Genoa
*Prices and times are estimated. They can vary depending on the season and other factors. Get a quote custom-tailored to you.
Resources
Genoa, Illinois Neighborhood Areas We Serve
Our local moving services are proud to help with your move in any of the neighborhoods you see below. And if you don't see your neighborhood listed here, don't worry because we can most likely service it.
60135CrateDiggers
EarDrumz "the MetroGnome"* - Vinyl Vixens (2xLP) - USED
Released: 2008
Format: Vinyl, LP
Sleeve condition: Very Good Plus
Media condition: Mint
Tracklist:
[A1] On Her Behalf
[A2] Shootin' 4 Her Heart
[A3] Shout & I Moan ('til Another Day)
[A4] Never, My Love
[B1] Winter JazzMine
[B2] To: Sandy Warner (Smoke Ring Proposal)
[B3] Diggin' U, Diggin' Me
[B4] Strange Bedfellows
[C1] Once Knew (Whut Love Is)
[C2] My Old Flame
[C3] Martian Beauty Pageant
[C4] Traces
[D1] Bastard Out Of Carolina (1983)
[D2] Hello's & GoodByez
[D3] .44 Caliber Love (Comes Down)
Instrumentals dedicated to the alluring ladies of vintage album covers
D3 mentioned as BonusQuick Answer
Inasmuch as we are getting newer titles coming for Mac, getting a Mac for gaming is totally not worth it. There is no arguing the fact that it is powerful for almost any other task that you will put it to, but as a result of its design, it will mostly disappoint when it comes to serious gaming.
Whenever Apple computers are mentioned, capability comes to mind because of their innovative design, enduring functionality and excellent software. Nonetheless, gamers have always seemed to distance themselves whenever you mention making use of Mac for gaming whether you are comparing it to a PC or you are looking at it independently.
Gaming on Apple’s iOS platform is gradually gaining weight, this may mean that we are coming to a closer to using Apple computers for serious gaming. However, this may not necessarily be true even though Apple has come up with the Metal which is its graphical API for gaming developers.
Even as they have both the beauty and the brains for many things that you would call them for, gaming is not something Mac computers make any good showing to because of their hardware design, their easy upgradability, software, and the fact that they are very expensive compared to a normal gaming PC.
Performance
It is no secret that the Mac is better when you have your eyes set on general performance when compared to the PC, but because of its design, hardware, and software, it is unable to stand the PC in terms of gaming performance. This is because the PC is much better to overclock than the Mac and when looking at things like the frames per second for competitive gaming, you will be better off putting your money on the PC.
For the general gaming experience, the Mac computer falls short of the PC not just because of its compact build, but also because the idea of its design did not include gaming.
Hardware and Upgradability
Mac computers have significantly improved their hardware development which is beginning to favour gaming, but the thing is that it is still yet to get there. You can now get Macs that come with good processors as well as GPUs and while they may be cute, you will still find them unable to answer the tough questions of a gamer.
Back to the graphics, you may not bring yourself to fault the cards that Apple uses, but you will also not bet on the drivers because they happen to find their way under the much superior drivers of the Windows OS. What this means is that many games that will perform well on Windows may not perform that well on Mac.
More than the improvement in the Hardware, the main thing that gamers want is the ease with which they can improve on their gaming PC, something they can easily do by just changing the RAM, GPU, Processors or other things. That is one place where Mac has failed gamers because you will not be able to easily upgrade your gaming computer as you may like and sometimes the hardware it comes with may not necessarily be good enough.
Game availability
In the gaming community, it is not only gamers that look down on the Mac but also developers and that is why you will find out that many titles get released on Consoles and PCs before they get to be released on Mac much later. That is gradually changing because as said, there are now titles that are coming at almost the same time as the PC release, but it isn’t significant.
In fact, not too many games are presently available on MacOS even when you look at places like Steam Store where you will discover that there are less than eight thousand games available for the operating system. When you compare this to the over twenty thousand games available for Windows, you will realize that getting a Mac for gaming may not be the way to go. That said, the Mac is still more populated than the Linux, but it still falls a long way behind.
See Also: PC Gaming vs Console Gaming – Which One Should I Choose?
Interestingly enough but not surprising, there are many free games that you can get with your PC when compared to those you will get with Mac.
Price
When it comes to the price difference, one cannot pretend not to notice the massive difference between Mac computers and others. This great difference does not only exist in getting the computers themselves but also in trying to have them upgraded as their hardware also come as expensive as the main product itself.
Another thing is that getting peripherals that can easily work for you on a Mac is different from getting those that would work for you on any other computer. This also makes it hard for many to bring themselves to even contemplate getting a Mac.
Mac For Gaming in 2018?
At the end of it all, there is no serious reason why you as a serious gamer should get a Mac for gaming even if you can afford it. One can easily argue as seen above, that some of its hardware is good for gaming but when you look at the operating system itself, the availability of games, upgradability, and even price among other things, a Mac OS is not the one you should get for gaming.
If, on the other hand, you have an Apple computer for something else and you are wondering whether you can use it for gaming, there is no reason why you should not. Nonetheless, you will have a much more limited title availability and your general gaming experience may fall behind what you may get with a Windows OS. If you want to avoid this, you can simply have a partition on the disk drive using the Apple’s Boot Camp software and install Windows OS and then replace the graphics drivers that your system comes with. This should allow you to have a better gaming.
Not much has changed in 2018 to make gaming on Mac any special than what we had before now, but with games becoming more popular than ever, maybe the future will afford us something better, but that will only be if Mac is able to become cheaper also.A group of researchers has identified a common link between “Peralt Syndrome”, a rare genetic disease that causes hearing loss in both men and women, and premature menopause or infertility in women.Researchers at the University of Manchester in the United Kingdom could make a difference in the diagnosis and treatment of people with Peralt Syndrome. […]
Follow the band on Facebook and Instagram for more info and pics.
November 1st 2018
Have a listen to these new bands by former dp-members, both bands released a new album:
August 15th 2013
The re-release of the 1998 demo-tape 'La Migra' is available for stream and download on all platforms. Check out the links at the RVPrecords website:
August 4th 2013
15 years ago we recorded and released our very first 5-track demo tape called 'La Migra'. To celebrate this we'll re-release the album digitally on august 15th.
November 8th 2011
A music player has been added to the audio section.
May 28th 2011
It's been five years to the day that we played our last show in Eindhoven (Effenaar - NL). See the Shows section for more info.
January 1st 2011
The domain has been reactivated
Also check the new Seamiew Records website
December 13th 2010
The album 'Leaves of Grass EP' is available in iTunes: download link
December 12th 2010
The album 'Tsumi' is available in iTunes: download link
December 11th 2010
The album 'Middles EP' is available in iTunes: download link
December 10th 2010
The album 'Sharp Instead' is available in iTunes: download link
December 4th 2010
The schedule of the digital releases in iTunes:
December 10 2010 - Sharp Instead
December 11 2010 - Middles EP
December 12 2010 - Tsumi
December 13 2010 - Leaves of Grass
November 28th 2010
All albums will be released iTunes one at a time, starting with 'Sharp Instead' december 10th.
Ocotber 28th 2010
All Dreadlock Pussy albums released on Seamiew Records will be available for download at iTunes, Spotify and the rest of the 'usual suspects' this Christmas. More info and links will follow by that time.
October 2nd 2009
The first draft of the Dreadlock Pussy iPhone app has been submitted to Apple for review.
August 19th 2009
The start of developing an Apple iPhone application has been made (see previews and screenshots here). Be sure to check back regularly for updates.
Also the label manager is working on getting all the Dreadlock Pussy albums in the iTunes store for download. Be patient, but until then you can already download 'Palm Bridge Rd.'.
May 31st 2009
The page with all the shows is updated with links to some venues, festivals and support acts.
May 2nd 2009
You can find Dreadlock Pussy on Twitter: @dreadlockpussy
April 18th 2009
The website is finished with as much information I could gather.
A guestbook (externally hosted) was added to leave a message.
January 15th 2009
The site nears completion; A list of all the previous shows was added. I still need some input for the member-pages and the video-section.
January 4th 2009
The idea for this site, being a Dreadlock Pussy-archive, was born.Over-the-knee boots are a Fall staple for a reason. They are an easy way to instantly elevate your outfit, even if you're just wearing a simple sweater with a pair of jeans. Since not every girl wants to spend all of her money on just one pair, we've created a list of our favorite over-the-knee boots at every price point. Whether you splurge on a pair of floral-embroidered Balenciaga boots that will set you back $1,000 or a more affordable Topshop design, we've rounded up 50 of the best styles of the season.Description
“The sun on your skin”
Rich in bixin in synergy with Selenium, Urucum is a natural anti-oxidant that helps maintain the skin.
Bixin is similar to beta carotene: Urucum contains 100 times more bixin than beta carotene.
When the Portuguese arrived on Brazilian territory and penetrated the Amazon, they found that the Indians were coated with a red powder to protect themselves from the sun and mosquitoes! It was actually Urucum. The Portuguese named it “the Red Skins” after this meeting.
Traditional condiment, it colours all your dishes (rice, meat, Kurakkan, salad…) and flavours them with a delicate touch.
FLAVOURS
Very characteristic notes of saffron and mustard seeds. Can be used as a natural food colouring to obtain orange rust hues.
NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION PER 100 GRAMS
Energy value:
Kcal 390;
KJ 1649
Fat: 4.8 g;
Of which saturated fatty acids: 1,47 g
Carbohydrates: 70.7;
Of which sugars: 6.3 g
Protein: 15.9 g
Salt: 0 g
Bixine/Provitamin A (carotenoids): 3200mg
Selenium: 20 μgIT'S TIME TO TAKE YOUR BUSINESS MOBILE
Having the right design and branding for your mobile app or website plays a huge part in the digital strategy we create for you. We keep an eye on all the latest developments in technology and use the latest web techniques on our projects. With the latest Google algorithm update it is now more important than ever that your site is mobile friendly. Keeping your mobile app up-to-date is vitally important aswel. We will always ensure your information is accurate and fresh.
Company Profile
Established in July 2015, Cynergy Tech have developed over 100 Mobile Applications and over 60 Mobile Optimised Websites. We have grown exponentially in this time and continue to be one of the most reliable and professional development companies in the UK. We pride ourselves on our clients reviews, with over 40 out of 40 five star reviews on our Social media pages, Cynergy Tech is a company you can trust.using my services again or usually passing on my details to their family and friends. I take on large and smallcontracts using only the highest quality paints and finishes. You can contact myself if you require a detailed contact list of previous clients.
><<
Friendly and reliable painting and decorating service. With over 25 years experience, Mark takes pride in delivering work to a very high standard. Interior and exterior decorating, including painting,papering, tiling, coving and other general maintenance..
.Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum
E-health is a more general term that Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum the use of both telecommunication and information technologies, for the delivery of health services both at a distance and locally. Hence e-health is the overall, umbrella field that encompasses telemedicine.
A 1997 report by the House of Representatives Standing Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum on Family and Community Affairs (SCFCA) listed substantial barriers, many of which have still to be resolved. Further, e health presented difficulties under an existing Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum of state and territory restricted practitioner registration, given that it could be practised across jurisdictions. The SCFCA perhaps viewed these too simplistically in concluding that mol immun Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum illegitimate access.
It Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum therefore recommended that an information model based on Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum consumers' custodianship of their medical history, identified by the sub-sets of the Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum number and supported by a high security national backup facility, should be established and controlled by the Health Insurance Commission.
So too, while industry was moving ahead with the development of technology, there had been little consultation with health professions and evaluation of pilots. All in all, the project process had Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum.
In July 2000 the Taskforce proposed the HealthConnect project. Under the BMMS Medicare numbers were to be used to create a personal electronic medical record which linked prescriptions for medications written by different doctors and dispensed by different pharmacies.
The system was music therapy initio to minimise the incidence of medication misadventure, to be useful in emergency situations and to minimise the practice of doctor-shopping.
Evaluation of the testing appeared to vindicate criticisms and to emphasise that technical and policy issues johnson us encourage provider and consumer participation needed to be re-considered before Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum health initiatives could be realistically implemented.
These commenced in Tasmania and the Northern Territory in 2002, with sites in other states following in 2003 and 2005..
The smartcard was to contain information such as organ donor status and PBS expenditure data, in addition to providing access to standard Medicare services-all accompanied by a photo of the holder. EFA has grave concerns about privacy and security in relation to such proposals and considers the roll out of smart cards by government has Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum extremely high potential to result in the equivalent of an Australia Card, whether or not that is the government's intention at the outset.
People began to ask if the collection of information to be included on electronic cards would remain voluntary and to Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum extent they would be able Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum exercise meaningful control over the use and disclosure of that information (all of which is implied in the cartoon shown later in this section). Detractors, on the other hand, envisaged scenarios of information tampering and the possibility of government surveillance of citizens.
Because these were neither interoperable nor scalable, according to BCG, what was needed was a central collaborative body. The task of the new body, funded painful birth contractions by the state, territory and federal governments, sounded familiar-to advance the e health agenda through development of e health standards, clinical terminologies and patient and provider identifiers.
Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum thirds of stakeholders said that NEHTA did not acknowledge or respond to their feedback when they had engaged. NEHTA has also delayed seeking important feedback from users until relatively late in the process, potentially missing out on practical advice on how to make solutions work in local contexts, or overengineering aspects of them beyond what was required. There have been suggestions that NEHTA should have been replaced by a more inclusive and powerful Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum. Such as body, it has been claimed may be better able to support e health initiatives, target investment funding, help identify solutions and coordination opportunities and encourage adoption of, and compliance with e health strategies.
More importantly for some, the Government appeared to have let the responsibility for development of the national e health agenda rest principally with a bureaucracy, that is, with NEHTA. Indeed, it could be argued from an opposing perspective Multivitamins for Infusion (Cernevit)- FDA while it had not made leaps and bounds towards an e health future, when it left office in late 2007 the Howard Government had laid foundations from which future e health development could proceed.
As is frequently the case with Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum change of government in Australia, the Labor administration, which came to power in November 2007, was determined to strike out in new directions from its predecessor. In the case of e health, Labor quickly commissioned an investigation from the Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum company Deloitte to help to define these directions.
There were also increasing levels of e health activity at the national and state and territory levels, which ranged from infrastructural initiatives to clinical information system initiatives.
So, as a result, Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum lagged behind comparable countries in e health development by years, or even decades (see the diagram below for comparative Phenoxybenzamine (Dibenzyline)- Multum. The Government Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum its strategy, however, as the right approach to delivering core e health infrastructure without duplication of costs and efforts and with Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Mult. Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum included developing consumer and care provider identifiers, establishment of standards, rules and protocols for information exchange and protection and implementation of underlying physical computing and networking infrastructure.
Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum was also to deal with tasks such as the implementation of individual electronic health records. At the same time, any restructure, especially one which intended to give more power to a bureaucracy, would most likely have in itself attracted complaints that e health funding was being misdirected or that the progress of e health projects was being impeded.
It also made a number of its own e health recommendations, although it acknowledged most of these had been advanced in some form or another elsewhere. Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum some e health successes at state, territory and federal levels, lack of connectivity across jurisdictions and settings in which health care was delivered in Australia meant information sharing within the national health system was at best limited and fragmented, and at worst, non-existent.
This section discusses how plans to build certain Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum particular health care identifiers and authentication services and personally controlled health records to enable effective electronic sharing Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum information Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum the Australian health sector-are progressing. The Howard Government commissioned NEHTA in 2006 to begin work on the technical design for a national healthcare identifiers service which would be provided to Medicare card Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum. Only weeks after its election wheel 2007 the Rudd Labor Government contracted the scoping, design, build and testing of Lenalidomide (Revlimid)- FDA service Antihemophilic Factor (Koate)- Multum Medicare Australia.
Labor acted on the advice of the NHHRC and recommendations from Deloitte in continuing development of the service, instigating a series of national consultations on a legislative framework to underpin the governance, privacy and agreed uses.Further.....
wholesale nba jerseys from china This development in the domain of nature photography has stirred new nba cheap jerseys times of photographers to look at nature photography as a leisure activity or possible calling. I got your back covered. Necessary tools and basic techniques are shown in the following article. wholesale nba jerseys from china
cheap nba Jerseys china We treated the animal for deep lacerations and profuse bleeding from tongue and mouth. The snare could have been fatal. The hyena is currently under observation and we are administering painkillers and antibiotics.. cheap nba Jerseys china
cheap nba basketball jerseys When Ketay finally does go to reapply, he’ll be joining the more than 221,000 people who did the same thing last week. That’s up by about 48,000 applications over the week before that. Ketay is only the latest example of the human impact of the problems people are having with Florida’s unemployment system. cheap nba basketball jerseys
cheap nba cheap nba jerseys
cheap nba Jerseys from china As a fan, I thought it was cool that she dressed up to honor Amy. I had no ill intent, but I understand how it appears insensitive. My bad twitterville... cheap nba Jerseys from china
cheap jerseys nba Premier League stars snap up guard dogs amid growing concern over increase in burglariesAnd Kane insists he is happy to follow advice on returning to training in small groups, hopefully in the next couple of weeks, as chiefs look towards a restart behind closed doors next month.”Since the lockdown we started doing Zoom sessions pretty much every day,” he told ITV Good Morning Britain.”About a week ago we started going into the training ground for one on one training, still making sure we were social distancing.”We had [coronavirus] tests on Monday and all the players and the staff came back negative.”It going to be a really difficult situation [playing without fans]. Liverpool deserve the title and to lift it without their fans will be a really strange situation.”We haven been through a time like this in my lifetime so it hard to know what the right thing to do is. The fans are a massive part of football. cheap jerseys nba
cheap nba Jerseys free shipping Both could work in an emergency, but they weren’t practical solutions to the problem at hand: what we could reasonably wear on the rare occasions that we needed to go out. And by rare occasions, I mean going to the pharmacy at Ralph’s to pick up my mother’s blood pressure medication. Or that CVS run I still need to make for some hair dye to touch up my roots.. cheap nba Jerseys free shipping
wholesale nba basketball James made 10 tackles with one pass breakup in his freshman season. Is the starting field corner and spent some time at Nickel during the spring. Outside corners are almost always capable of flipping sides though and with Mykael Wright the No. Tre Ford (Niagara Falls/) was electric once again for the black and gold, finishingthe year with 168 completions for 2,158 yards and 12 TD’s. Tre finished the season with the ninth most yards per game (280.7). With his legs, he ran an incredible 634 yards and six more touchdowns, including three highlight reel runs in the epic Battle of Waterloo. wholesale nba basketball
wholesale nba jerseys wholesale nba jerseys.This cleared, level and dry lot is ready to build your beach house in Seagrove located just off 30A. This property is tucked away on back side of Elm with the beach access at a half mile away at the end of San Juan. The location can be beat in the neighborhood of Gulf Shore Manor with 3 beach accesses and a short bike ride to the town of Seaside. The low density location has minimal traffic amongst a peaceful setting. There is no mandatory hoa, build out time or restrictions beyond Walton County guidelines. This neighborhood is a diverse mix of full time, second home owners and short term rentals making it the ideal spot all year round. The possibilities are endless with this lot. This lot is not located in wetlands or dune lake tributary area***Buyer is responsible for personally verifying details about this property. Any information contained in this listing is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed.****
Listing courtesy of Davis Properties Of Nw Fl.Adult coloring book free picture ideas printable books published and calendar art is fun abstract page by.
Cretive faces adult coloring book uncategorized free picture ideas elephant pages for adults easy peasy and.
Adult coloring book free pdf color bymber beautiful patterns an with fun easy and relaxing pages full download uncategorized.
Color our collections coloring book pages adult free picture ideas uncategorized from museums.
Coloring page mandala 600x776 adult book free picture ideas quick relaxation tips printable pages.
Uncategorized adult coloring book free picture ideas colorfy style color v3 plus apk download.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas printable pages for adults with swear words uncategorized cfs.
Adult coloring book free uncategorized pin on fun picture.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas uncategorized pin on zentangles colouring pages.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas screen uncategorized app for android apk.
Uncategorized more free printable adult coloring pages nerdy mamma book picture ideas awesome.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas uncategorized best 1024x404 printable pages for adults with swear.
Adult coloring pages free ebook favecrafts com book picture ideas uncategorized cover large500 id.
Free adult coloring pages scaled book picture ideas uncategorized page samples by.
Adult coloring book free the calm lovely images to set your imagination by arcturus holdings limited paperback target guest 8d22abaf.
Coloring books free pages gift from us to you macmillan library adult book picture ideas.
The best adult coloring books you can buy muse image uncategorized book free picture.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas uncategorized 2110241 960 720 page image on.
Adult coloring book free printable pages for adults uncategorized picture ideas hattifant butterfly cg 2.
Uncategorized adulting book free picture ideas pages and printable favecrafts com pinterest large400 id.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas uncategorized pages that are not boring printable to stress.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas banner update uncategorized pages for adults printables faber castell.
Adult coloring book free picture ideas page printables plaid online bird pages.
Free pdf adult coloring pages at getdrawings download uncategorized book picture.
Uncategorized adult coloring book free picture ideas totally awesome pages the quiet grove printable. typically rusts when exposed to air and moisture.
If you are looking for largest supplier of 301 Stainless Steel Coil in India, Hot Rolled 301 SS Coil importer, Navpad Steel can offer you very best price of ASTM/ASME A240 301 Stainless Steel Coil in shortest delivery time. ASTM B625 301 Astm Jis Sus 201 202 301 304 304l 316 316l 310 410 430 Packaging Details ASTM JIS SUS 201 202 301 304 304l 316 316l 310 410 430 stainless steel sheet Mirror finish gold color coated stainless steel Packaging Details:Packed with waterproof paper+iron strip+metal pallet or other seaworthy export packing in 20' or 40' containeror as per customers' requirements Delivery Detail:7-10 days Port
China 201 202 301 304 316 Hot Rolled Stainless Steel Flat Bar, Find details about China Stainless Steel Flat Bar, Stainless Flat Bar from 201 202 301 304 316 Hot Rolled Stainless Steel Flat Bar - Qingdao Highleader International Supply Chain Co. Ltd. Clamps - Shop NovaLight Telecom SupplyDesigned to securely grip messenger cable. Clamps accept 1/4" (6.6M) to 7/16" (16M) messenger strand. Made from rolled, high quality steel, hot dip galvanized per ASTM A153 for maximum corrosion protection. Furnished with two 1/2" track bolts and square nuts. Mount messenger assembly to pole with a 5/8" bolt thru center hole. Standard Package Consulting - Specifying Engineer Specifying pipe and.
Oct 02, 2020 · Long Product Prices Mumbai. Hot-Rolled Wide Coil 2-3mm thickness, width over 1.1 metres. Hot-Rolled Plates 15-40mm thickness, width over 2.0 metres. Cold-Rolled Coils 0.8mm thickness, width over 1.3 metres. Hot Priced supply hot rolled ASTM 301 Galvanised Coils 0.63-0.8mm thickness, width over 1.1 metres, coating thickness 275 gm/m2.). Stainless steel cold rolled coil:thickness 0.3 Hot rolled 304 301 201 316L 409L 430 Stainles-Ester stainless steel hot rolled coil sheet plate strip 301 304 . hot rolled coil sheet plate strip 301 304 AISI 301 304 304L 310S 316L 321 409L 410S 430 439 441 444 445 EN-Shandong. Steel Sheet & Plate -] Factory Supply SUS 304/430 Stainless Steel StripsChina Factory Supply SUS 304/430 Stainless Steel Strips, Find details about China Stainless Steel Strips, Cold Rolled Strip from Factory Supply SUS 304/430 Stainless Steel Strips - Foshan Xin Zhan Metal Materials Co., Ltd. hot rolled astm stainless steel plate 301 321 agents in Some results are removed in response to a notice of local law requirement.For more information,please see here.Previous123456Next301 STAINLESS STEELDec 13,2016 hot rolled astm stainless steel plate 301 321 agents in chin#0183;Type 301 is an austenitic chromium-nickel stainless steel.This alloy is non-magnetic in the annealed condition,but
Professional manufacturer hot sale Cold rolled ASTM 304 stainless steel coil with cheap price Grade:201(halft copper/Full copper), 301, 304, 304L, 316, 316L,409, 409L, 410L, 430, 410, 420
Please Click here
Your email address will not be published. Required fiels are markedIn life, we always have our ups and downs, and sometimes it can be difficult to know if we are on the right path.
If you know what to look for, there are signs all around you from your guardian angels telling you to stay the course. Such is the case with angel number 2727.
If you are seeing angel number 2727 a lot, maybe on receipts, on television, in phone numbers, etc. it could be a sign from above.
Our guardian angels often send messages in the form of numbers, since they can’t communicate with us directly.
Seeing angel number 2727 is often a sign that you are definitely headed in the right direction, even if it seems as though you are not.
Keep reading to learn more about the meaning behind angel number 2727.
The Key Meanings of Angel Number 2727
Angel number 2727 is a very significant number. Not only are the numbers 2 and 7 very powerful on their own, you are seeing them doubled.
This means that angel number 2727 has a lot of significance, and it is something that you should not ignore.
Angel number 2 is associated with order, consistency, tolerance, acceptance, stability, and security, among other things. It also has an association with reassurance, help, and your direction.
Angel number 7 is associated with knowledge, as well as spirituality, empathy, and luck.
This number is appearing to you to help you learn about self-awareness.
So, when you are seeing angel number 2727, know that your guardian angels are telling you that you are definitely doing things right in life.
All you have to do is look inside yourself and you will know this to be true.
Your guardian angels are sending you a very important message through angel number 2727.
Basically, they are saying that your life can change dramatically for the better, as long as you continue to rely on your great intuition.
#1 Great Opportunities Lie Ahead
When you see angel number 2727, it could be a sign that there are many opportunities available to you.
Now is the time to work on yourself, in the psychological sense and materially.
You need to ask yourself one question. What do you need to do in order to progress and move forward in life?
Your guardian angels are trying to let you know that you are progressing, and they want to point you in the right direction.
Have you been wondering if you are doing all that you can in order to better your life?
Great opportunities are in store for you. It’s time to open your eyes and see them for what they truly are.
Once you see the opportunities available to you, it is up to you to reach out and take what you want.
Seeing angel number 2727 is a sign that you need to do this now, and that you need to know how to use what is being presented to you.
#2 Don’t Look Back
Your guardian angels want you to know that you need to continue looking ahead, and don’t look back. In order to keep moving ahead, you will need to get out of your comfort zone.
Angel number 2727 is often a sign that learning new things is important, and this is going to help keep you on track.
There is new knowledge just waiting to be discovered by you, and it is going to affect your life in a very positive way.
The trick is to never look back. Don’t dwell on mistakes that you may have made in the past.
Yes, you should learn from them, but once you have learned, keep moving forward.
You have what it takes to succeed in every area of your life. Your guardian angels know this, and they are trying to impart this message to you through angel number 2727.
#3 Expect Happiness Such as You have Never Known
Angel number 2727 is often a sign that you are about to experience happiness greater than that which you have ever known.
Your guardian angels want you to look inside yourself to find your own personal strengths.
Once you are able to see what you are truly worth and what you are capable of, there will be no stopping you.
You may be questioning yourself, and whether or not you are on the right path in life.
Your guardian angels are trying to tell you that you are moving in the right direction, and to stay on that path for ultimate happiness.
Up until now, you may not have been connecting with your ultimate purpose, and you have likely questioned yourself about what your purpose actually is.
The time has come to start believing in yourself.
#4 Learn from Pain and Challenges
Obviously, not everything in your life has been peaches and cream. No one ever has a perfectly smooth life. The trick is to learn from the challenges and pain you have faced in the past.
Seeing angel number 2727 is a good sign that you need to work on your own happiness. This number is connected with joy and happiness, as well as curiosity.
It is likely that no matter what has happened to you in the past, your curiosity is strong enough to compel you to keep moving forward. You know something good is waiting, and you want to find it.
When you receive messages with angel number 2727, know that your guardian angels are giving you advice from above.
Seeing this number is no accident. There is a reason for it, and you need to know that the universe has great things in store for you.
2727 in Numerology
In numerology, there is what is known as a “master numbers category”. This means that certain numbers, such as angel number 2727, have more power than other numbers with single and double digits.
Number 2
Angel number 2 represents balance. It may be a sign that you need to take time to add more balance to your life.
Start spending time with your friends and family more often. Take more time for yourself. Relax, and enjoy all that life has to offer.
We all need to take a breather once in a while and just do things that make us happy. Your guardian angels are telling you that it is definitely okay for you to do this.
Number 7
Angel number 7 is connected with spirituality, introspection, and knowledge. You are being told that you need to be true to yourself in order to be truly happy, and to do this fearlessly.
You don’t need anyone’s permission to do the things that make you happy. You are in charge of your own happiness, and deep down, you know what it will take to make you happy.
What you need to do is sit down and look deep within yourself to understand how you can have a happy life.
Your guardian angels are always watching over you, and they will help you achieve true happiness, as long as you know how to decipher their messages.
2727 As A Master Number
As we mentioned earlier in this article, angel number 2727 is what is known as a master number.
Master numbers are far more powerful than other numbers. Because the digits are doubled, they are sending out double the vibes of other numbers.
Angel number 2727 is comprised of primary numbers, 2 and 7.
When you see these two numbers together, and doubled, it is a sign from above that your life has meaning, and it is going to be as fulfilling as you make it.
You already have the tools you need in order to have a balanced life. With these tools, you can easily balance your home, work, personal, and social life.
Angel number 2727 will also play a significant role in your relationships, including personal and business relationships.
It is often thought that this number will also help you connect with your soul mate (more on this in the next section).
Angel number 2727 may also be trying to warn you that your romantic relationship is not as it should be.
This number plays a big role in your relationships with everyone around you.
These people can help to guide you through life, and your guardian angels have sent angel number 2727 to remind you of this.
❤️ Related Post: Learn Numerology: An Easy To Understand Beginners Guide
2727 Meaning for Twin Flames and Love
The strongest force in the universe is obviously love, and ultimately it is love that motivates us all. It is also one of the biggest motives for your guardian angels to send you messages through angel numbers.
Your guardian angels are filled with unconditional love for you, and they want you to know that you can embrace love in all forms without any guilt.
Angel number 2727 has a deep connection to love, and your guardian angels want you to know that love is all around you. You just have to open your eyes to see it.
Let’s take a deeper look at the role angel number 2727 plays when it comes to love and twin flames.
2727 Meaning for Love and Relationships
The love vibrations from angel number 2727 are about as strong as it gets.
When you see this number frequently, it could be a message from your guardian angels telling you that you need to embrace love.
The information being sent to you are important. It is going to help you learn more about yourself, what you want and need from relationships, and how to reach out and grab what you want.
These messages are not only telling you to look at your relationship with your partner (if you are indeed in a relationship), but also to look at all sensitive matters in your life.
You need to ask yourself one question: what do you need from love at this particular moment in your life. Again, it comes down to introspection, and knowing deep down what will make you happy.
Seeing angel number 2727 is a sure sign that you will find the answers you are looking for within yourself.
Once you find these answers, it is time to find that connection, or if you are in a relationship, work on making the connection even stronger.
2727 Meaning for Love when Single
If you are not currently in a relationship, seeing angel number 2727 is a good sign that you are going to find your true love very soon. You need to be open and receptive to all possibilities at this time.
Before you can open yourself to love, you need to learn how to love yourself.
Only then will you know your true worth, and know if a romantic interest is going to be that person who is going to treat you with the love that you deserve.
Angels numbers 2 and 7 both suggest that the happiness you seek will come to you in the right time.
It may not be today, but as long as you have faith, true love will enter your life sooner rather than later.
You also need to do things your own way. Don’t rely on what others tell you to look for in a partner. You have great intuition, and you will know when the right person comes into your life.
2727 Meaning for Twin Flames
Twin flames and soulmates are two entirely different things. A soulmate is your ideal match. But, a twin flame is like looking in a mirror. It is the yin to your yang.
When you find your twin flame, this is a person that is going to be so much like yourself that it is almost scary.
But, this is the person who is going to understand you the best, and who you are going to understand.
When it comes to twin flames, angel number 2727 has particular significance. This number can help you find your twin flame, and this person is going to be with you through thick and thin throughout the rest of your life.
Finding your twin flame may not be the easiest task in the world, but it is a worthwhile one.
When you do find that person, you will have an immediate connection.
Your guardian angels will likely send signs to help you to realize that this person is indeed your twin flame. But, you will already know that from that deep connection you make in the beginning.
Related Posts:
- Twin Flame Love – 7 Signs You’ve Found Your Souls Other Half
- 8 Amazing Twin Flame Stages To Reuniting With Your “Souls Other Half”
Conclusion
When you see angel number 2727 in multiple places, it is a sure sign that your guardian angels are telling you that great things are in store for you.
You are on the right path, and you need to keep following that path.
Know that your guardian angels are always watching over you, and that they want nothing but the best for you in all areas of your life.
Follow your own intuitions.
You know deep down what you want and need, and your guardian angels will always be there to help. You will know this when you see certain number combinations, such as angel number 2727.NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Police are now calling the death of a baby on the Lower East Side a homicide.
Investigators responded to a 911 call on Baruch Place just after 4 a.m. on June 17.
They found 22-month-old Charles Rosa-Velloso facedown on a bed, unconscious and unresponsive. He was pronounced dead at New York Downtown Hospital.
Police now say the child ingested a combination of cocaine laced with fentanyl. It’s unclear if he ingested the drugs accidentally or if it was fed to him.App for Black Friday & BFCM, motivate customers to buy more
The overall rating reflects the current state of the app. It accounts for all app reviews but prioritizes the most recent ones.
All reviews
Live Lively Inc
Love how easy it was to implement with just switching on certain features but did have one feature that didn't show up for some reason even though it is turned on on the back end.
Must Buy
let's see how it goes. i will leave next review after experience. i can not give you detail right now because i did not start to sell it yet
OWN
I only have English so I want you to add other languages
Please add Japanese Please add Japanese I don't know why I have to write a review so long
ShootingMaMa生活百貨零食雜貨百寶店
this is a great apps, and it is free for basic function.
I like it very much and i will continuously use it.
Shades by Sharlon
This is my first time using this app. Lets see how well it does!!! I'm soo excited!! Come on sales!!
AdventureT’s
I wish it had a video to help people like me navigate technology, I’ll have wait to see if it boosts my business.
mid-store SHUHARI
上手く機能しました。しかし、導入時の設定画面の理解が難しかったです。日本語版もほしいと思いました。また、バッジなどは日本人好みではないので使用は控えました。支払い方法のアイコンも古い情報のものが散見されるので、最新に更新した方が良いと思います。
A4dable Accessories
Almost all important features require upgrade. Not enough included in free version. Startup businesses need more free helper tools in the beginning, not more things with fees making it impossible to have enough funds left over to stock products.
DayDream
utilisation de l'application assez simple a utilisé reste plus qu'a voir si tout fonctionne parfaitement
Happy Vegan Way
It a bit glitched, mess with it a few times finally works. Can be frustrating but it attracting towards customers and makes your page look, feel trustworthy.How to Separate the Clooneys From the Carrot Tops in Your Email List.
Related: 3 Elements That Will Make or Break an Email Marketing Campaign
Think of your most valuable, highly engaged email contacts as your own "A-list," and your least valuable, maybe even inactive, contacts as your "D-list." It won't benefit you to wine and dine Carrot Top when you’ve got Clooney on speed dial, right? So, why bother? Instead, read on for advice on how to segment your email celebrities and strategically schmooze your contacts.
Celebrity segmentation
When segmenting your email contacts, keep things simple; don’t overcomplicate your efforts. Start by dividing your contacts into four main groups based on engagement levels:
- The A-List: These VIP contacts on your list almost always open your emails and frequently click through to make a purchase.
- The B-List: Your B-list contacts regularly open your emails and have probably made at least one purchase in the past.
- The C-List: This group occasionally opens emails but rarely makes purchases.
- The D-List: The D-list consists of duds who never interact with your email campaigns.
Email marketing tools can make segmentation easy by automatically generating an engagement score for each contact to represent his or her rates of interaction with your emails. Explicit information about your contacts, such as age, gender and location, is also very valuable. But what you really want to do is "up-level" your marketing for a personalized approach. And here the real value lies in mixing in any implicit insight you might have from your contacts’ actions.
For example, say a female celebrity wants to go incognito so she can browse the Web for a new pair of sunglasses. She ends up at her favorite online retailer, which already knows her age and gender (data that aids in narrowing down which brands and styles she is likely to be interested in).
But if that retailer goes further and incorporates information about which sunglasses she actually clicked on in her emails from the store, the company can market specific products and deals to her to encourage her (or, perhaps, her assistant) to make the purchase.
Another crucial step in segmentation is tracking how your contacts got onto your list in the first place. Whether the source of a lead is Facebook, Twitter, an online survey or an affiliate marketing partner, there's value in that context when it comes to your outreach strategy. Social media and mobile platforms, for instance, are most likely to deliver A-list contacts; you can assume that a contact who opted in from Twitter is fairly active online and more likely to interact with your email.
On the other hand, leads from a single in-store purchase may be less receptive to a high-frequency email marketing campaign. Either way, knowing the source of your leads allows you to segment by an individual's estimated level of interest.
Related: 3 Elements That Will Make or Break an Email Marketing Campaign
Star strategy
Two main concepts to be mindful of in email marketing strategy are frequency and content. In other words, you should pay attention to how often you email your contacts and what it is you send them. These factors fluctuate depending on which group you’re targeting.
Send your A-list contacts as many emails as they can handle. Consider the image of Halle Berry passing on the roles she’s not interested in. Similarly, she and other A-list contacts can handle a heavy volume of email outreach without being overwhelmed.
Content is also crucial here, as A-listers expect the very best, so pamper them with swag-bag worthy promotions.
Typically, producers seek out the hottest talent in Hollywood, since these are the names who bring in the biggest crowds, and, thus, the biggest bucks. In the same way, you can expect the major portion of your revenue to come from these email A-listers. Therefore, be mindful of the 80/20 rule and make your high-performing contacts your priority.
Meanwhile, don't ignore your B list. Send these people intermittent emails offering a variety of quality content, including useful and fun information, alongside your promotions. Your C- and D-listers should hear from you only rarely, with carefully crafted subject lines to test whether they're still interested.
Finally, the most efficient email marketing campaigns occur only cyclically. Focus on scrubbing your D-list and transforming those moderately engaged contacts into A-listers. Once you have a big group of Hollywood-esque heavy hitters, focus on creating blockbuster content for them
Then send big promotions at those times when you have a peak number of high-engagers -- and enjoy the results of your hard work.
Related: 3 Effective Strategies for Growing Your Subscriber List FasterCNN - Alcohol
and your heart: Just getting a buzz can trigger an irregular rhythm
The effects of alcohol on your heart can be immediate, triggering an irregular rhythm called atrial fibrillation or AFib, according to new state-of-the-art research.
Read more
ABC News
(Australia) - Alcohol-related admissions at Alice Springs Hospital dropped
sharply after introduction of alcohol policies, study finds
Alcohol-related admissions at Alice Springs Hospital's intensive care unit fell almost 40 per cent after a series of alcohol reforms were introduced in 2018, a new study reveals.
Read more
Hungary Today
(Hungary) - Hungarians Turned to Alcohol to Escape Quarantine
Alcohol consumption increased significantly in Hungary during quarantine in 2020, according to statistics published by the National Tax and Customs Administration (NAV). The trends in consumption show that this was not a normal seasonal change, but the direct decision of consumers.
Read more
STAT - Governments’
alcohol subsidies are harmful to public health
Each January, millions of people around the world make resolutions to cut back on the amount of alcohol they drink; many participate in the popular “dry January” pledge to give up alcohol altogether for a month. Given the high societal cost of harmful alcohol use, and the pandemic-driven increase in the use of alcohol, it’s a trend that should be encouraged.
Read more
Filter (Portugal)
- Lisbon, Portugal, Brings Alcohol Harm Reduction to Unhoused People
Around the world, unhoused people lost access to drugs they need to survive as a result of disruptions to incomes and reduced retail hours caused by COVID-19 lockdown measures.
Read more
News.com
(Australia) - Australia tops global survey in alcohol drank during COVID-19,
while 35 per cent gained weight
Australia tops a list of nations whose citizens admit they have consumed more booze than normal due to COVID-19 restrictions, an international survey has found.
Read more
Alcohol Justice
(USA) - Eight Challenges to Big Alcohol's Power in 2021
Big Alcohol is a term for the most powerful and profitable alcohol corporations of the world. Most Americans have little idea of the true size and scope of the global businesses behind the big brand names, let alone the way their practices endanger public health and safety.
Read more
The Walrus
(Canada) - We’re Drinking More in the Pandemic—and It’s a Problem
CANADIANS HAVE TRIED to cope with the miseries of COVID-19 in many ways, including spending more time on the internet, watching television, eating junk food, and playing board and video games. Another method, for at least 23 percent of Canadians, has been increased drinking throughout the pandemic.
Read more
Movendi - Groundbreaking
New Report Shows Lethal Interaction Between Alcohol and Coronavirus Pandemic.
Read more
The Irish Times (Ireland)
- Amazon stops alcohol sales in the North due to Brexit rules – report
Amazon has halted sales of wines, beers and spirits in the North and is preparing to delist more products due to new Brexit customs rules, broadcaster ITV reported on Tuesday.
Read more
Cancer.org (USA)
- by ACS researchers supports this recommendation.
Read more
VICE - Women
Regret Drunkenness More Than Men, Study Finds
The first results of the Global Drug Survey 2020 are in, offering fresh insights into pan-continental drug-taking and drinking trends that existed before coronavirus stopped people from meeting at pubs, clubs, festivals and in loud smoky kitchens.
Read more
Global Drugs
Survey 2020FAQ: What Education Is Needed.
Contents
- 1 What qualifications do I need to become a travel agent?
- 2 Do you need college to be a travel agent?
- 3 Can anyone become a travel agent?
- 4 How long is a travel agent course?
- 5 How does a travel agent get paid?
- 6 What is a travel agent salary?
- 7 Is it hard to become a travel agent?
- 8 Do travel agents cost money?
- 9 How do travel agents get paid 2021?
- 10 How much do travel agents make per booking?
- 11 Can I become a travel agent for free?
- 12 How do I become a travel agent? you need college to be a travel agent?
Travel counsellors should have at least a high school diploma. Travel agencies generally prefer to hire people who have: Sales experience. Travel experience. long is a travel agent course?
Hosts responses to how long their education program takes ranged from one day to 6 months (for a coaching program). Many hosts have self-paced programs. The consortia programs listed (in the link above) range from 30-50min. Per training module, to 12 weeks..DT6 Drying Tumbler Controller with Steam before Drying Home Blog Industrial Machines Controller DT6 Drying Tumbler Controller with Steam before Drying Latest in the family of Drying Tumbler controllers for Steam option before Drying process. 4 User customizable programs, All process ON/OFF indicators on Front, Very Easy to operate and program. Resume at same time after power fail situation, Built for 24×7 operations, Microcontroller based design. Related Products Products can interested you and are related Pan Tilt controller for camera 7:04 pm 0 PAN TILT Controller for camera is a 3 Axis DC servo motor driver card for operat[...] MTO Based Drycleaning Machine Controller DC1 12:16 pm 0 MW3 Washing Machine Controller with Spin Fully Auto/ Manual operation 10:36 am 0 MW3 Controller has Fully Automatic and Manual mode of operations, It is very eas[...] WE3 Washer Extractor Controller with 7 Inch Touch Screen Interface 8:40 pm 9 7 INCH Industrial Grade HMI & PLC I Fits any Capacity Washer Extractor or Wa[...] AWM 2 WASHING MACHINE CONTROLLER 7:16 am 0 cIndustrial washing machine controller this State of the Art Microcontroller bas[...] Washer Extractor Controller 11:59 am 0 MODEL WE1 State of the art Washer Extractor PLC for Industrial Washer Extractor[...] HE1 Hydro Extractor Controller 6:57 pm 0 HE1 is a Hydro Extractor controller suitable for both Star Delta and Normal moto[...] Calender Machine/ Flat Work Ironer Controller 12:11 pm 0 MODLE CL4 State of the art controller for Calendar Machines/ Flat Work Ironer M[...] Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name * Email * Comment *Shopping Cart (0)
My Account
Joshua Levin is a senior group leader and research scientist in the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard’s Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research, as well as in the Klarman Cell Observatory. In his research, he uses transcriptomic approaches to improve our understanding of brain function as it relates to psychiatric disorders such as autism and schizophrenia. During his time at the Broad Institute, he has developed and comprehensively evaluated an extensive portfolio of RNA sequencing (RNA-Seq) methods such as targeted, strand-specific, total, and low-input RNA-Seq protocols. These RNA-Seq methodologies are being used for a variety of projects institute-wide, notably cancer transcriptomics, single cell studies, and genome annotation. Before joining the Broad Institute in 2007, Levin worked for ten years in the biotechnology industry, first at Syngenta (formerly Ciba-Geigy and Novartis) and later at Novartis Pharmaceuticals using model organisms in functional genomics studies.
Tuesday, 18 August 2020 at 14:00
A.Bondhus Arms showed off their new CL380 fold-up pocket pistol at the 2014 SHOT Show. The CL380 has two barrels and is chambered in .380ACP and also features a built-in laser between the two barrels. Bondhus claims their CL380 is the smallest and most accurate multi-shot .380 pocket pistol, they’re expected to hit the market summer of 2014 and retail for $795. Check out Bondhusarms.com for more info.
Bondhus Arms CL380
- /
- /
- Which web browsers can I use to access On-Time Web?
- How secure is my data?
- Can I use On-Time Web anywhere in the world?
- Will On-Time Web work on my PC?
- Will On-Time Web work on my Mac?
- What happens if an employee forgets to clock out?
- Why isn’t my timezone correct?
- How do I change jobs or departments during my shift?- suheli Michel
I need to hire a web designer, where do I look?
There are so many options in creating a website it can seem a bit daunting. First you need to ask yourself a few key questions:
What is my budget?
Can I use a web builder myself?
Will I be able to do my website SEO?
Once you have answered these questions you can figure out where to go for your web design needs. Below I will breakdown three client categories.
No budget/Low budget
There are some great web builders out there, and those of you who can’t afford a web designer can possibly look into this. I do have to warn you that a level of learning is required, and you really need to be honest with yourself when it comes to learning.
Some web builders require you to understand how websites function, some have the option of dragging elements. The easiest web builders are the ones that come with a hosting package like GoDaddy.
The downside to using a hosting web builder is the lack of flexibility and the design of the themes are often outdated. The sites are also not mobile friendly so eventually you will need to think about getting a designer to help you.
Medium budget £1000- £10,000
This kind of budget allows you to work with a web design freelancer or a small web design agency. You don’t have worry about your site’s design, or whether it will need to be mobile friendly.
The company can help you through it all. You really have the freedom to express your needs and depending on the company, and their ability to develop sites, will be able to develop a responsive modern site.
The key thing to make sure is that your site is optimized and ready to receive organic traffic. An experience web designer can prep your site with the initial SEO, but ongoing SEO also needs to be implemented.
High budget £10,000+
This kind of budget is for multilevel sites such as social networks, SAAS companies and large ecommerce solutions. For a high budget project, you should expect your designer to build a custom secure site, optimized for mobile devices, with a modern design.
The site needs to be able to be on a strong hosting package that can support high amount of traffic. Depending on the agency taking on this type of project it can take up to 3 months to build.
We will always recommend that you invest in a good web designer. Your website is essentially your shopfront and the first impression for a potential client. As your company grows think about creating a budget to explore improving your existing site. This short term outlay will be a long term investment.
#business #onlineshop #ecommerce #webdevelopment #Webdesign #smallbusiness #GoogleanalyticsSinharaja Rain Forest (a UNESCO World Heritage Site), the last. On the north, Sinharaja is bounded by the Napola Dola and Koskulana Ganga. On the south and south-west are the rivers Maha Dola and Gin Ganga. On the west are the river Kalukandawa Ela and river Kudawa Ganga. To the east of Sinharaja is an ancient footpath near Beverley Tea Estate and by the Denuwa Kanda.
Reaching Sinharaja Rain Forest
From Northern or western parts of the country you can reach Sinharaja Forest Reserve via Ratnapura, Kiriella, Kalawana, Weddagala. From the South you can enter Sinharaja Rain Forest from Deniya. Coming form Hambantota, Udawalawe you can enter Sinharaja from Rakwana side.
Area of Sinharaja Rain Forest
The total area of the Sinharaja Forest Reserve is 18,900 acres or 7,648 hectares. It ranges in altitude from 300m to 1,170m.
Sinharaja Forest reserve is also home to over 50% of Sri Lanka’s endemic species of mammals and butterflies, as well as many kinds of insects, reptiles and rare amphibians.
Most of the area of Sinharaha. is the last extensive primary lowland tropical rain forest in Sri Lanka. It holds a large number of endemic species of plants and animals, and a variety of plants of known benefit to (IUCN Technical Evaluation)..This chic far from uptight accessory is one item quite obsessed over this year. Complimenting androgynous , savvy, urbane girl looks (as well as your style) with ease.
Its the ultimate wardrobe classic to step into 2014 with..
Photo Credits:
Adesola (@ThisConnectd)
Love this. Would love even more if I could get a few recommendations on where to get wide brim hats because I have searched the highs and lows of Lagos. I think.
Awesome awesome awesome blog btw.
black fabulousity
Lol I’ll do some snooping around and if I find stores that sell, It would be added to the post.
Thank youuuuu.
Best Of 2014 : 14 Favorite Things | BlackFabulousity
[…] your hat.” was a compliment we got often. So remember when we mentioned wide brim hats as a wardrobe necessity?, turns out we hit the nail on the […]Hello my friends,
I am not necessarily tattling on anything today, but I will tattle on YOU if you do not fulfill my request. 😉 #EducateYourself
Educate Yourself About Our Future President!
With all of the hype of the upcoming election, and with the more debates and campaigning right around the corner – I urge you, as my family, friends, and peers to educate yourselves about these presidential candidates.
Think about what values truly matter to you! Please, please do not believe everything you hear in the media… and try not to fall into believing false promises. Look at the backgrounds of both Clinton and Trump and see what YOU believe. Every vote counts.
I am not going to get in to what I believe, what my family believes, or what my friends believe because that is irrelevant. Each one of us needs to stand up and make our own choice.
Unfortunately, when it comes to formulating opinions of the candidates in this race, many of us are quick to believe the hype. We are swept up by the beliefs that one of these people can magically fix all of our problems. Let’s be realistic – this is politics, and people will say what they have to to get your vote.
It is easy to rely on often media accounts, media outlets, the news, etc. to find out who our candidates are and what they stand for. However, the amount of news coverage available sometimes does more harm than good. I know this first hand from working in news. As a journalist, I do not have time to write down every single detail – or air every detail. Key points and certain events are all there are time for. It is up to YOU as a member of this country to educate yourself beyond the media.
In our busy society, sure – it is tempting to read only the headlines and assume we are getting the full story – but we are smarter than that! This is our next president… this is the future leader of the United States – the leader of our FREE country (knock on wood).
Media coverage quotes, clips, and articles are snipped and taken out of context. It is OUR job to look in to the full story. When a candidate pulls an outrageous publicity stunt, or says something controversial – these are the moments that stick in our minds. And though these actions do say something about a candidate’s character, they are NOT what voters should base decisions on. We should be examining past work ethic, voting records, and proposed future plans. Again, it’s OUR job.
Be a responsible, informed voter. It is so, so important to educate yourself. Don’t just choose a party, or a person, choose the beliefs and ideology that YOU most closely identify with. People who vote as a strict Republican or a strict Democrat (without researching) are not thinking about the future of U.S. foreign policy, education, or the economy. Many of us are not looking at the big picture — what is best for our nation as a whole.
And please just drop the saying: “If blah, blah, blah wins, I’m moving to _______.” No one believes you are really going to move. People have said this for years and no one moves! Don’t be such a cynic – just be a mindful citizen of this country. What you find in your ideal candidates background may surprise you.
And please do not think that your vote does not count. The truth is: every vote counts! It is our job to vote for our president, it is equally important to vote intelligently. So, please take a little time out of your day to research your candidates.
XOXO,
PBT
Follow me on Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat: @palmbeachtattle […]
John Prem
10 Sri Lankans held for carrying gold at Bengaluru Airport
The […] […]
Tamil Nadu Police gives protection to Actor Suriya’s Chennai home after threats
Movie […]
Letter of Appreciation from Mr.Kamal Pant IPS, Commissioner of Police, Bengaluru City
Bengaluru : On 29 October 2021, Mr.Puneeth Rajkumar died in Bangalore from heart attack at the age of 46. He donated his eyes in accordance with a pledge by his father Late. Rajkumar, that he along with all his family members will donate their eyes after death.Funeral was attended by […]
Successful operational theft cases detected by Kodagu District Police
Karnataka : Kushalanagar police have succeeded in tracking two house burglaries and a vehicle theft at Dandinpet in Basaveshwara and Kaveri basins in Kushalanagar town police station in Kodagu district. Kushalanagar police expedited the investigation into the theft cases, and on the night of 10-11-2021, ASI Mr.Manjunatha and his staff […]
Police rescue 170 star tortoises-Bengaluru City Police
To circumvent the security check, a wildlife smuggler allegedly dropped two bags near the National Travels bus at the Karashipalya bus stop in Bengaluru City and escaped from the scene. The man who weighed his luggage noticed that two suitcases had been left unattended, and one of them searched the […]
Padma Award winner Shri. Hajabba congratulated by Karnataka Mangaluru police
Karnataka -On November 8, the older orange merchant Hajabba, who pursued structure an administration school in his town, gotten the Padma Shri Award from President Ram Nath Kovind. I never envisioned that a helpless man like me will be called to New Delhi and regarded by the President. I will […]
Prevention Awareness Campaign by Kalaburagi City Police
The Kalaburagi City Police Commission has organized a “Prevention Awareness” campaign against sexual harassment and violence against women and minors. Deputy Inspector General of Police Mr. Adoor Srinivasulu and Bharat PS started the drive. All the senior junior police officers of the Kalaburagi City Police Commission participated in the march.Hello again!
Thanks for stopping by to see the JustRite Challenge #95 card. The challenge is called Window of Opportunity and the two cards submitted are the first two window cards I have made. Love trying new things!
The card used Spellbinders dies Filligree Delight and Beaded Ovals. The sentiment is from JustRite stamp set Anchors Away. The blue-ish ink used is Tim Holtz's distress ink Iced Spruce. At first I was not sure about the ivory, black and Iced Spruce together but in the end it turned out alright. I may use that color combo again. :)
Have a great day and stay crafty!
This card is entered in JustRite Challenge #95:Paul Laughlin, MD of Laughlin Consultancy, shared an introduction to our most popular training course this year. Explaining the 9 step model for better analysis & the softer skills analysts need to make an impact. His slides are available on our SlideShare channel:
Presentation at Big Data & Analytics for Insurance 2016
Helping you Maximise the Value of your Customer Insight Published on Presentation on the Softer Skills that Data professionals also need to make an impact. Summary of key lessons from the very popular Consultancy Skills for Analysts training course from LaughlinConsultancy.com 1.- The Viridian collection is perfect for contemporary and family homes, with a combination of reliable and durable engineering with simple lines and smooth curves.
- Pull down sink mixer makes preparing food and cleaning dishes a breeze
- Quality Chrome Finish, will last the test of time and is easy to wipe over with a cloth
- Solid Brass Construction will outlive your bathroom and years of use
- European SoftPEX Hoses, are not only easy to install, but have anti-bacterial properties which do not effect the taste or odour of the water
Description
Clean lines and smooth surfaces. This durable range of modern mixers incorporates simple lines and smooth curves with an appealing polished chrome surface. Versatile and easy to accessorise, beneath the polished chrome surface you’ll find reliable, water-saving engineering and quality, built-to-last manufacturing. Perfect for contemporary and family renovations.
WELS & Watermark Certification
- WELS 4 star rated
- 7.5 LT/MIN
- WELS Registration No: T16694
- All Dorf Taps are Watermark Certified
Find out more about WELS and Watermark certification and the important role they play in helping you choose water-efficient and safe products that are manufactured to strict Australian plumbing and building standards.Original BMW F82 M4 Coupe F83 M3 Sedan dealership brochure from 2014.
Full color, 39 pages of information on the 2014 M4 Coupe and M3 Sedan.
Information on the engine, lightweight construction and design, chassis and performance and iDrive. Exterior colors and upholstery options, technical data and more. Condition is excellent, no ripped, missing or stained pages.
This is a high quality original print on thick, heavy duty card stock. Safely shipped in a non-bendable envelope.
* Not all pages shown in imagesCycling Bags Buying Guide 2021
Whether for commuting or long-distance cycling trips such as bike camping, an electric fat tire bike will always take you to your destinations without worries. Every time when you go out, there must be some necessities to carry, like umbrellas, repair tools, etc. Bike bags are a good companion to help you carry these sundries during the cycling trip, which will greatly facilitate your travel. There are various cycling bags on the market to choose from. And different types of bags correspond to different characteristics. When buying bike bags, you should make a decision based on your personal needs and your bike condition. Next, we would like to share 7 different bike packages, and explain which scenarios they are suitable for from their pros and cons to help you make a choice.
- Waterproof Backpacks
This is the kind of bike backpack most suitable for daily use, such as commuting and other short-distance cycling. If you don't have many heavy items to bring, then it will be your best helper. The backpack is easy to carry. You just need to throw your water cup, mobile power supply, repair tools, and other belongings you want to carry into the bag, and put the bag on your back without packing it, then you can just get on your bike and set off to your destinations. There are many kinds of backpacks, it is best to choose the ones made of waterproof fabric. A waterproof backpack is easy to clean and is suitable for all kinds of weather. There is no need to worry about the bag would get wet on rainy days, which can effectively prevent the contents of the bag from being damaged. What's more, waterproof backpacks usually have a larger capacity. Most backpacks on the market have a capacity of more than 10L, which can almost put all the items needed for short-distance riding into the backpack and will definitely bring you a pleasant cycling trip.
However, there are still some shortcomings of bike backpacks. When riding on sunny days in summer, the insufficient filling can cause the backpack to floppy, thereby make you sweat; when overfilling, the rider will feel uncomfortable. In addition, if you want to carry some fragile items such as glass bottles, mugs. Then there are other better options for you, as they may be squeezed and broken.
- Panniers
A pannier will make the rider feel much more comfortable than a backpack since you do not need to burden it on your back. The pannier usually has the same large capacity as the backpack or even larger, which can provide considerable space to store your belongings. They have functions like waterproof and scratch-proof, and are fixed to the rack by springs, elastic ropes, or clips, etc. Panniers are easy to install and disassemble at any time, so you can use them whenever you need. In most cases, in order to maintain the balance on both sides of the bicycle, we recommend using panniers in pairs and install them on both sides of the rack to avoid potential dangers. Of course, if you are carrying few things or just some light items, it is OK to carry only one pannier.
There are also some inconveniences when using panniers. First of all, you'll need a front or rear rack to mount the panniers on your bike. If you buy an ebike with a rear rack like a Himiway bike, that will not be a problem. If not, then you'll have to get a rack for your bike first. Secondly, when installing panniers, please pay attention to the installation position not to affect the rotation of the wheels and the operation of your legs, and remember to leave enough space for your legs to be stretched. At last, if you choose the rear rack panniers, there is a risk of theft as they are out of your sight.
- Trunk Bags
If you feel that a pannier is a bit bulky and want a more convenient bag, then the bike trunk bag will perfectly meet your needs. Trunk bags are also called rack trunks. Unlike panniers, trunk bags are a type of large-capacity bike bag with a fixed position, that is, on the rear rack of the bike. It can contain many necessities that may be used for long-distance ridings, such as clothes, food, flashlights, and bicycle repair tools, etc. Their waterproof and scratch resistant performance is better than the pannier, just like the Himiway Travel Trunk Bag, it is the first choice for many cycling enthusiasts.
As for their cons, due to the weight changes on the rear of the bike, especially when there are a lot of heavy things in the bag, the rider may need to make more efforts to maintain balance. Otherwise, the bicycle may lose its balance and cause an accident. But don't worry, as long as you don't make the rear of the bike overweight, you will be in good control of it when you adapt to this weight change. Another disadvantage is, same as a rear rack pannier, theft may occur.
- Saddle Bags
A saddle bag is also named a seat bag. It is directly connected to the seat tube by a safety buckle, which is convenient for installation and removal. It's okay to place it in front of or behind the seat, depending on whether your bike has a top tube. However, because of the limited space behind the seat, the capacity of saddle bags is usually not as good as other bike bags. So if you want a larger capacity saddle bag, we suggest you buy a step-thru bike so that you have enough space to put the bag in front of the seat. But please always remember that excessive loading will cause the bike to shake, which is not conducive to safe riding. Regarding their smaller capacity, saddle bags are more suitable for holding some emergency items. Multifunctional tools, spare tires, tape, bandages, and other emergency items are all needed in case of emergency.
The only two disadvantages are that their capacity is relatively small and the items that can be accommodated are quite limited. The second is the common problem of rear bike bags---theft may happen to you.
- Handlebar bag
As the name suggests, the handlebar bag is fixed to the bicycle handlebar with a strong belt or clip. Compared with saddle bags, handlebar bags have an even smaller capacity, so they can provide riders with more maneuvering space. Due to their limited capacity, handlebar bags are very suitable for storing some daily belongings that may be needed for short-distance riding. Camera, mobile phone, sunscreen, snacks, road map, etc., whatever you want. And in order to facilitate the rider to view the map, some brands of handlebar bags use a transparent material to place the map on the top of the bag, so that you can view your cycling route at any time without stopping the ride.
Its cons are that they're not suitable to carry excessive weight because it may affect the balance of the bike. Besides, please make sure that your handlebar bag will not interfere with some of your hand operations when you install it, such as braking and shifting. And please try not to ride at night as the bag may block the light of the headlights.
- Frame Bags
The bike frame bag is installed on the frame, usually a top tube (if your bike has one). For step-thru frame bicycles without a top tube, you can choose to install the frame bag on the lower part of the seat tube. In general, this is a portable bike bag similar to a handlebar bag that is suitable for carrying some daily items. And it is easier for the rider to get the contents of the bag as they are closer to you.
The disadvantage is obvious. If you are riding an ebike and use pure electric mode, the frame bag will only slightly affect your riding. But once you start pedaling, the bag may rub against your legs and make you feel uncomfortable, which may affect your riding.
- Trailer
Well, we are now at the last type of bike bags. As a matter of fact, we should not call it a bag, that is, a bike trailer. The trailer is usually installed on the rear wheel hub of the bike. If you are going to shop and have a lot of things to buy, or your children want to go for a ride with you (although you can choose to buy a bike child seat), then the trailer will be your best companion. You can place most of the heavy objects in the trailer as long as it does not exceed the maximum capacity of your bike. And when riding on flat ground, in addition to the increase in weight and you will need to pedal harder, the trailer will hardly affect the balance of the bike, which is unmatched by other bike bags.
However, things have two sides, and trailers have some inevitable shortcomings. Their prices are generally more expensive than other types of bike bags although most of you can afford them. Another disadvantage of trailers is their large size and heavy weight. It will be more difficult for you to find a parking space when going outdoors, because your bike and trailer need enough space to rest themselves. What's more, trailers are not suitable for riding on some complicated terrain such as rugged and winding mountain roads, please be careful when going uphill and steering.
Now you must know what kind of bike bag you want and can’t wait to pack your luggage and embark on the journey. Wait! Please make sure you put all the necessities including bike repair tools in your luggage before you go. Choose the correct bike bag and prepare items according to your riding distance and time, check whether the route goes as planned, and think about everything that can ensure your riding safety. After all these are done, then just get on your Himiway ebike and start your brilliant cycling trip!When a professional couple found a sizable acreage in a suburb of Denver, they decided it was the perfect place to build their dream home. To get things started, they. “The clients wanted a Colorado-style house, but they didn’t know exactly what that meant and didn’t want a theme house,” Fisher explains about her clients, who had relocated almost two years before from California. “They challenged the design team to present them with that vision.” Collectively, the group decided that a Colorado-style home “was not to be a ski house, a mountain lodge, a ranch house, a cabin or an urban Denver solution,” says DeChant, “but an appropriate hybrid that could speak to those genres and embody Colorado.”
The team proceeded to meet frequently throughout the collaborative process to realize just that vision. The property’s mature trees and expansive vistas also played a role in guiding the design. “We knit the home together with the setting,” says DeChant, who worked with senior associate Adam Harrison on the articulated structure designed with deep overhangs on the western exposure and a sheltered courtyard to the east. To further tie it to the locale, the structure was built with granite walls and slate, copper and beetle-kill-pine accents. “We were looking for ways to use materials from the region,” DeChant says. “In addition to the heavy stone, which speaks to the mountain vernacular, we brought in wood and steel structural elements that are a little more urban.”
Just outside the front door, for instance, a massive Douglas-fir structural beam includes a vertical steel insert—a detail that can be found on timber columns both inside and outdoors. For the living room ceiling, DeChant incorporated horizontal steel truss chords with sloping timber truss chords to walk the line between rustic and industrial.
“Mountain homes typically leave the structure expressed inside,” he says. “It shows strength.” In orienting the house, the architect gave it a primary north-south axis, so “you’re always seeing or at least flirting with the amazing westerly view,” notes DeChant.. “The design was about embracing the opportunities that the architecture provided, as well as the sight lines,” says Rudolph.
Just as the sight lines were important to establishing the landscape design, they were also integral to siting the home. Before construction even began, Brubaker worked with the design team and owners to identify the optimal placement for key rooms based on the mountain vistas. “We set scaffolding up in the general area of the husband’s office, so that he could check out the views,” explains Brubaker. “The architects worked on the design for close to ten months before we actually broke ground.”
During that time, the architects designed every door, window trim and molding in the home, which they call a “museum of wood,” for the many species that can be found throughout. “The clients had a wish list,” says Fisher, who worked with DeChant and Harrison to select the various types of woods. “It included cherry, mahogany, walnut and exotic veneers.” The dining room and husband’s office are clad with book-matched, highly polished mahogany, while the walls of the family room are lined with cherry. “And as we were picking out furnishings,” says Fisher, “the clients wanted pieces with creative inlays, marquetries and other details to complement the interiors.” Fisher notes the walnut dining table with a cherry inlay, for example, that appoints the dining room, which has a floor-to-ceiling limestone-and- plaster fireplace with a bespoke bronze relief depicting a mountain scene. A Tibetan rug and draperies made with a Rodolph textile introduce color into the elegant space. “The wife is very traditional, so we tried to use a more current palette in a traditional way,” Fisher explains, noting a botanical tapestry chenille covering the backs of Ebanista dining chairs.
In the adjacent living room, Fisher outfitted the expansive space with a hand-forged iron chandelier by Gregorius Pineo that reaches nearly 6 feet across at its widest point. “It anchors the room and pulls your eye up to the steel and wood in the ceiling, which are beautiful details,” she says. Playing off those wood and metal elements, the designer incorporated a vintage rug and selected fresh fabrics in a palette that brings the outside in. She centered the space with an iron-and-limestone coffee table she had custom-made and flanked it with a pair of sofas upholstered with a celadon chenille.. “We used texture and color to achieve a soothing, comfortable master suite,” she says.
Through its blend of rustic and urban, traditional and current, the house resonates with an all-encompassing Colorado style. “We all listened to each other’s viewpoints,” says Fisher, “and it resulted in a beautiful house.”
–Tate GunnersonReaders ask: How Many Players In Football Team?.
Contents
- 1 How many players are on a football team including substitutes?
- 2 Are there 11 players on a football team?
- 3 What is the 17 rules of football?
- 4 How big is a football team?
- 5 How many players can be on a team in a standard football game?
- 6 How many soccer players are on a team?
- 7 What is 11 a side football?
- 8 Why do sports have 11 players?
How many players are on a football team including substitutes?
American football is played in between two teams and each team consists of eleven players on the field and four players as substitutes with total of fifteen players in each team..
What is the 17 rules of football?
Currently there are 17 specific key items that determine the rules of soccer: Field of play, the Ball, Number of Players, Player’s Equipment, Referee, Assistant Referee, Duration of Match, Start and Restart of Play, Ball In and Out of Play, Scoring, Offsides, Fouls and Misconduct, Free Kicks, Penalty Kicks, Throw In,
How big is a football team?
Each team carries 45 to 50 players because the positions are so specialized. You will have 11 players on the field at a time, and it is rare that a player will play on both offense and defense..
What is 11 a side football?
11-a-side football pitch size 11-a-side pitch measurements can vary considerably, but according to FA regulations, should fall between 100-130 yards (90-120m) long and 50-100 yards (45-90m) wide..EPL : Rooney Out For Six Weeks With Knee Injury
Wayne Rooney’s knee injury will keep him out for the next six weeks, according to Sky sources.
The Manchester United captain was left behind when the rest of the squad travelled for Europa League game at FC Midtjylland after suffering ligament damage at Sunderland on Saturday.
And while Louis van Gaal would not confirm a timeframe for Rooney’s recovery at his press conference in Denmark, it is understood United will be without their top scorer until the end of March.
The United boss told MUTV: “He has a knee problem so we have to wait and see. He scores a lot of goals so he is very important for us. We know that but we have to cope with that.”
Pressed by reporters to put a time on Rooney’s recovery, he said: “It’s difficult to say, but he’s injured in the game versus Sunderland and has a knee problem. We have to wait and see how long that takes. I cannot say.”
A six-week absence would see Rooney miss Premier League games against Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, and a potential FA Cup quarter-final.
It would also rule him out of two full Europa League rounds and in all likelihood deprive Roy Hodgson of his skipper for England’s friendlies against Germany and the Netherlands on 26 and 29 March.
Rooney completed Saturday’s defeat at Sunderland, and Van Gaal suggested the forward’s “fantastic attitude” might have contributed to his injury.
He.”
Rooney’s absence is likely to give Anthony Martial a run at centre-forward, while Will Keane returned from a loan at Preston last month.
“We have in Martial another striker, he has played several matches in this role and wants to play in it, then I have called Will Keane back and he has done very well in the second team.
“Sometimes you have to show it at the higher level and maybe he’ll get the chance to show it – you never know.”
And the Dutchman – without Matteo Darmian (shoulder) and Marouane Fellaini (muscle problem) in Denmark – again bemoaned United’s “ridiculous” injury list, saying: “Our policy was not to have a big squad as we wanted to try youngsters in our team.
“Normally we don’t have 13 injured players. It’s ridiculous when you analyse it – they’re all contact injuries.”Princess Yacht West Sweden’s main office is located on Vindon, Orust with its own marina, showroom and service yard.
- Lifting capacity
- Service car
- Store in the marina and webshop with spareparts and accessories
- Workshop and refurbishing department
- Wood workshop/carpentery, varnishing department etc
- Volvo Penta authorized
- Retrofit
- Vindon 434, 473 91 Henan, Sweden
- +46 304 390 90
" We support our clients – also on weekends and holidays! "Morristown Drive By Shooting Reported
A drive by shooting in Morristown Sunday morning. Jana Williams called police stating that someone had shot through her home’s living room window with a bullet hole in the back of her couch. Two other people were in the home at the time of the shooting. Police discovered the entry point for the bullet entering the home…which was to the right of a front window. The bullet hole is from a 9mm firearm, two 9mm casings were found in the driveway. Williams stated her son Zach Williams, who has gang affiliations, was recently arrested and thought the drive by shooting could be connected. Detectives with the Morristown police department are investigating that shooting.Civil Rights
Block on Trump's Asylum Ban Upheld by Supreme Court
Gunderson v. US Dept. of Labor, No. 08-9537, concerned a petition for review of the Office of Workers' Compensation Programs' decision that petitioner was not entitled to benefits under the Black Lung Benefits Act. The court of appeals granted the petition, holding that the Administrative Law Judge failed to provide a sufficient scientific explanation of his decision denying benefits.
As the court wrote: "During his thirty-year employment as a coal miner and foreman, the petitioner, Terry Gunderson, was exposed to coal dust and developed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. In January 2001, Mr. Gunderson received a letter from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health informing him that an x-ray taken as part of a monitoring program indicated that he suffered from pneumoconiosis, "a chronic dust disease of the lung and its sequelae, including respiratory and pulmonary impairments, arising out of coal mine employment." 30 U.S.C. § 902(b). Pneumoconiosis "encompasses a cruel set of conditions that afflict a significant percentage of the nation's coal miners with 'severe, and
frequently crippling, chronic respiratory impairment.'" Nat'l Mining Ass'n v. Dep't of Labor, 292 F.3d 849, 854 (D.C. Cir. 2002) (quoting Usery v. Turner Elkhorn Mining Co., 428 U.S. 1, 6 (1976))."
Meeting with a lawyer can help you understand your options and how to best protect your rights. Visit our attorney directory to find a lawyer near you who can help.Angel Number 1232: Enhance Wealth Creation
Contents
The art of wealth creation starts with an idea. Undoubtedly, abundance does not come easily, which is why angel number 1232 wishes to help you gain stability.
1232 Symbolism is Energy
Creativity demands immense thinking to understand what, where, and when to implement your ideas. Then, be sober and meditate a lot before trying out what you have on paper. Seeing 1232 brings optimism that you should never give up for better things are coming.
1232 Meaning is Hard Work
The journey to achieving your abundance is not easy, but the fruits are super sweet. Coincidentally, people want to associate with your success, but never the struggles. So, work hard in silence and allow your input to drive your journey. You have angel number 1, angel 12, number 22, numerology 23, number 123, and angel 232.
Angel Number 1232 Denotes Positivity
Good friends are worth keeping in any business. Thus, create a formidable network that makes you stable today and in the coming days. When troubles come, inspire your heart to think of your ultimate goal.
Seeing 1232 Everywhere Means Changes
Significantly, allow yourself to lose some things to gain better blessings. Indeed, friends come and go depending on their influence on your life. However, angels stay to help you focus on your dreams and ambitions. So, do not mourn when you give up something sentimental to your life.
Angel Number 1232 Talks of Listening
Learning comes from listening well to your intuition and doing what you hear. Angels make the best to alert you of what is coming, but it’s your initiative that should drive your success.
What Does 1232 Mean Spiritually?
You should balance your life. Involve your family into your business for unwavering support. That way, you can sustain your ideas even in old age or throughout your physical absence.
Facts About 1232
Always have hope that tomorrow has better blessings than today, and you will grow.
Conclusion: 1232 Meaning
Angel number 1232 calls to believe in yourself and create a solid foundation for a blessed future with abundance.
READ ALSO:mongoc_client_reset()¶
Synopsis¶
void mongoc_client_reset (mongoc_client_t *client);
Call this method in the child after forking to invalidate the mongoc_client_t.
Description¶
Calling mongoc_client_reset() prevents resource cleanup in the child process from interfering with the parent process.
This method causes the client to clear its session pool without sending endSessions. It also increments an internal generation counter on the given client. After this method is called, cursors from previous generations will not issue a killCursors command when they are destroyed. Client sessions from previous generations cannot be used and should be destroyed.
Parameters¶
client: A mongoc_client_t.Senator Andy Uba, governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the November 6 gubernatorial election in Anambra State, may have a hand in the gale of defections that has depleted the opposition parties in favour of the ruling APC, writes David-Chyddy Eleke
The major political parties in Anambra State; the All Progressives Congress (APC), All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are experiencing an enduring season of crises as a result of the selection process for their governorship candidates. All the parties have not quite overcome , period of anomy, through they are stoutly carrying on with the exercise, not knowing what the courts may decide. Various persons within and outside these political parties have sought intervention from the judiciary to decide if their governorship selection process strictly followed the books. Also the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has set an early date next month, October to publish the final list of candidates.
The November 6 governorship election in the state is highly anticipated by different stakeholders in the state and the country, at large, expectedly causing many upheavals. The APC is not an exception to many troubles in the wake of the governorship primary of the political parties. In the PDP, the choice of Mr Valentine Ozigbo was a source of rancour that led to the exit of some of his fellow contestants from the party. Some dissatisfied erstwhile members of the PDP like Dr. Godwin Maduka and Dr. Obiora Okonkwo have moved to Accord and the Zenith Laboir Party (ZLP) respectively to actualise their governorship ambitions, the APC continues to receive an increasing number of former members of the APGA and PDP into its fold.
To make matters worse, another faction of the PDP elected Senator Ugochukwu Uba as its candidate. Though the court has finally settled for Ozigbo as the authentic candidate, the Ugochukwu Uba faction remains a sore irritant to the PDP in Anambra State.
For the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), the confusion about the candidate of the party has partly been resolved by the court too, with former Central Bank Governor, Prof. Chukwuma Soludo finally enlisted by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as its candidate, but not without distraction from aggrieved party members, most of who are still complaining about the process that threw up Soludo as the candidate. A factional candidate of the party, Hon. Chuma Umeoji has already moved to the Supreme Court to contest Soludo’s candidacy. While this is happening, some prominent members of the party are also leaving to APC.
The APC also has its fair share of the crisis that trailed its governorship. Of the 13 aspirants that went into the contest with Uba during the party’s primary election, at least 11 of them converged one day after Uba emerged as candidate, to disown the process. They said no election was held anywhere in the state, and that the announcement of Uba as winner of the primary by the Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State-led primary election committee was not acceptable.
However, the unique thing about the party is that its leadership was able to pacify all involved, to the extent that the party has today accepted Uba as its candidate, and working towards delivering him at the election. Save for two of its former aspirants who moved to other smaller political parties to continue their quest for the governorship, the APC, has relatively remained intact, with little or no record of defection, as it has been seen witnessed in other political parties trying to manage angry contestantswho lost their bid for Governorticket of their political parties.
As the date of the governorship contest draws near, there is no doubt that Uba is poised for victory in the election. Imediately after the governorship primary, Uba had begged his co-aspirants to join him to enable the party achieve the task of taking power in the state. Speaking with journalists, he said, “I can’t go on this journey alone. This campaign cannot be achieved with a divided camp. I plead with all today that we come together to achieve our collective victory. It was a free and fair contest and by the grace of God, I emerged victorious.
“I extend a hand of fellowship and brotherhood to all the brave and. I reach out to all, to please join this crusade for eventual victory in November. There is strength in unity; we will walk away from all divisions that have stunted our development and prevented us from our collective dreams.”
Having partially achieved the cooperation of his party members, Uba may have gone full blast, moving into other parties to poach their members. A known taciturn and silent mobiliser, Uba is believed to have a hand in the rancour bedeviling APGA, as regards its quarrelling governorship candidates. UGAMATV gathered from sources in APGA that Uba may be the unseen hand engineering the various moves of Umeoji, who has become a serious problem to the party.
Defection Gale
The hand of Uba has also been seen in the recent defections by members of both APGA and PDP. Members of the APC have attributed the defections to Uba’s charm, magic wand and popularity, while others attribute it to his clandestine activities. The chairman of APC in Anambra State, Mr Basil Ejidike while briefing journalists at the state party secretariat in Awka disclosed that two serving senators in the state were set to join the party from PDP. It was believed that the two senators mentioned were Senators Uche Ekwunife and Stella Oduah, but the leadership of PDP quickly moved in to stop them. Ekwunife who was a governorship contender was named the chairman of the PDP campaign council, in what looked like a desperate attempt to keep her. She also alluded to this much during the inauguration of the campaign council, when she assured everyone that her commitment was total and that she would do all to deliver Ozigbo. She urged members of the council to give their all, saying – “as for me standing here today, ‘they’ know what it took them to get me.”
A member of the PDP’s Board of trustees, Senator Joy Emordi was the first to decamp to the APC in an elaborate ceremony attended by the APC national leadership. Despite the move to placate Oduah, she has moved over to the APC, pledging to work for the party and remain a loyal member. Many believe that her change of party was engineered by unseen hands, who reminded her of her ‘unfinished business’ with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), where she still has charges of corruption against her. Others will rather give the credit for Oduah’s switch of political loyalty from the PDP to the APC to the unseen hands of Uba.
In APGA, the news of the defection of six members of the House of Assembly in far away Abuja into APC was not a surprise to Anambra people. The members are; Hon. Nonso Okafor representing Nnewi North; Hon. Timothy Ifedioramma representing Njikoka 1; Hon. Cater D. N Umeoduagu representing Aguata 1; Hon. Lawrence Ezeudu representing Dunukofia; Hon. Arthur Chiekwu representing Idemili North and Hon. Edward Ibuzo, representing Onisha North 2.: “Loking at what is happening, especially now that prominent and serving state lawmakers have started joining, the grassroots is moving and Anambra people are moving to the APC.”
The defectors described the APC as the preferred party and promised to mobilise support towards victory in the November 6 governorship polls. To add colour to the brief event held at Imo State Governor’s Lodge, Abuja, Governors of Imo, Lagos, Osun and Kogi as well as top members of the party in Anambra State were in attendance.
Arinze Igboeli, a staunch APC supporter and South-east Media Director of the party while mocking APGA, attributed the large acceptance of APC in Anambra to Andy Uba’s magic wand. He said, “For years, our party (APC) has never produced even one member of Anambra State House of Assembly, but immediately we made Andy Uba our candidate, we now have six lawmakers in the state. Andy Uba is highly accepted.”
Fear of Uba Everywhere
Already, there is a staunch believe in the state that either by hook or crook, Uba is set to capture Anambra State. While Uba’s supporters believe he will win fairly because of his popularity, supporters of other political parties believe that he can never win in a fair election, and that if he ever wins, then it is by crook.
The APGA has already raised the alarm, insisting that he was working hard to lure more people out of their party. The National co-ordinator of APGA Media Warriors Forum, Chinedu Obigwe in a recent press release said four serving Anambra State Commissioners and 12 lawmakers were offered N300 million to defect to the APC as well as destabilise the state. He said: “There is information on how the six saboteur lawmakers, four serving commissioners and others were lured with N300 million by Andy Uba to be part of the evil plot to set Anambra on fire.”
In another press release, Obigwe lamented that the plot was to lure more members of the House of Assembly into APC to weaken APGA, and also use the legislators to harass and destabilize Governor Willie Obiano, through an attempt to impeach him.
To douse the heightened tension, the Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, has assured Anambra people that nobody can rig the November 6 governorship election in the state. Speaking through the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba, the governor said some people were planning a protest, over plot to rig the November poll, but assured that would not be the case.
The statement read in part, “We advise our people to disregard the claims that the rigging of the forthcoming election in our dear state is a foregone conclusion. This is a propaganda stunt. They have been using the propaganda stunt to intimidate Anambra people in the last couple of years, but it has always failed them. The Anambra State of 2021 is totally different from the Anambra State of 2003 or 2007.
“The rigging plans cannot work this time. The people of Anambra State, supported by their government, are ever ready to protect their state and its impressive progress of the last few years, rather than allow soldiers of fortune and buccaneers to toy with its destiny once again. The November 6 vote will be free, fair and transparent. This will be in conformity with the tradition of free polls which have come to define Anambra State political culture in recent times. The 2017 governorship poll and the 2019 general election in the state were the freest in the country.”
“We trust the integrity of President Muhammadu Buhari who has consistently assured the nation that free, fair and transparent election will be one of his major legacies in the country. We have no reason to doubt him, despite the unconscionable behavior of some people in his party. Anambra State government has been working closely with such bodies as the INEC, the Police and DSS, to ensure a free and fair election on November 6. We are convinced that the relevant bodies are working in the public interest. We, therefore, advise Anambra people to discountenance the propaganda that the rigging of the forthcoming election with the aid of the federal might is a foregone conclusion. Our people are implored not to carry out the protests planned throughout Anambra State, which may be hijacked by violent elements. The political party which presents the best candidate and who will work assiduously for a greater Anambra State will certainly win the November 6 gubernatorial election.”
Uba Speaks on Rigging
Senator Andy Uba, the APC candidate for the election has said he has no plan to rig the election. Uba who was welcome into the state at the weekend from Abuja where he had also visited President Muhammadu Buhari and was presented the flag of the party said; “We are here to appeal to the people of Anambra State for their support. We are here to assure you that we will not take it by force. We are calling for your support.
“There is a benefit inherent in being connected to the centre. The minister is on his way now to Anambra to flag off the commencement of work on failed portions of the Enugu-Onitsha Expressway that is causing the traffic on this road. Anambra will be liberated. Infact, Anambra is already liberated. The day the President gave me the flag of our party was the day Anambra was liberated,” Uba said.
Uba whose popularity is on the rise was a former Presidential Aide on Domestic Affairs to President Olusegun Obasanjo. He was very influential in that administration.
Emmanuel Nnamdi Uba, better known as, Andy Uba was elected and sworn in as the governor of Anambra State on 27 May 2007. He was removed by a supreme court decision on 14 June 2007. He governed the State for 14 days. He was elected the Senator to represent Anambra South Senatorial District in 2011. This is beginning to look like his most promising campaign for the Anambra governorship, having failed in two previous attempts.Admiral William S. Benson
1st Chief of Naval Operations: 11 May 1915 – 25 September 1919
On assuming office William S. Benson’s primary task was to prepare the United States Navy for war, and in so doing he helped define the powers of his office. The Navy began building modern steel-hulled ships in the first decade of the 20th century, but the fleet of 1916 numbered only 248. Benson went before Congress to encourage the passage of the 1916 Naval Appropriations Act, which resulted in the largest shipbuilding program in United States history, adding 76 surface ships and 67 submarines to the fleet.
Benson’s appointment was not without controversy. Thirty-one more senior officers were passed over in his appointment because Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels feared that they would pursue special interests or seek to undermine civilian control of the Navy. As it was, the Navy’s system of management through bureaus had long fostered an undercurrent of intra-bureau rivalry and it would continue to roil in Navy affairs for many years.Trust. It's the missing ingredient in congressional efforts to stabilize the individual insurance market as Republicans move to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
That was clear during a House committee hearing last week Department,-ups by eagerly sought younger customers.
The four bills discussed.
But Democrats say before they consider these measures they want to make sure Republicans truly want to fix the ACA's problems. “They need to prove their sincerity,” said Democratic Rep. G.K. Butterfield of North Carolina.NFL Women's Atlanta Falcons #89 Alex Gray Color Rush Legend Jersey Red
Prove that your loyalty knows no bounds when you wear this awesome Color Rush Legend Falcons Alex Gray Red Jersey to the next game! Decked out in your favorite team's and player's graphics, this Color Rush Legend Alex Gray Jersey is a must-have for all those who are born and bred Atlanta Falcons Women's Atlanta Falcons #89 Alex Gray Color Rush Legend Jersey Red
Price: $69.00
In stock
In stock
Rated 4.8/5 based on 192 customer reviews
Tags: NFL, NFL Atlanta Falcons, NFL Atlanta Falcons Alex Gray, Women's, Women's Jersey, Women's Jersey Color Rush Legend, NFC, South Division, Atlanta Falcons, Jerseys- /
- Projects
- /
- Women of Hope Blog
- /
- Praying For Domestic Violence In Can11Fri
Praying For Domestic Violence In CanadaAugust 11, 2017 by TWR Canada Women's Ministry Team
Domestic violence against women happens all over the world. Canada is not immune to this reality. Abusive words or actions that seek to emotionally, physically, or psychologically control someone often go unreported. Victims are financially dependent on their abusive partners or parents, and without money or a safe place to go, they may feel that leaving seems impossible.
- Filed Under:
- Issues Women Face, Violence.
Here are some startling Canadian statistics to help you pray more effectively (source here):
• More than 3,000 women and 2,000 children sleep in shelters because home isn’t safe on any given night across Canada.
• About 300 women and children are turned away from already-full shelters each night across Canada.
• Approximately every six days, a woman is killed in Canada by her partner or former partner.
• Half of all women in Canada have experienced at least one incident of physical or sexual violence since the age of 16.
• Aboriginal women are killed at six times the rate of non-aboriginal women.
• 70% of spousal violence is not reported to the police.
• Calgary police report that domestic violence has increased in the wake of Alberta’s economic downturn. Domestic violence is also more prevalent in the latter half of the Calgary Stampede and during high-stakes Stampeders games (the same is not true of high-stakes NHL games).
• About 26% of all women who are murdered by their spouse had already left the relationship. Half of those murdered by their spouse were killed within two months of leaving the relationship.
• 57% of survivors of domestic violence had their pet killed by an abusive partner.
• It’s estimated that up to 362,000 Canadian children witness or experience family violence each year.
Please join us in praying for Canadian women facing domestic violence. Pray they would find supports to help them escape or end the abuse. Pray for those friends and family who witness or learn of the abuse, that they would be helpful supports. Pray for those who are abusing their wives, girlfriends, and children. Pray that the love of Christ would fill their hearts and change them in a dramatic and eternal way.Ever since the State of the union speech, president Barack Obama has promised to work around Congress wherever he can to implement changes which he feels are the “right thing to do.” These changes have included things like directing the EPA to change their rules about power plants and pollution, raising the minimum wage for Federal employees, and a handful of executive orders about guns that didn’t really amount to much. In the wake of the highly publicized shootings in the last week, though, the president made two very strong statements that indicate he is actively looking for ways to implement more gun control laws without involving congress.
First, Obama took an opportunity to praise Australia for their knee-jerk laws banning almost all guns and confiscating them from gun owners:.
As we keep reminding people, the “gun violence levels” are not, in fact, off the charts. These group of shootings might seem to be proof of that “gun violence epidemic” that people keep crowing about, but in fact they aren’t statistically significant. The crime rate keeps going down.
Even if the concept of a “gun violence epidemic” were as the Democrats describe it, there’s no indication that removing guns (as Australia has done) will improve the situation or is even possible. Especially in the wake of the latest Supreme Court cases, it definitely would not be Constitutional.
Nevertheless, according to Obama’s spokesman, the president is looking to take further actions to limit American citizen’s ability to exercise their Constitutionally protected civil rights — without congress. From The Blaze:
.”
[…]
“And there are some, and they have unfortunately been bottled up in Congress and that is a disappointment to the president,” Earnest continued. “But that’s not going to stop the president from continuing to push for administrative steps that we can take to help reduce gun violence.”
Individually, these statements aren’t alarming. But taken together and in context with what the President has proposed in the past, something big might be on the horizon.
The media today seems to be constantly blaming “extremist” news sources for stoking the fears of Americans, and by extension causing the shooting incident in Las Vegas. But when the president is making statements of admiration about a gun ban and confiscation scheme I’d say he’s doing a pretty good job stoking those fears all by himself.
He’d better be careful or he’s going to have an actual revolution, not just some scumbags executing cops and a CCW holder.
EDIT: just when I was gonna start stocking up on ammo, too.
(Sigh)
I think he’s looking forward to that revolution…. just so he can declare martial law and ignore the term limit.
Emperor Obama ?
This may be Obama’s jump the shark moment, if not soon. Its hard to recognize at the time, but clear enough in retrospect. When Dems are jumping ship and reliable Rinos like Cantor are going down with him, on things like immigration, obamacare, and the economy, this will join a number of examples of classic narcissitic denial of reality, and mass psychosis at the WH staff, like Bergdahl, VA scandal response, IRSgate, and so on.
Here is an excellent perspective by an overseas writer with Australian experience, over at Belmont Club, two articles that fit.
Stay chilly POTG. All the progtards have left is desperation. Dont get caught up in it. Remember we are all members of the Be There Club. We will be there long after this clown and various Dems who have enabled him are on the trash heap of history.
And
I AGREE. He wants to stir things up mid-term and indefinitely postpone all the campaigns due to a “national emergency:”…
Consider this – WWII— the Japanese *could have* come on in from Pearl Harbor and attacked the CONUS, but they didn’t. Yamamoto knew better, understood the costs and how bad it would be to try to disarm the US civilians. He opted to sail away.
I pray that strengthens you as you consider whether you should put the Ipod , kindle, smart phone down.. for just a moment… please… and think about something other than social media…
Consider how will you handle things when the government does decide what you own is now THEIRS, as they station troops in your yard, your home, your street… black uniforms, or green.
and start trying to disarm everybody you know…
…keep the social media skills as well…along with your guns-n-ammo…social media connections and skills are going to be very important in the upcoming war with these fascists…and we need all that kind of help we can use…marketing and social media will be important for crushing these bastards..
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
Yeah, there’s an old saying…”Be careful in what you wish for, you may just get it.” Plus, he don’t have the man power to martial law over 100 million angry gun owners….It will be entertaining to see him try, though….I’m kind of hoping that he does try….
I’ve been trying to figure out how he is going to declare martial law now since he got re-elected. I truly believe you might be right. I have read where one author says it’s logistically impossible, as there are too many people, and too much space…but I do believe _something_ is going to happen…I myself don’t believe I’ll live through it, as no one, NO ONE, is coming into my house without a warrant or my permission while I’m still alive. So…..
Yeah, them ammo prices. Crap.
Sure, whatever President O-tool. I’m used to the statist insanity imposed by global bankers by now. Judging by the election results this year you and your Wall Street cabal well know you are surrounded and under siege by the citizenry. So now, you and your buddies are more than likely planning a great big gun and data grab during your imminent lame duck period. Hail Oligarchy.
I don’t know about any of you, but it looks like it’s time to reinstate my installment plan: Buy a minimum one hundred rounds per month no matter how much it costs. And I might also start buying reloading components and binary just to give the plutocrats extra middle fingers on a regular basis.
I think what Mr. Usurper has to worry about is if the People revisit Operation Fast & Furious. His actions along with Holder do indeed need that case to be fully reopened and politicized. The People should be reminded that people on both sides of the border were killed due to their negligence and their agenda to blame the American people for gun violence. Being an unlicensed attorney, Obama and Holder should know there is no statue of Limitations on murder in the United States. This should be put in the back burner for the next president (if they have the gonads) to revisit the crime once Obama and his cohorts leave office. Since their evil deed required planning, it is clear evidence that the crime falls under 1st degree murder charges worthy of the death penalty.
Come and take them, Bub.
He should remember what happens to traitors in a Republic.
Well, looking at Capitol Hill, it seems to me what happens to traitors in this republic is that they’re re-elected over and over and over…
…accurate observation…now let us do something about it…
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
(re-elected over and over again)… Until they are the wealthiest families in the nation, and then they work to enact laws to restrict all the dangerous poor people’s rights.
They will. It’ll be a pre-dawn raid where your door is busted and flashbangs are thrown in, and then a bunch of guys clad in level 4 armor storm the apartment and shoot anything that looks like it’s moving. Most likely, no-one outside of your block will even hear about it, and it’ll be reported as a one-line “SWAT raid to confiscate illegal dangerous goods” in the local newspapers. If they somehow screw up, we might read about it here on TTAG in a few days, and people will post angry comments about how this is totally fascist, and how they will not stand for it, and “molon labe” etc. And that will be that.
Because that’s how it’s been going so far for a while now, so why should the next time be any different?
Yup.
Gun owners by and large are complete cowards. When someone actually lobs a melon they distance themselves from that person and they do their best to vilify them. Gun owners are all talk and no action. They will roll over and take their fucking with a smile when the day finally comes all while saying, “At least I didn’t vote for the lesser of two evils!”
What makes you think that it will be any different when confiscations begin?
I’ll give all of you out there without a badge some good advice.
Sell your guns now before the government takes them without compensation. Get as much money as you can and don’t look back. Because there will be no 94′ style AWB. Confiscation is coming.
TTAG is making a difference with reasoned facts and rational debate. We get the odd OCD OCtard and wannabe Bundy Bodyguards, but the move on when they don’t get any support. We get the occasional progtard troll looking to discredit the POTG with over-the-top rhetoric, probably so folks like MDA have a reason for a hissy fit.
I’m not saying you are either of these, but the language is familiar, and the lame tactic to try and start a circular firing squad is even more pathetic.
There are better places on the innertubz if you want that kind of aattention and mental mastrurbation, or you need to prove MOVE-ON is getting their moneys worth for your clicks….
Just my two cents…dont feed the troll.
Welp that’s enough for me. Who wants some guns for cheap? Everything MUST go, JC762 says so!
MOLON LABE sir
If raids on gun owners become so common that they seem inevitable, I’d bet dollars to donuts that people wouldn’t just sit and wait for a heavily armed, highly trained paramilitary force to lay siege to their homes, and hope to come out on top. People would start being proactive, and at that point, I’d surmise that it would become quite dangerous to be a member of a SWAT team. I am not talking about more danger when they are geared up kicking doors down. I mean after they take off their hats, and return to “civilian” life at the end of the day.
I hope and pray every day that it never even comes close to that point. We do not want a shooting war with anyone, let alone against other Americans. This “Us vs. them” mentality needs to stop immediately.
Obama and leftists are very clearly and very deliberately making it an Us vs Them country, for this very reason. They want it so that when SWAT obliterates a family of law abiding citizens, most of the country cheers.
But, of course, conservatives reach out to the “leftists” every day for compromise and mutual respect and understanding. Right?
Wasn’t there a Connecticut police raid app?
people like you are the problem you are actually referring to…..so you are mad as hell….and you want something done…..but why are YOU NOT doing something?! why does it have to be someone else?! nobody wants to put their neck on the line for others in this country anymore…including yourself!! you want something done?! then do something!! then you might actually see others follow suit!!
Has AlexJones,com lost their village idiot, or is this Jennifer from MDA making something up again?
Can’t wait for the Mother Jones article….
There go ammo prices again.
The guy has zero respect for the Constitution. I guess the time he spent as a “Constitutional scholar” was just casing the joint.
Yup.
I feel sorry for new shooters and those who weren’t able to stock up on a decent supply of ammo.
…from the looks of Obama and his bloodshot eyes these days…I think he’s rolling joints now….and he must be double-high to think that the vast amount of Americans are going to give up our rights like this….or because of these obvious BS false-flag attacks…he…they…are insane…we are bankrupt…we’ve been ripped off and raped by the Bush Dynasty or decades….let us start charging, and convicting these people of treason…then start hanging them…
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
RJ
Dangit, there are only so many guns and ammo I can buy Mr. President! I’m trying to do my part but my resources are finite. His economic policy of terrifying 60% of the population into buying something they want might work better if he wasn’t also forcing them to buy something they don’t.
Ya know what… I’m sick of it. If you want em, all I can say is “good luck.”
Go on Mr President, Be an enemy of the Constitution. I effing DARE you!
He’s already an enemy of the constitution Tommycat, just not in such a way or to such degree that it’s time for removal. Already though the impeachment flag is at half mast and going up and he’s a short timer in office. Mostly what this rhetoric does is put vulnerable senate dems in a worse place and weaken the already poor chances of a dem gaining the whitehouse in 16. Let the idiot talk, you’ve heard of not interfering when your opponent is destroying himself, right?
One of the reasons the gun confiscation in Australia worked, that is the people went along with it, is because they were “subjects” not citizens.
Subjects of the Crown, not Citizens of the Republic.
Obama constantly misjudges what the result will be when he and his (world’s most incompetent ever) staff decide on a course of action. He really needs to go slow here, fully think this out and get some advice from a lot more knowledgeable people than he has been consulting lately.
The only way in which the confiscation in Australia “worked” is in wasting hundreds of millions of dollars on a fool’s errand and turning otherwise law-abiding and peaceable citizens into criminals if they didn’t comply with sexist, racist, anti-rights, and anti-Humanist laws.
And as long as I may live, I will NEVER be a subject. BORN FREE, DIE FREE.
Considering that he got elected at all let alone the fact that
he’s never been forcefully challenged on anything by
anyone other than those in new media. I’d say he’s got
got enough reason to assume that a majority of the
electorate really is nothing more than dutiful subjects.
As for the Australians, I wonder just how many sat back
and said time and again “if the PM pushes any further
we won’t stand for it”.
ChuckN,
None did and for one simple reason, Australia does not have a Bill of Rights and no Second Amendment to said Bill of Rights.
Australia has never had a large community of gun owners, or even hunters. Outdoorsmen are a rare breed there. Check out their demographics sometime; the population almost entirely urban… i.e., CITY DWELLERS, clustered in a few big coastal cities. It’s what America might’ve looked like if people never left the city limits of Chicago, New York, Boston ect. (and the countryside was a lot flatter, drier, hotter, buggier, and snakier.)
The image of Australia as a nation of rugged, independent bushrangers as depicted in the movie “Crocodile Dundee” is a false one. Most Australians have never even seen the outback, much less fired (or even held) a gun in their lives. Consequently, disarming the Australian public was easy-peasy.
America is a different story altogether!
“Subjects of the Crown, not Citizens of the Republic”
You’re an idiot. Australia is a federated democracy. We’re no more subjects of the crown than Canadians are.
It worked because we, the democracy, decided as a group we were no longer going to let idiots with toys blow our kids away.
And we still have shooting clubs in Australia…they just have to prove they’re responsible, with gun safes, proper training and licensing…oh, and we don’t let them buy freakin’ ak-47s! No dear hunter needs an AK.
No deer hunter needs a .30-30 when there’s a .308. No deer hunter needs a .308 when there’s a .30-06. No deer hunter needs a .30-06 when there is a .45-70. We are adults and can make our own decisions. I’ve taken deer with all of the aforementioned calibers and then some.
Or you could just save us your uninformed deer hunting advice. In fact, I’ll do you one better. If an AR is the best weapon for me to defend myself against a felon while I’m on-duty, there’s a good chance that it’s the best thing to defend myself with when I’m off-duty.
Adam,
Disarmed people are mere subjects. Just because they haven’t been subjugated yet doesn’t change this fact. None of my guns are for hunting nor competitions. I don’t have to justify their ownership to any government entity. And I won’t trade personal security for the illusion of safety, period!
It worked except for those pesky arsonists. Oh and I can hunt deer with an AK. It works just fine.
I’ll second that. The AK sure isn’t my favorite deer rifle, but I have taken a whitetail with one, worked just fine.
@Adam, yo Oz…you are a subject…a slave. Learn it, live it…you gave it a way knave.
I’m sure the chains rest nice and easy on him. Heck, they’d probably miss them if they suddenly vanished.
If only the 2A was about hunting or sporting.
You’re a subject because you have absolutely no means to prevent the government from enslaving you. Just because they’ve decided not to (for now) doesn’t change the fact that you are utterly at their mercy, and at the mercy of criminals. You’re a child with an abusive father, thinking you’re safe when he’s not hitting you.
You can’t possibly understand freedom or what it means to stand up to a tyrannical government, or live your own life off the government leash. You’ve been indoctrinated to be subservient. Stop commenting on matters you can’t possibly understand.
Adam,
1) You use several constructions that tell us you are NOT Australian
2) Australasia Constitution was written by an occupying empire
3) your crime rate started out lower and yours has dropped LESS than ours has since.
US murder and violent crime rates fell rates fell 50% since the time your massive gun confiscation was enacted, and Australian murder and crime rates fell only 32%
All the evidence is that you would have less gun violence today if you had never enacted that law.
4) By the way 90% of US murder is criminals killing criminals. If you are not a drug dealer, gang member of career criminal, you are SAFER i the USA than Australia
5) lastly, Australia in fact has less constitutional protections of individual rights. It is easier to hold people without bail, easier for police to collect and enter evidence, and you even have lower first Amendment rights.
Are you really bragging about Australia when you have less First, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth amendment rights? Look at your conviction rates.
Yup. DOESN’t read like an Aussie to me either, more like an out of work Communications major with a UCSB degree, posting for click pay for OFA.
Don’t forget the rising violent crime stats in the UK, even with their admittedly cooked books trying to show gun control worked there. They are a few years ahead of Australia, and the trend, at least anecdotally in Australian urban centers, is showing same: criminals are preying upon disarmed citizens and when seconds count, the police are just minutes away.
Who said anything about needing to deer hunt with an AK? For that matter, who said that the rights American citizens are supposed to enjoy as Constitutionally protected had anything to do with hunting?
yep federated democracy and aconstitutional monarchy.
Here in America, we don’t have a British Consul-General sitting in our national capital representing the Queen nor do we have British governors sitting along side our elected governors like you do in every one of your provinces.
But folks in Australia do.
Who appoints the High Court and all of your Federal Judges? the British Consul General does. Who makes up your Executive Branch? The British Consul General does and he is “advised” by your Prime Minister. Who can dismiss the elected prime Minister? The British Consul-General can.
If you’re not Subjects of the Queen, what is with all this British Consul-General nonsense?
Sure, Adam, that’s why a few dozen Lebanese immigrants with clubs and rocks can bring whole cities to a standstill. Kind of like one of our school lockdowns only bigger. No thanks.
Adam, you are obfuscating badly. Your 1996 National Firearms Agreement, which mandated the compensated confiscation of many types of firearms and stringent limitations on ownership of restricted weapons (permits based on a police[government]-approved ‘need’, which does NOT include self-defense) was put in place because your then-Prime Minister, John Howard, and his GOVERNMENT dragooned your state governments into passing it. There was NO popular vote. This is NOT ‘democracy’ in action–that is, unless a majority of your citizens voted to approve their legislators enacting such law, which is not the case.
I would normally ask you what a ‘dear hunter’ is, but instead of assuming that it is a rather effeminate fellow who either minces or prances Broadway-style into the woods to hunt, I’ll take it as a misspelling. It’s still funny. . .
As to hunting with an AK, you seem to think, like all other antis, that an AK is some incredible weapon of mass destruction capable of emitting full 30 caliber bullet magazine clips in less than a second with one pull of the trigger. It isn’t; it’s a semi-automatic (I’m sure that you don’t mean a select-fire version, which is clearly illegal to possess in your country AND would be prohibited for hunting in ANY civilized nation) short-barreled rifle firing a cartridge with less muzzle energy than a .303 Enfield rifle, and incapable of firing very much faster than a good WWI soldier could work the bolt on said Enfield, which by the way holds ten rounds in a detachable magazine, making it an ‘assault weapon’ by many a government’s criteria. I do believe that the Enfield Number 1 MkIII* is somewhat popular in your country?
Anything else?
Actually the numbers showed violent crime increased after the Australian debacle. There was a scarey surge of :home invasions where armed people came into unarmed households and took what they want and stayed as long as they wanted. The delusion is that lack of guns can make a violent society less violent.
Gotta house the new illegal Americans
Impeach, impeach, impeach. 38% approval for Barry. So it seems a lot of RATS are abandoning ship. It appears B.Hussain does not care about public opinion anymore. It is hard to believe any president could ever be this corrupt-or inept.
He is chust followink orders.
That 30% of that 38% would approve even if he started eating baby fetuses on tv to gain their powers. The other 8% would just cough and look uncomfortable.
I would suspect that if Mr. Obama gobbled some aborted fetuses on PBS ‘live’ some evening, a goodly percentage of Liberals and Democrats would applaud his Green attitude in putting to good wholesome use some of the 56,662,169 children murdered by abortion since Roe v. Wade in 1973.
But, I digress.
Even if Mr. Obama walked out of the White House tonight, went next door, and murdered a gay mixed-race special-needs couple and their 1.3 children in cold blood, the WH PR team and the media would scramble to make his actions at best laudable or to at worst cover them up; If that wasn’t successful, the full House would have to vote a bill of impeachment by simple majority, which would then go to the Senate who would have to have a 2/3rds majority in favour of first impeaching him and then CONVICTING him of an impeachable offense, and THEN remove him from office, at which time he MIGHT be indicted for the crimes and MIGHT be convicted in a trial.
And, still, he would be defended by most Liberals and Democrats, as the whole thing was just racist.
It is hard to believe any president could ever be this corrupt-or inept.
Is it really that hard to believe? After the clown parade of mediocre, bumbling, dishonest, immoral, disrespectful, degenerate criminal shitheads who have dishonored the office before him for the last five decades or so, it seems to me that he’s just following a well-worn path. It’s no longer noteworthy that our president is inept and corrupt; I would be much more surprised if he weren’t.
He learned from Bush that the presidency is imperialist, and you can get away with damned near anything. The next one will have even more power. Now, will we get Romney, or Hillary? Either way, the grabbing goes into high gear.
Can’t impeach as long as the Democrats own the Senate. There is no way in the world they’d go along with impeaching the guy they take their lead from. It would never even reach the floor of the Senate for a vote, and the MSM would immediately start screaming about the “racist effort to impeach the first black President for being black”. We HAVE to take back the Senate and maintain control of the House, and it has to be by supermajority in both, or there will be no chance of reigning this nut and his cohorts in.
“But when the president is making statements of admiration about a gun ban and confiscation scheme I’d say he’s doing a pretty good job stoking those fears all by himself.”
Well, he is after all known as, along with a great many other “colorful” (to say the least) monikers, “The Greatest Gun Salesman of All Time”.
It is what he and the other jibbering idiots on Capitol Hill said that directly caused the Great Panic Buying of 2012 — which, by the way, we’re only just seeing the end of in 2014.
Well, those economic numbers weren’t good last quarter…so why not get the scare out there and get people buying again. For him it’s even better if he can actually follow through
Buying with WHAT?
For many I would guess they run up the credit cards
Credit card debt has skyrocketed in the past few months. Means people either are optimistic they can pay it back, or don’t expect to have to.
For me, it’s cash in small enough amounts to be manageable. I sure don’t want records of my ammo purchases going to a Fusion Center.
And then you have folks like me who would happily drop some coin on a Tavor and/or a Scar 17, but of course I can’t. Even with money to spend and stock on the shelves of various e-tailers, there is no commerce to be made.
Gun control after the elections this Fall. In the mean time, look for him to throw his tantrum over immigration going nowhere with the primary defeat of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. Gun control is a losing issue while immigration may have legs. He’ll have to use his phone and pen for both issues.
THANK YOU, Dave Brat!
Eric Cantor can run as Likud in Israhell!
Yes!
Cantor got his arse handed to him. Big time.
@Tom in Oregon, sweet justice to some DC amnesty loving swine.
Good on yall. Meanwhile the Bloomberg Dems seem awfully quiet on that matter. Maybe it’s because they know they’re next.
This makes me so freaking happy. Another one of Boehner’s cabana boys getting kicked to the curb, replaced by someone who refuses to kiss the ring. We lose Boehner and maybe the House will actually start doing its freaking job of holding the purse strings.
@B, AMEN!!!!
No, he can’t, Likud is the conservative party there…
Not so much conservative as neocon/corporate socialist. He’ll fit right in.
Yea, but that tool Beyer won the 8th with 46% of the vote. WTH NOVA?
Is he trying to screw the rest of the Democratic Party at this point? Having the leader of their party praise ban-and-confiscate policies should cost them some more races in what’s already shaping up to be a bad year for them.
I love it. You can see all the old guard Dems shifting uncomfortably with every irrational act his incompetent administration commits. He must have some serious dirt on Harry to keep up that love fest.
I have to wonder how much stock he has in ammo and gun manufacturers.
Right at the time citizens are running away from gun control, the Volvo-driving, corporate-socialist, Bloomberg Dems picked gun control as their hill to die on. Screw ’em. They’ll get what they deserve soon enough.
Hey, I like my Volvo. Its a good car.
Please bring it, your majesty. The sooner you try, the sooner you fail. Again.
Boy, for a self-proclaimed Constitutional Scholar, he sure is a dumbass.
and……..we have it!
THREAD WINNER!!!!
Operative term: “self-procalimed”. He has nothing but CONTEMPT for the Constitution.
He studied the Constitution the way a thief studies locks.
“The path we’re embarked upon, in the name of good, is a familiar one. The unspeakable horrors of Nazism, Stalinism, and Maoism did not begin in the ‘30s and ‘40 command and control that’s leading toward totalitarianism. And, incidentally, it’s no coincidence that most of those at the top are lawyers — people with a special, seemingly tutored, contempt for our Constitution and rule of law.”
— Walter E. Williams
(1936- ) Columnist, Professor of Economics at George Mason University
Source: Conservative Chronicle, September 20, 1995
I award you 10 internets sir!
I’ve got an idea for the Prez. He could instruct his Attorney General, Eric Holder to have the ATF set up a ‘sting’ operation in which they ‘inadvertently’ funnel a few thousand ‘assault rifles’ to the Sinaloa Drug Cartel. Then when the guns start showing up at murder scenes they could claim that lax American gun laws are ‘causing’ the violence in Mexico. This will crate such a furor in this country that the ATF will then be able to selectively impose stricter rules on certain firearms dealers without congressional approval.
Sounds like an excellent plan! We should make sure those pesky kids and that dog aren’t around first…. just in case!
Dear God, a Scooby-Doo episode centered around ATF gun-smuggling would be so awesome. The monster of the week could even be some sort of gun-golem that is foiled when Shaggy and Scoob ensnare it in a comically oversized trigger-lock.
That would be the
BEST. EPISODE. EVER.
“Now, let’s see who’s under that mask”
“Gasp! Attorney General Eric Holder!”
“I woulda gotten away with it too, if it weren’t for you meddlin’ kids.”
It’s a little disingenuous to point to Australia and laud their lack of mass shootings. In the 1980s, Australia had 25 mass murder victims, all shootings. In the 1990s they enacted draconian firearm laws. In the 2000s they had 25 mass murder victims, all by arson. Not much of an improvement, unless you accept the frankly insane premise that death by gunshot is infinitely worse than being burned alive.
I don’t intend to underestimate him, but personally I think he is just grandstanding. On the other hand, If he tries to do anything, good ol’ Leonidas said it best.
Edit: If I didn’t know any better, I’d say Barry has some ammo company stock in his portfolio. He’s certainly sold me on buying more guns and ammo than anybody else ever has.
Calm down everyone. POTUS cannot have an Executive Order enforced if it is unconstutional. Please do not feed the (POTUS) troll. I am hoping he submits an Executive Order so it will “blow up” in the Dems face. I am still under oath to defend the constution against ALL enemies…
I’m guessing the part about unconstitutional orders being unenforced is sarcasm, right? The Constitution is repeatedly in ignored and flouted by this administration, and likewise by the legislature, and also the judiciary.
We functionally have no legislative oversight with his golf buddy Boehner and he’s filled up the DC circuit courts that rule on his unConstitutional actions after Harry changed Senate rules for him.
It’s only unconstitutional if someone says it’s unconstitutional. That could be the Supreme Court, the executive branch under him, or the populace. Those three are in order of “shit’s going bad”. If the Supreme Court determines it to be unconstitutional, well, that’s not bad. That’s the pressure release in the system. If the executive branch refuses to support it’s head, well, that’s approaching a constitutional crisis. If the populace makes the determination that the executive is overstepping and has no support from the other branches… well… things could get ugly.
I disagree. Specifically, Judicial Review.
So adorable. Typical leftist projection; he is lawless and so sees the general citizen as the same.
he is lawless and so sees the general citizen as the same.
No he does not, he see’s us as a threat to his goal of tyranny, treason and oppression.
Is he going to start praising Nazi Germany Next?.
Being a student of WWII history, I can say that the ideology of the National-Socialist of the early 1930s mirrors today’s Progressives. If someone reading does not believe, study it. Albert Spiers wrote extensively about Hitler’s inner circle, and it shows what happens when Progressives have no boundaries.
COMMENT MODERATED
I’ve always thought very highly of Col. Angus!
Though some say Col. Angus is an acquired taste, I find Col. Angus very pleasant
Pleasant as he may be, I hear a gal can only take so much of Col. Angus.
Golly, I wish that comments weren’t moderated quite so quickly. . . I bet that this one was really funny!
Sure. Gun confiscation worked like a charm in Australia. Ask any of the police officers having to deal with all the criminals throwing frisbees at each other. Such a tough day watching gang members have pillow fights.
“Gun violence levels aren’t statistically significant”
WTF???
An average of ONE SCHOOL SHOOTING EVERY WEEK FOR THE LAST 18 MONTHS is not ‘statistically significant’?
If there is another school shooting, I hope Karma knows where the children of the author of this worthless diatribe go to school.
No, there hasn’t. The map Everytown published contained duplicates, suicides with no other victims and incidents that happened off school property.
Oh, and that’s the fifth or sixth time I’ve heard a “concerned” gun control advocate suggest that maybe the children of people they disagree with should be the next to die, including once about my own child. It’s not simply grotesque and cruel, it’s indicative of a person who is apparently fine with children dying, despite their bullshit rhetoric.
It’s disgusting. Self-styled “patriots” with paper assholes.
Sorted.
What’s that mean?
It’s British slang. It means done, handled, etc. As in, you handled that well.
I believe it means TTAG has a generous, liberal policy when it comes to people who are anti freedom.
It kind of highlights the people who are either trollers or downright, ah, um,” intelligence challenged”?
TTAG certainly is. I’ve apparently been blocked from making responses on “Being Liberal”. I guess that they can’t take a little debate on their favorite issues….
Gotcha Matt. I didn’t know if something had been moderated or whatever. I’m not too bright.
Nobody is “anti freedom.” But more and more are becoming “anti lugnut with a powerful gun” and that includes plenty of those of us that are gun owners.
I beg to differ – there are plenty of people who are anti-freedom. Sure, there may not be many people who are “domain-general” anti-freedom, but our political discourse is positively chock-full of people who would seek to restrict the liberties of others in some respect or another on very dubious grounds. They might identify as anti-liquor, or anti-flag-burning, or anti-gun, but they are all anti-freedom.
since only a couple of the “school shootings” involve something like an AR-15, and are usually just plain old pump shotguns or a pistol, I guess “powerful guns” = all guns?
Um… Someone hears a gunshot near a school and the school goes on lockdown does not equal a school shooting.
“… I hope Karma knows where the children of the author”
You’re a bitter little ray of sunshine then, aren’t you?
Yes, because wishing death upon someone you disagree with is much better than suggesting any kind of alternative solution. Do us a favor and go troll somewhere else.
Dear Worried Citizen,
Firearm homicides average less than 12,000 per year. There are over 300,000,000 million firearms in this country. 12,000 improperly used firearms per year, versus 299,978,000 properly used. This means that 99.99% of all firearms are used in a legal proper manner each year. That’s the textbook definition of statistically insignificant. Compare that to 33,000 deaths from poisoning or the same number from car accidents. It’s a red herring.
Guys, trolls are like stray cats. It may be really tempting to feed them, but once you give them a bite, they never go away. Save yourselves some trouble and please refrain from feeding the trolls.
Not everyone who voices an opposing opinion, even loudly, is a troll. Sometimes the things they say need to be set straight, if not for their benefit, then for the benefit of others watching.
Of course, Matt. Its just that when you have someone post for first time with the obvious “concern troll” type moniker “a worried citizen” who lays out an obvious strawman, combined with a veiled threat at one’s kids, then it looks very much like progtard rhetoric, by the lame-o Alinsky playbook.
We can waste a lot of time resonding to the misdirection of the strawman, or simply call them out.
It’s now common to see gun controllers wish death on other people children. That’s very telling.
I would never wish death on your child. Au contraire, I will always stand up for your constitutional rights, and try to protect your life, even though you would happily take away my rights and my life.
Thank you for reaffirming my commitment to carry a gun every day, everywhere, knowing there are violent, psychotic people like you in the world.
Please seek help immediately. I become worried about your mental state when wish death on others.
“A worried citizen”
Yeah, you may be worried, but you aren’t doing much thinking either. 1 a month you say?
Dear lord….. let’s start throwing away rights.
4-5 of anything per month is NOTHING in a society of 400,000,000 million people. Pretty much every other cause you can think of has a higher death toll on children than guns. (that’s why it always makes the news) Stop and think about things for a moment, instead of close minded, slack jawed ignorance, try using that brain that made man the rulers of the earth. Learn to think, or go back to the cave.
Also, why is it always “the children, the children, the children the children the children, the children” with you people?
What good are children?
We have plenty to go around. Over population is one of the single greatest problems in this world. Nearly every major problem we face could be made better by a lower population.
“The children” don’t pay any taxes. They soak up tax dollars like a sponge.
Yes, I get it. We are all hard wired to want to save the tribe’s young so we can survive. It’s a natural trait for our species… but so are a lot of other things we ignore. It’s just cave man survival traits.
“The children” are FAR less valuable to a society than the adults.
A bit Ayn Rand-ish for my tastes, but you’re technically correct about how little children contribute. By that same token, you don’t rip out a tomato vine before it’s mature enough to bear fruit. You do have to take excellent care of the vines you plant until then, though; otherwise, we end up with a bunch of weeds.
44 people (not necessarily children) died or were wounded in those shootings since Sandy Hook.
For comparison, over 50,000 children died from various causes last year alone in the USA.
So yes, the school shootings are pretty much statistically insignificant in the big scheme of things. It’s just that you hear about them on TV, while you don’t hear about kids hit dead by a car (~10k/year – so about 30 kids every day). Unless it’s your kid, that is.
“Concerned citizen”
1) Gun murder of children has been plummeting.
2) Over 95% of kids killed in and around school are killed because of the drug trade and gangs. Only about 12% of kids killed in and around schools are killed whit guns
And less kids are killed with assault rifles than are killed with circumcision.
3) About 16x more kids are killed though non gun murder simply from being in the homes of criminals. What you want is to make it illegal for a child to be raised in the home of a criminal.
Children in the homes of gun owners who are not criminals are 20% safer than those in unarmed
Children raised in homes where criminals are domiciled, with and without guns are 20x more likely to be harmed.
4) Otherwise demographcically equal States with the highest gun ownerhhsip have the LOWEST murder rates of children
Even using your absurdly inflated numbers that would be 72 school shootings out of 98,817 schools or 0.07% of schools in the US experiencing a shooting. 7 1/100ths of a percent isn’t significant statistically.
In the last year there were 11,110 murders in which a gun was the primary weapon, in a nation of 317m people that’s 0.003 percent of the population, again, statistically insignificant.
If school safety is a primary concern one should look to student drivers, the drive (or ride outside of a school bus) is more likely to cause death than all forms of intentional violence combined. For that matter school aged children are more likely to die by suicide than homicide. There are serious issues facing us in terms of children’s safety but guns aren’t even near the top of the list. Perhaps we should revisit violence after we’ve addressed the leading causes of death in children, but not before.
A further break down reveals that most homicide for ‘children’ occurs somewhere other than school, and that the vast majority were either engaged in a pattern of criminal behavior or else were accidentally killed in an attempt by a person with a pattern of criminal behavior to kill another person so engaged. Essentially, gang wars kill far more ‘children; than school shooters, they just tend to do it one at a time. Where is the outrage for that, and what plans are offered to alter the cycle of criminality, poverty and murder in our inner cities?
Nothing will change if the only solution offered in gun control, it hasn’t worked and can’t work to resolve what amounts to on going tribal warfare. We actually have to find solutions to the problem, not attempt to limit the arms the war is being fought with. That’s never worked in a military setting and isn’t likely to succeed in a civil one.
So former jock who’s life has taken a downturn, who goes to school in the middle of the night and commits suicide is tragic, but by no rational person’s definition is this a school shooting.
He’s really shooting for that single digit approval rating ain’t he?
Obama holds breath, stomps feet.
A republican president would have been impeached for this kind of shit long ago.
Not to put too fine a point on it, but if he was white period, he would have been impeached by now and quite possibly charged with treason. Unfortunately this is not going to happen. Every time people try to argue against Obama’s policies, his supporters (including the MSM) start screaming racism. Just look at the vitriol that gets dumped on the Tea Party, for example. You must either agree with The One, or you are a hateful, uneducated, racist pig.
Guess I’m just a hateful, uneducated, racist pig then………
Well I guess we are about due for another
Gun run and ammo run agin
Grrrrrrrr and I probably should gets some clips
While im at it
MAGAZINES
just sayin…
I thought we still hated Guns & Ammo?
Maybe his go to rifle is a Garand.
SKS or VZ 58 can take stripper clips also.
Metal box what holds ammunition and goes under the receiver, just rearward of the chamber.
How about that?
Seriously. Colloquial usage is fine, unless it has unhealthy results or implications.
LOL just bustin chops. I was going to say Bullet Magazine Clips
Why don’t we just compromise and call them clipazines?
Bring it on, Barry. I will enjoy the sweet, sweet tears of your Congressional allies in paper tyranny come election season as they grieve outside the Capitol wondering what went wrong.
I always enjoy seeing the TTAG boys channel their inner Scotsman! =D
Nae mair makin’ fin ay other men’s spellin’! it’s nae reit! Whit ur ye, a bludy sassenach?
I’m convinced he owns gun and ammo stock.
Monkey see monkey do in effect perhaps?
This is what happens when a juvenile delinquent is elected president.
I guess now’s the time to buy stock in gun companies; This is as close I’m ever going to get to insider information.
Cha-Ching! $$$
That top picture.
Is he showing us a measurement of his constitutional knowledge or the length of his
attention span.
After Sandy Hook, I thought that it would take something extreme to put gun control back on the table. I underestimated the power of the press. They will literally publicize any gun-related crime involving middle-class, white people.
This POTUS “Vows to Act Without Congress” yet again?
Um, yeah… here’s my surprised face. 😐
I remember when I used to live in a country where a president publicly proclaiming he would enact laws without congress would have been arrested and impeached. What the hell happened to the USA?
I’ll tell you what happened: the population became dominated by people like my mother, whose attitude about Obama’s EOs is basically “he has to do it, congress won’t ever get anything done.” Yes, my mother said those words verbatim.
Throw out the checks and balances system that the country was built on, for the sake of expediency and immediate political satisfaction.
Australia is the PERFECT example of how gun bans DON’T prevent gun violence…
How many gang members over there have perfectly functional garage guns? Anyone? SMH…
10’s of thousands the 648K of guns handed in durning the 96 confiscation in Australia were not even in the banned list, they were bolt action etc.
What could a little ‘modest’ trimming of your rights hurt? The suppression of the many over the actions of a few.
Yes, the same Australia in which assaults and sexual assaults have increased by a significant amount in the last 10 years…
Please, bring it and bring it hard. He said earlier this year gun control was off the table and wanted dems to stop talking about it for they may get killed in the mid-terms, I guess he no longer cares about the mid-terms. All this will make it difficult on Hillary who already opened her mouth about gun control. Let gun control be the issue that removes the democrats from the majority and makes a long lasting bitter pill not soon to be forgotten in the future.
You know, I really wish his handlers would do a better job ensuring that he only reads from a tele-prompter and ceases to ad-lib. Every time he starts flapping his gums we’re reminded of how little he really knows.
“flapping his gums” is that some kind of a racist statement? Are you a racist? Racist, racist!!! We have a RACIST here!!!!!! Someone call Holder!!!!! Inform MSNBC and Toure!!!!!
With a certain interpretation of the “take Care” clause.. such an action, would be setting himself up for impeachment just for attempting it. These actions directly conflict with his oath of office, sure… But Executive Orders were never intended to be, and there is no wording in the Constitution on the duties of the president, that they be used to grant broad discretionary power. It is meant to aid in the enforcement of laws, not to nullify, or write new laws while bypassing the due process.
But when you’ve got two years to go, no chance at keeping your job, and have a lame duck as your second… well, I guess you get to try whatever you want.
Fun fact, the 1st executive order was used by Martha Washington to ask for money to buy dishes for a party.
And it was proper.. executive orders can be used for things like ordering stationary, gassing up Air Force 1, acquiring caviar for foreign dignitaries… Anything that aids in the execution of the duties of the office.
Not correct, Sean. Executive orders are for the purpose of executing the laws passed by Congress. Congress is famous for passing vague and open ended statutes, and leaves it to the executive branch and all of its various agencies to interpret those laws and pass regulations to put the law into effect. Most laws are not self-executing but instead required Executive Branch action. By the same token, executive or agency action must be supported by a law granting the executive authority–Obama cannot simply act outside the scope of his constitutional powers or those granted to him by Congress.
If this wannabe despot continues trying to rule by fiat, he’s going to have a WORLD of trouble fall upon him.
Been expecting this since he was re-elected in 2012. He very well might order that all people on the “terror watch list” be dumped into the NICS system first, and a few other unsavory things, figuring it will take years for the resulting lawsuits to work their way \up through the court system. By then, the damage will pretty much be done.
I don’t think he’ll actually try to confiscate. I hope I’m not wrong.
You guys, Obama isn’t coming after your guns. Look, he barely went after guns at all in his first term. There are just lots and lots of “pro-gun Democrats” out there. As a Constitutional scholar, Obama respects the rule of law…
Not.
Here’s another pro tip for those who thought Obama wouldn’t be anti gun: don’t vote for Hillary in 2016. Don’t support Christie, either. Also, show every anti-gun Democrat and Republican the door in 2014. Soap box, ballot box…you get the idea.
As for me, I’ll never interrupt a statist politician while he or she is making a mistake. Except maybe if it involves another inept prisoner exchange.
That reminds me–has Cristie acted on that obnoxious gun bill the NJ Legislature dumped in his lap? Seems to have fallen out of the news cycle here.
Haven’t seen any update since May 24. Looks like Christie is too busy getting sued by teachers unions to veto it. Probably weighing the pros of further disarming his victims against the cons of losing the chance to get more future victims in a white house run. Make no mistake, he wants to sign it so bad.
Christie may as well save his money and stay home. The guy couldn’t get a republican nomination if he ran unopposed in the primary.
Dunno. I’m working 60-70 hours a week.
Yup. Obama can’t help returning to his roots by rolling out the same failed rhetoric as instilled by his mentors, Marshall, Wright, and Ayers, and the puppet master, Jarret, is all alone as the few remaining adults in WH bail out, leaving the kids in charge, xbox boy Rhodes, Youtube Rice, et al.
Who’s got the popcorn?
Only in the US i.e. developed country does mass murder happen here. Only here do is the right to bear arms blah, blah bal blah hah. Yes Mr. President we have mass murder here, because deep down you and every legislator wants it….warm blood flowing on the sidewalks, the dirt, the concrete, the carpet. Yes the stuff of life, drained from the citizens you have responsibility for. The blood letting of Aztec’s at the pinnacle of pyramids is now replaced among the streets and homes of your citizens.
AND THE ONLY ANSWER the leader of the free world is ink on paper. No force multiplier of an armed citizenry. No good guy putting it on the line, being the person in the arena. No one to call the ball and put a mad man/woman down. Madness ends at the opposite end of a barrel. The barrel while extinguishes life, preserves others. At what point does the intellectual mind intersect reality…apparently it doesn’t
THIS IS CHANGE AMERICAN VOTED FOR.
“THIS IS CHANGE AMERICAN VOTED FOR.”
Some of them, yes. Certainly any who is actually paying attention to what the admin does and still votes for him. But there are also a large number of people I think who are genuinely clueless, but can be reached (especially when they find what happens to their own interests). I think many are starting to realize they’ve been lied to all along.
Hence the big push for voter registration on college campuses. Clueless, idealistic, naive high school graduates will vote the way they are told to. To appear mature and sophisticated. NOT like their parents, who are supporting them. And in droves.
There’s truth in what you say about the young and clueless, which is a main goal of public education and the universities. On the other hand, the youth always rebel against “the man,” whoever than man is. Part of the human condition. So, who’s “the man” now? Leftists. Has to be a way to leverage that, but the message probably should come from others in that generation. Teach your children well so they can be one of those voices.
Gun sales will be brisk through January 2017. The FBI will at one point stop releasing the monthly NICS numbers, bet on it…
best way this clown can spend the remaining 2 1/2 years he has
left…golf
Door to door confiscation would be grounds for massive civil unrest/disobedience and especially what it’s based on, lies and bullshit. Australia’s gun laws are NOTHING to be proud of and are an example of a FAILURE in policy.
“…Door to door confiscation would be grounds for massive civil unrest/disobedience.”
Yes, the question is whether the admin understands this, and if so whether they would actually welcome it. Depends on their state of mind.
The leftists have been eating away at America’s structures for more than 100 years. They gain control, kick America in the nuts as hard as they can for as long as they can, people wise up and vote them out, they go back to ground for 30 or 40 years (all the while making steady gains in taking over basic institutions like education and the press), then come back under another name for another round of furious nut-kicking. Each cycle they do lasting damage (the Fed, progressive income tax, social security, medicare, welfare) that leaves the US weaker than before. Like a matador slowly weakening a bull until it’s possible to deliver the coup de grace.
So, do the Progs smell endgame in the air? Or do they think they need to go to ground for another cycle before they make their final move? I don’t know. If the former, they might welcome unrest as an excuse to drop the mask and go openly totalitarian. If the latter, they may show some restraint.
Obama seems to care little about his party’s prospects in 2014 and 2016. That could indicate that he accepts that the Progs are essentially done for another 30 years, so he’s decided to give our collective nut sack as many swift kicks as he can on the way out. Or it could indicate that the Progs are ready to go all in. Of course, he could simply be bat-shit crazy (instead of or in addition to the other possibilities). Which is it? I wish I knew, but I think we are in for some very interesting times.
This is how authoritarians and dictators do things. Create fear and tension, with a liberal dose of overall uncertainty, and you can have the little people kvetching to and fro because no one knows what awful thing is going to happen next. Start with gun control talk and open admiration for gun confiscation, and you can get a broad range of Americans to achieve a state of permanent agitation. Tick-tick-tick…
People can howl all they want, but you can thank every single gun owner who went out and voted for this guy because they agreed with him on some pet issue. Conservatives knew his past statements as a professor and a senator and knew he was a nightmare for gun rights ready to happen. Sorry, it’s a fact.
Ok, may take some heat for this but here goes
Your gun laws in the USA are broken but so are ours here in Australia. you have too much freedom with regards to background checks classifications acquisition and open carry , we have way too many criteria to be met in order to shoot regularly let alone own a gun and open carry and CC are completely illegal hell we can’t even play airsoft cause the guns “look real”
There is a sweet spot though , introduce background checks, sporting club membership and special licences for conceal and open carry.
Make owners shoot a number of times a year to show that you use then for things other than tetmination of life. I have always admired the 2nd amendment and lamented that we don’t have something like that here. Right now if someone rolls into my house with a gun… I probably get shot and I think that is the real crime
P.s the gun buy back didn’t work here, cause the only people who handed back ALL their guns were people who couldn’t find a place to hide them .. oh and criminals cause they dont care about laws
There is no “sweet spot.” We have nothing to gain from capitulation. We have already given too much away and now we are winning the long game. Crime is dropping year after year even with more guns in circulation, more states are liberalizing their carry laws, and mass shootings are the exception not the norm. And sorry, the 2nd Amendment was never about “hunting” or “sporting purposes.” Making our freedoms contingent on being a member of some elite organization is a betrayal of everything our Bill of Rights stands for and someone who “admires” the 2nd needs to understand that.
…shall not be infringed…
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
No such thing as too much freedom. We are all born naturally free, except immediately thrust into a coercive, government-mandated life. By the time we’re grown up enough to be self aware, we’re already indoctrinated to believe that a life subservient to government and society is the norm.
^^^ This ^^^
You don’t get it…
Use your own words, though instead of using the terms “for conceal and open carry” use the word fists. Do you think any government has the right to prevent you from using your fists to defend yourself if your life was threatened? Do we put restrictions on martial arts? What kind of license should a 3rd degree blackbelt have in order to defend himself? How about High Capacity magazine, I mean, round-house kick ban? Should we restrict their usage and say you can only throw 10 of those kind of kicks in a fight before having to meditate?
By all intents and purposes a firearm is an extension of your need for personal defense against ANYTHING and ANYONE that threatens you and those you love just as much as your own fists are. Make no mistake It is a GOD GIVEN RIGHT to defend yourself! Our second amendment simply exists to tell those who would try to take that right from us to go to hell.
I understand, its hard for people under the thumb of an oppressive government to comprehend this simple truth.
I’m not sure why people don’t know even in our own country but, we already have background checks. We have had them since the 90’s.
I disagree. Now get off my lawn.
“There is a sweet spot though , introduce background checks, sporting club membership and special licences for conceal and open carry.”
I don’t even know how to reply to this kind of foolishness.
Don’t moderate me for calling it foolishness either. It is.
You’re already so far lost that you honestly have no place speaking on this issue. Go over to the gun grabbers, you’re 90% there already.
If we support these asinine “club memberships” you talk about, then there will be a push to require them before long. Hey, I have an idea… let’s all get a patch for our clubs, and wear it all the time!
So people can know not to trust us evil gun owners!
Maybe it could be pointy, and star like?
Special licenses for CC, yeah we already have that. Learn before you speak.
Special licenses for OC?
OC is already banned in many places, and is an issue of mass contention anyhow. OC is always an attention grabber.
You either have the desire and ability to commit a gun crime, or you don’t.
Laws really aren’t going to influence that.
Stop suggesting we castrate our rights.
Here’s our sweet spot:
A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
When you understand what that means, in its entirety and word by word, you will understand that this nation was founded upon individual Liberty. When it no longer rests on Liberty, it ceases to be our nation.
You talk about open carry… even though I’m not a fan of it in urban areas what on earth would a law against open carry do to protect anyone? When is the last time someone decided to shoot up a school but then said ‘shucks, better not do it and turn myself in because open carry is illegal’?
You’re going to catch heat for a simple and fundamental reason; the point of the second amendment isn’t to ensure that we can keep guns for the heck of it, it’s so that we can keep guns for the purpose of defending our other liberties from threats domestic and foreign. Government didn’t ‘give’ us the right to keep and bear arms, that right has always existed. Likewise government cannot take away that right, we’d have to surrender it and I believe there are too many of us who refuse to do so for that to work. The primary difference between the American point of view and the Australian is this: The 2nd was written with an eye towards revolution, and revolution is what we will have if it isn’t respected and upheld.
What Obama does with these statements is flirt dangerously close to tyranny, and the time honored solution to that in the US is revolution. There will be no turn in here, no confiscation until there is a victor in a nasty internal war. The most likely victor? China, unless you count the Russians annexing all of eastern and central Europe as victory. The people of the US may not win their liberty from the government if it becomes tyrannical, but they will so weaken it that there is little doubt that it would be years, perhaps decades before the US is able to focus externally again. What world it will find when it looks outward after that is hard to say, but it couldn’t be pretty.
you have too much freedom
So says the world at the U.S.
….until they need their ass saved again.
How about this: You stay where you are and clean up your own mess, and we’ll stay here and take care of our business, m’k?
Aussie, what part of Oz? What gun club, bloke? Not that I suspect you, or anything, but the appeal to a compromise, from a failing position, such as yours, vs whats actually working, here in the US, with court decisions, elections, and rising public opinion for preservation of 2A rights, is a false choice, mate.
I see the libtard tide has turned there, with some of your elections. When you get it right there, come back and check in with us, alright. You went the way of the bloody pom’s and now you’ve got some work to do sorting it out there, cheerio.
Obama is not coming for your guns…is what someone told me once.
Yeah, about that . . .
If you like your guns, you can keep your guns. I’m certain I heard something similar before . . .
“there’s no indication that removing guns (as Australia has done) will improve the situation or is even possible”
That statements about an Australian style buyback not being possible or reducing mass shootings is factually incorrect.
Obviously it’s possible, Australia did it (a democracy with very similar pre-buyback gun laws to the US).
About whether buybacks work..that last study on the subject showed that in Australia, in the decade prior to the buyback, there was an average of one mass shooting (five or more victims) every year. Since the gun buyback scheme was announced in 1996 there have been zero mass shootings in Australia. Not one. Zip…Nada….in 18 years.
Not only that, suicides have fallen. Without firearm availability suicide victims have had to result in less fatal means which has improved the ability for medical intervention. There was a 10% immediate and continued drop in suicides after the introduction of the buyback scheme.
The US gun debate is a complex and emotive issue – but please at least have the honour to keep it factual.
That doesn’t explain how Japan’s suicide rate is much higher than ours in one of the most gun-free societies on Earth.
Or how the Dunblane and Cumbria shootings in the UK were possible even with stricter laws than ours in both cases.
These are not red herrings. Australia is just one case out of many and every country has its own set of problems. Even if their experiment worked it is statistically unsound to base all gun control outcomes on the results of one country, especially since our crime rates were falling in tandem with Australia’s (and continue to fall) despite not passing laws of such severity.
…I could be wrong…but I think eventually from a historic perspective…they will find that our crime rates are tied to the demographics and aging of the post WWII war baby boomers…and the drug /drink fueled years across their generational lives…the boomer’s parent (in general) were an abusive generation that rolled in hypocrisy and drink….take the idiotic war on drugs, three-strikes-and you’re out…and the fact that many parents had already spun the souls of their kids by the mid-70’s…now we see their offspring off on the meth and pills…but with each new generation we (hopefully) build better parents who learn to raise happier, more productive adults…and hopefully (as well)..our kids have become aware and libertarian …. so we are making progress…
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
There are two interesting theories on our plummeting violent crime rates.
The first is that the 1978 ban on lead paint use in residential structures resulted in an eventual drop in the number of children developing lead exposure based behavioral problems.
The other, and more compelling argument is that the 56.6 million unwanted pregnancies terminated since 1973 has resulted in a continuing decline of the population from which most violent criminals were traditionally drawn (unwanted children born to unwed mothers). Additionally, with black males representing only 6.3% of the population but responsible for nearly 40% of all homicide offenders and 50% of victims, while 64% of all abortions are sought by non-whites, legalized abortion may be the driving factor in our declining crime rates.
It’s easy to shout racism or to make pro-life arguments and it’s not my purpose to make a statement on either race or the legitimacy of abortion. Rather, it’s to point out that the evidence indicates a decline in the number of black males would doubtlessly result in lower crime rates and that legalized abortion has in fact resulted in a huge reduction in the number of black males. Clearly a reduction in the demographic committing 40% of murders and representing 50% of victims must result in a reduction in the number of murders.
There are, of course, various social and economic factors responsible by degrees for the drop in violent crime, but if one wanted a factor on which to hang ones hat, legalized abortion has likely done more for reducing crime than all other factors combined.
@”Adam”, uh….righto Piers.
Ah, the British brain at work, busy as a little beaver….
Tom
You want factual and yet you lied and said Australia has had no mass shootings since 1996.
Monash University shooting – In October 2002, Huan Yun Xiang, a student, shot his classmates and teacher, killing two and injuring five.
Not to mention even your own media says gun crime is “out of control” in your country. You have gun deaths every year despite major gun control. Sydney? How many thousands of illegal guns get confiscated every year, and how many MILLIONS of illegal guns does your government estimate are in the hands of criminals?
Glass house, handful of stones. Throw away, sparky.
Suicide rates in Australia have RISEN since the gun confiscation. They did not fall.
Only the method changed and changed to methods less likely to be ruled suicide.
In Australia a self inflicted gunshot is prima facie evidence of suicide according to Australian case law and coroners’ evidenciary requirements. Self inflicted drug overdose is not prima facie sucide, so absent a suicide note, the skyrocketing suicides by drug overdose, are ruled “accidental deaths”
Fact is more people are committing suicide by drug overdoes in Australia, creating a net increase in suicide since your gun ban
Interestingly, I have guns, and I have never done heroin, but I know what it is and I know what guns do. Given the choice, I’d take ODing on smack over shooting myself any day. It’s not surprising at all that deaths from overdose increase when suicides by gun decrease. See also: single vehicle traffic fatalities and falls from high spaces.
I wonder if hooking a hose to the tailpipe of a car is prima facie evidence of suicide
or accidental death due to hooking a snorkel to an impure air source?
Obviously it’s possible, Australia did it (a democracy with very similar pre-buyback gun laws to the US).
Adam,
No they did not; the Second Amendment is about killing the tyrants and oppressors not hunting or sport.
Precisesly, and the fundamental difference between the US and AU.
oops
Also, it’s cute that Barry thinks free Americans will follow his laws. Australians turned in their guns and bent over for the government because they’re subjects who don’t know the true definition of freedom. American values are unique, and once we start emulating petty tyrannies like Australia and the UK, we cease to become America and become just another free range for tax cattle, our entire lives at the whim of idiots in government buildings.
Also, yes, Obama stokes more fears than anyone else in the world right now. He is, literally, a domestic terrorist.
I am not too worried. Yes, Obama wants to act, but he recognizes that his ability to act without Congress is limited by the powers granted to his office through laws passed by Congress; if he acts without statutory authorization, any order he issues is subject to immediate and successful challenge. He has said before, when his gun ban was defeated, that he would do this thing. Over a year later, he has done little, and nothing of consequence. Which to me means that his is empty rhetoric because his staff has been unable to find any statute granting him the authority to do what he wants to do.
Under German law Hitler was barred from holding office. Laws are little hindrance to Messianic, Narcissistic Sociopaths
Indeed, or any way around the statues preventing him from achieving his agenda. As someone said above, Obama and his ilk study the constitution the way a thief studies locks, with an eye towards defeating them. It’s shocking that a sitting president could say such things without drawing an impeachment.
Completely, absolutely correct!!!!
There may be no mid-term elections, the Progressives sure act like it.
Its the final phase folks, yeah the ovens have yet to be built but they are shovel ready.
They got what they wanted, the progressives: A non-white president with a radically progressive agenda that he wasn’t afraid to show. It turned out of course that he’s also incompetent and inept whatever you think of his policies and that the majority (what’s his approval rating, 38%?) of the people strongly dislike his policies. The problem for the progressives is that their identities and ideology are so wrapped up in these outrageous policies and plans that even now, when it’s off paper and no longer just an ideal but a real situation that has mangled the economy, beggared the constitution, reduced our standing in the world and generally disenfranchised a majority of the people they can’t quite let go of it, can’t admit that the grand design has failed. They’re standing by to yield the senate to Republicans and if the primaries are any evidence, to conservative Republicans at that. Even so, they seem to be largely willing to double down. We’ve always said they were out of touch, now they intend to prove it in the one way they don’t lie about; they are about to give up power rather than tone it down a notch.
I reckon it’s a coming. Keep saying confiscation. That’ll cool things down a ha. No wacko wants to lose his guns. They’ll tow the line for sure..
Utterly predictable.
Liberals (especially Obama) have been desperately casting about for the last two weeks, trying to find something to take the heat off Obama for the VA medical care fiasco.
Obama thought he’d do that with the Bergdahl release. That blew up in his face, big time. Even some liberals think that Obama screwed the pooch on that one. They tried a quick diversion into some more global warming nonsense, but everyone knows that dog doesn’t hunt outside of NYC and DC.
So now he’s looking to change the subject ASAP to something else. Annnnnd, as I’ve said before, what is the one topic that a liberal can bring up to get the press back into his corner, get the press yapping about a topic where it seems that 95% of “progressives” have especially damp dreams?
Gun control. Banning and confiscating guns. Talking about “protecting children” and so on.
End result? Liberals, progressives and compliant bootlickers in the press (but I repeat myself) start have painful priapristic episodes lasting days on end. Success! The press starts talking about something else than Obama’s spectacular failures.
How to derail this most recently push?
Keep talking about Obama’s failures. Don’t let him change the subject. Remind people that Obama is trying to distract from his failures.
Amen to that.
And don’t forget that in the current MSM vernacular a “mass shooting” by a fifteen year old gang-banger “child” “gunman” can include as many as one victim.
Propaganda is truly awe-inspiring sometimes.
100% spot on.
What worked before in the post Sandy Hook mass hysteria and over-reach will work again. Contact your elected reps and let them know what you expect, in writing. Back it up in $ and time to their opponent if the dont get it. The Cantor result is proof that the grassroots tide is in favor of common-sense application of existing laws, not more executive over-reach.
2014 elections are here. TAKE BACK THE SENATE. ELECT TEA PARTY CONSERVATIVES IN THE HOUSE.
I think Obama is in the secret employ of the gun manufacturers and ammo manufacturers. It’s all a clever capitalistic plot.
Because i learned (and even saw someone note on this blog one time) that you should never believe a statistic you didn’t produce yourself, i looked at the Australia and US murder and rape rates from 1995 -2007 with my own eyes.
The article linked to by a previous commenter was accurate in its message: their murder rate decline mirrored ours while their sexual assault rate SKYROCKETED
as a husband and father to a daughter, i think i’ll pass on that outcome.
Respectfully sir, you’re an idiot. Irresponsible, connect the dots “journalism” like this is at least partly to blame for the inability of the people to do anything meaningful to protect our society from irresponsible gun owners. Any time anyone makes an attempt to pass even the most common sense legislation, such as background check requirements, instigators such as yourself spout foolishness about the government confiscating guns from law abiding citizens. You rile unbalanced and fragile minded individuals up with false conjectures and conspiracy theories that spur them to violence with delusions of grandeur. Responsible gun owners support sensible legislation that helps keep guns out of the hands of those who are not legally allowed to possess them. The mentally ill, convicted criminals and others should not be able to easily or freely obtain a dangerous weapon and responsible gun owners should have the tools to know whether they are potentially selling to these people.
@RenaeAnapau, if it weren’t for Leftists like yourself, the mentally ill and convicted criminals would be where they belong instead of prowling our streets.
OK, no talking points, please. What is your end game, be truthful, now…
“Mentally ill?” By whose standard and definition? That is a slippery slope when you have a government that has no respect for the Constitution or the will of the people and has already demonstrated a willingness to illegally detain, censor, torture or murder its own citizens. Have the Bush years taught your side nothing?
We already have background checks and they have been in place since the 90s, requiring private sales to have background checks will do nothing to prevent illegal sales to criminals or the mentally ill no matter how many restrictions or laws are put in place.
How many of the shooters over the past few years have gone through background checks from an FFL to get guns rather than go through a private sale? Thinking back, most of them. How do you propose to change the background check system to screen for mentally ill and mass shooter types?
Also, please walk us through how your supposed common sense gun laws will decrease crime and shootings. I would like to see your reasoning.
“Well just because they will. So there!” The really sad part is there are a lot of people out there in jeopardy because of illegal guns and nothing proposed by any of these anti-gunners makes a single one them any safer. The flip side is there are a lot of people who have been convinced they have been made safer by all these new laws (and are relieved) that have been swindled. Politics is a dirty business made worse by power grabs resulting in bad public policy.
Gun Free Zones, background checks, concealed carry permits, magazine capacity limits, state – level assault weapons bans – the list goes on and on. Many citizens have virtually no legal avenue to carry a defensive handgun during their daily activities. One such place is the Isla Vista / Santa Barbara area, where the sheriff refuses to approve concealed carry permits (except for the wealthy and politically connected, of course). Another is Washington DC. It is laughable that so many liberal progressives truly believe that there are no gun laws in the US.
If you were to bother to check, you would find an inverse relationship between the severity of gun laws and the existence of gun violence. That means that inner city areas like Chicago and Washington DC have high murder rates despite their strict gun laws. A host of small cities and free states have considerable gun freedom. The murder rates are not off the chart.
Were you to bother to look, you would also find that more than 90% of mass shooting incidents of the past 20 years have occurred in Gun Free Zones. Guns are 100% banned for civilians in most schools, colleges and military bases. That fact creates a target rich environment for psychos such as Lanza, Holmes, Hasan, etc.
But something tells me that you’ve already drank the Kool-aid, and will happily vote for less freedom, more laws, and higher taxes.
I’ve proposed banning Leftists from owning guns (seeing as they’re responsible for the vast majority of spree shootings and Leftist dominated cities produce over 90 percent of the country’s violence), which should cut the country’s violence by about 93 percent. You on board for that? If not, why? Why do you want to see more children die? Why can’t you be responsible and just do something?
And why bother punishing me for violence that is almost exclusively the arena of YOUR ilk?
What I really meant by my statement here:
‘Responsible gun owners support sensible legislation that helps keep guns out of the hands of those who are not legally allowed to possess them.’
Is that according to the Bill of Rights (the unalienable rights) everyone is legally allowed to own a gun. So responsible gun owners support sensible legislation of gun control: NONE.
We like facts and aren’t much into opinions when it comes to regulation. How about providing some facts regarding how gun control has reduced crime. The evidence demonstrates falling crime rates with increased access to guns in every place for which there is data. In fact, every national study of the issue found either decreased crime with relaxed gun laws or no change in crime rates with less gun control. If you could cite something, really anything that supports your argument I’ll listen. Frankly though I don’t think you can find any facts or evidence for your position because I don’t believe any such exist.
It may not be intuitive for some (though for others it’s rather obvious), but gun control has not ever been linked to crime reduction. It’s not just something to consider, its the second most important thing to consider, right behind the ‘shall not be infringed’ natural and constitutionally protected rights thing.
@RenaeAnapau
Actually most NON gun owners do not want any more gun laws.
Gallup May 2014 shows 29% and FALLING of Americans want more gun laws and the remainder want less gun control or the same.
So you are factually wrong
You know we already have background checks, right? I went through one for every gun I own. Making something that is already illegal (e.g. possession of a firearm by a prohibited person) more illegaler isn’t going to do a whole lot, y’know? That’s like reacting to people breaking the 55 mph speed limit by lowering it to 45. Yes, private sales occur at gun shows (the dreaded “loophole”), but they occur anywhere else two private citizens have the right to be, as well. You’ll also notice that’s effectively a non-factor in this discussion. Look at the last several “mass shootings” for evidence. (I put that in quotes because the definition of that term seems to get murkier every day.) Most if not all the guns used in the last several incidents have either been legally purchased at retail with a background check, or they’ve been stolen. There’s already laws against the second one of those, and the first one is, well, legal.
I really don’t expect a response to this, since commenters like you are usually one-and-done around here.
Funny he raised minimum wage for federal employes but not everyone else.
The minimum wage should be adjusted for inflation.
Minimum wage in the United States shouldn’t even exist but that’s another topic all together.
Why not? Just curious. Shouldn’t there be some checks in place to prevent job providers from abusing you? Not everyone has the opportunity to just switch jobs.
Feeling really mellow and relaxed now, been probably listening to too much Musetta.
It’s simple. First, our government wasn’t created with that privilege enumerated and a proper amendment has not been made to grant it. If business owners want to band together and agree on a minimum wage they are free to do so as it is their business and their property. However, government doesn’t have constitutional authority to demand it happen. Second, it’s immoral under our founding principles for government to demand it. The first is the strongest argument against and the second is my personal opinion.
What you are saying works great – in theory, not in practice. Just like communism, letting either beast win that tug of war ends badly. Whether through too much or too little government intervention.
I believe the appropriate way to prevent an employer from abusing you in a free market is to not work for the abusive party. Why take a job that pays less than you consider fair for the work? Why should some outside entity prevent you from taking a job for pay you consider fair (you wouldn’t take a job without fair compensation would you)? Why should the government be involved in wage negotiations between a private person and a private employer, and from where does it derive this authority?
John is right, there shouldn’t be a minimum wage, there should be a ‘prevailing wage’. Just don’t do work for less than you think it’s worth. It’s an individual problem with an individual solution.
You never considered there isn’t other opportunities for some? What if the only place you can work abuses you, but it pays more than being on the street?
Don’t be so naive. Life isn’t as simple as you think.
@lolinski: Again, it is against the supreme law of the land here; aka unconstitutional for the federal government to set a national minimum wage. That is reality. When our government does this, it operates outside of its authority. It really is that simple.
@lolinski: You’re arguing in favor of overthrowing our constitutional government through unconstitutional laws. This has already been happening here and it is a death of a thousand cuts to our republic. If our government is not restored to its constitutional operation, it will eventually cease to be our government and become something else entirely just as if an enemy occupied the country and overthrew it.
The Constitution created and defines our government. It is crystal clear that government acting beyond enumerated powers is illegitimate.
@lolinski: I’m not intending to appear rude with this comment (really, any of these comments as I like many of your posts)…
The United States of America represented something unique in the world. No other nation accomplished before that which we did nor really any since. So, you don’t think it’s realistic or whatever… that’s great maybe for your country but not acceptable here. Our government must obey the Constitution or it must one day be abolished and replaced. That is very American; by Americans, for Americans.
Right on.
He did not raise the minimum wage for federal workers. No federal worker makes anywhere near the minimum wage. He raised it for federal contractors. It was empty gesture since most federal contractors make far in excess of the minimum wage. He had the legal authority to do this because the executive branch rights the RFPs and specify wage rates. He has no legal authority to issue a confiscation order for guns.
The problem with raising minimum wage for everybody is that it is a direct cause of inflation. Think about it. If McDonald’s has to pay all of its employees an extra, let’s say, $0.50 an hour, to all of its non management employees, the company will have to do something to afford that pay. That means they will most likely lay off employees, cut hours, or raise prices of products in order to afford to pay the extra money. And every company that hires unskilled labor, like fast food or customer service, will have to do this. It becomes a domino effect, causing prices of EVERYTHING to rise. And what happens next? Another increase in minimum wage, because the people who are on minimum wage can’t afford things again. Economic death spiral.
Precisely Nick, it’s a recipe for spiraling inflation that benefits no one. Try explaining that to people who think socialized industry and centralized control are an effective means of economic management. If one can’t see the glaring fallacy of the latter, what are the odds you can explain the former?
People like that, you don’t explain things to them, you tell them what to do. It’s a lot easier once you realize you are talking to somebody who is incapable of independent thought.
…I worked with the PX/BX System…for over two decades…teaching people how to manage businesses on military installations…McDonald’s and Burger King have already announced they will have to pull their operations from Navy and Army/Air Force Installations as the increase in the average hourly wage is projected at $6.66 per man-hour…that is a big chunk of profit to take out of an owner/operator’s pocket…
…short sighted, political decisions…what a traitor…
RJ O’Guillory
Author-
Webster Groves – The Life of an Insane Family
Our levels of gun violence are off the charts. There’s no advanced, developed country that would put up with this.
Didn’t one of our newly arrived trolls just write this or something strikingly similar the other day in comments? ROTFL! So, is Barry just a troll in a suit these days?
Hey Renee, what part of any of the infringements on my rights that you propose will actually do anything to lower “gun violence”? And since when are you the arbiter of what is common sense and what is not? Ask yourself this, how many of your fellow Americans are you willing to see killed to force your common sense crap on a free people that want no part of it? If you want to fix gun violence, carry your stupid progressive ass to Chicago(or any democrat run hell hole of a city for that matter) and broker a peace agreement between the warring gang factions. Invite them to turn in their illegally obtained weapons, or “register” them. And assuming you survive, after you heal, maybe you will have a whole new respect for those of us that take our defense of home and family seriously. Grow up, get a clue. Every single thing you shovel out as “common sense” is wasted effort on the 100 MILLION plus law abiding gun owners. So use some common sense and go attack the criminals, and stop trying to make me one. Fool.
*stands up and applauds*
I don’t think Obama can or will do anything serious, particularly to us mainstream Citizen gun owners, He may use the newly revived “Domestic Terrorist Task Force” to go after the lowest hanging fruit, like the two moron Las Vegas, NV Police and Armed Citizen killers. You may see a few Waco, TX and Ruby Ridge repeats where the Feds identify suspects that may have “illegal weapons”, or have created some “probable cause” that can be declared a “Domestic Terrorism Threat”. The Feds will use these “suspects” to test the waters, believing they can pick-off a few extremists and the Public won’t react negatively.
At worst he may attempt another AWB on imported Arms and a ban on imported Russian-made ammunition, just to screw with us mainstream gun owners and Vladimir Putin.
He only wants to make it look like he’s “doing something”, but I think he is becoming aware that the majority of Americans are so angry and disgusted with his inept Presidency and Washington D.C.’s corrupt inertia that he dare not go too far before the November 2014 elections. He’s probably too late to save the Democrat’s hold on the Senate, but not stupid enough to make it worse. Well, he might be getting kind of desperate and that tends to amplify stupid…
I just read every post here.
You all have already forgotten how well a little civil disobedience works??
Look at Connecticut and New York.
Pass a law saying turn in your guns.and the people say screw you.
1.5 million still have them.
An insignificant number registered them or sold them.
Most just kept them and became paper felons.
Nothing wrong in disobeying an unlawful order in my book.
What are they going to do about it?? NOTHING.
Im not giving up my guns to anyone for any reason.
Zero can say what he wants…………Im not listening.
Those “paper felons” are in danger of being arrested. Even if it doesn’t happen, it’s a threat. Maybe someone you piss off calls the hotline and you turn into an example. It’s a threat no one should have to live under.
Spot on.
And Renee, let me add one more thing. I do not need to notify the government (see background check) to sell my personal property. As long as I abide byFederal law and the laws of my state, it is my business. Background checks are nothing more than back door registration. No thanks. Now pack your bags and head off to Chicago…
What was often not discussed in the Australian experience post Port Arthur was the role of tightening up the license requirements. In forcing people to have a valid reason to own firearms, ie: club membership with minimum attendances, hunter, or farmer, a lot of the undesirables were forced out of the sport. But the hunting requirements were too strict limiting the shooter to properties where they had express written permission and this had the effect of allowing feral animal numbers to grow unchecked.
If anything, tightening the license requirements had more of a positive effect than the much lauded gun buy backs.
The states had to follow the lead of the federal government under threat of not receiving their share of federal tax revenues. Perhaps that is the example Obama wishes to follow.
Your honesty is refreshing! However, you left out one salient point: The ‘valid reasons’ accepted by the police (who are, of course, ‘government’) does NOT include the obviously-valid reason of ‘self-defense.’ No government should have the power to deny an honest citizen the means of defending himself on an equal footing from those who would take his life, or that of his loved ones. If criminals can still possess firearms, because no one is capable of taking them from them, the citizen should also possess them.
I’m not sure if I like the word ‘undesirable’ in this context. The implication is that ‘some people’ should be denied self-defense, for example, if they are ‘undesirable’. What is the standard for citizenship, and who is to make it the standard? Our Federal gun laws are, actually, quite clear: One may not possess a firearm if they are–
•Under indictment or information in any court for a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year;
•convicted of a crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year;
•who is a fugitive from justice;
•who is an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substance;
•who has been adjudicated as a mental defective or has been committed to any mental institution;
•who is an illegal alien;
•who has been discharged from the military under dishonorable conditions;
•who has renounced his or her United States citizenship;
•who is subject to a court order restraining the person from harassing, stalking, or threatening an intimate partner or child of the intimate partner; or
•who has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence (enacted by the Omnibus Consolidated Appropriations Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 104-208, effective September 30, 1996). 18 USC 922(g) and (n).
Plus, certain people below 21 and 18 may not purchase certain firearms.
So, what is ‘undesirable’? Poor? Black? Aborigine? A little smelly? ‘Not our class’?
Sigh… Atleast I just got some .22lr today. Maybe the gun store’ll still have some .45acp next week.
Adam,
The unemployment rate in Australia peaked in 1996 at 11% and has been on a decline ever since until very recently. It is likely the reduction in suicide ( and initially crime) was the result of something other than guns or lack of them. As regards mass murder it has continued in Australia via other means, namely fire. Finally, Australia is much more sparsely populated than the US. I expect if you look at murder based on population density the comparison will look different. Finally, I hear quite often that the US is the highest violent crime of our peers. If you look at violent crime vs income disparity you will find the US falls right in line with the rest of the world. Frankly if you look at income disparity by region in the US it will track violent crime as well.
I wonder why Odumbo didn’t mention that immediately after Australia banned private ownership of firearms, crime there in every category skyrocketed and is still considerably higher than before the ban. He’s the worst thing that ever happened to America and obviously has tyranny in mind. He hates America, our military past and present and also hates the Constitution and any implication that we are in fact free people not under government control. Democrats and liberals will be the death of America if people don’t step up and vote them out.
This man has already abused the privilege of his office by enacting his own agenda and bypassing Congress. Why should he stop now? We may possibly have seen irrevocable harm done to the balance of power between the three branches of our government. If we are lucky it won’t take long to fix, unless the next president, whatever party he belongs to, follows this trend and continues the path towards dictatorship.
Has anyone else noticed that as politicians start squawking about gun control over the last couple weeks that there has been a shooting almost everyday? Coincidence? I think not.
There are shootings whether they’re talking about gun control or not. Some of those shootings just happen to involve people of a certain skin tone more amiable to the evening news, that’s all.
This. There are about 30 people shot every day in this country. That’s down from its high in the 1990s. What that means is that “gun violence” could suddenly drop 90% and the media could still, if they were so inclined, publish three stories every day about “gun violence”.
I remember a few months ago we had such a lull that hoaxes, false alarms, and BB gun sightings were making the national news.
Interesting at best…Dayton Ohio to the best of my knowledge has never made national news for gun violence nor gun related crimes…..Yet since the 1970’s average shootings per year 27, legal gun owners 1, un-reported gun violence, a ton. I70 and I75 intersect here….guns and drugs ran for the mafia, for drug cartels and other organized crime has been and will continue here regardless of gun control laws…Criminals don’t care about law(hence criminals). The amount of gun violence has not changed, the fact that individuals can now get notoriety with in minutes has. You want to stop or reduce it at the very least, if it happens again, don’t publish it. If the shooter lives, young or old, dispose of him/her quietly. It is the mental illness of fame that causes so many of these. Dead or alive they are famous when they shoot a school up…do not give them the satisfaction
Didn’t Australia’s violent crime rate rise like 200% when they took away there guns? I will be so glad when this clown is out of office.
We beat back one oppressor on this soil, we can do it again. I believe Ben Franklin said, we’ve given you a republic, now lets see if you can keep it.
You people want to know what’s going to happen at some point in the future? I’m speculating of course but I’ll bet this occurs and when it does all Hell will break loose!! People will forget about Sandy Hook, Columbine, Aurora, etc. and absolutely go insane: There’s going to be a BIG shooting that’s racially motivated. Presumably white killers murdering black victims. Perhaps vice versa but I’d guess it breaks that way. Imagine a couple of skin heads just shoot the crap out of some African American enclave (school, neighborhood, night club, whatever)…….I mean they just slaughter about 30-50 people simply do to the color of their skin…….America will EXPLODE!!
Boobama was a member of the American Communist Party in the 1990’s , this mindset just doesn’t go away , most of his Czars are of the same mindset , they want a Stalinist regime in place over this nation , a lot of the leftist cronies in the House and the Senate are right with them . Right out of the Communist Playbook , you have to disarm the public so you can initiate your political agendas with out any confrontation . What these folks don’t understand is that we as a nation are a more independent thinking group than they want to believe , we will not just give up without a fight , it is in our genes like it always has been since the 1st Revolution , things are not as they should be in this nation , we are kept at turmoil by rants from the government about how we should be like this or that and should be more politically correct , which I see as the government really saying that we should just roll over and let them along with special interest groups do what they want without us putting our foot down and say enough , Christian religion has been labeled as “right wing terrorism” , also other activities that used to be the norm in this country are being called “right wing extremism” , this is being done by the Federal government that is supposed to be for the people not against the people , also the people are by the Constitution the Federal governments boss not the folks we send to represent us or the president as a dictator . Things have gotten way out of the people’s control , and our bill of rights gives us the same power to change things now as our Fore Fathers did when he Bill of Rights was first written , as I see things now there is no way to effect this change by non-violent means , we can still try but it will do no good . Can’t ya’ll feel the tension and rage in the air , do ya’ll sometimes over hear folks talking about how things are getting worse , do ya’ll se the outspokenness online at a lot of web sites about how people are concerned about what is happening to our rights everyday , do ya’ll see how the president says he can kill US citizens when he wants , this is not the nation I grew up in , this is a nation that is trying to instill its rule on its people , by whatever means it deems necessary . Maybe we can stop the inevitable without violence but I am not going to place a wager of my family , cash or belongings on it . Be prepared and ready . Keep your powder dry .
It is interesting he mentioned Australia.
Since the gun ban gun suicides went down but other methods of death commonly suicide increased more than the drop in gun suicide.
Overall drug overdose death, most of which is suicide but nor ruled such absent a suicide note, has increased by 320% in Australia since the gun confiscation.
Also taking the same starting point of 1990, Australia has seen less of a drop in crime violent crime than the US has. Australian gun ownership dropped, and US gun ownership increased, yet the US saw a drop of 50% in violent crime and murder and Australia saw under a 30% drop in that same period
Finally Australia estimates bout 30% of its murders are gang or crime related victims. In the US that is 90% of victims.
Meaning in Australia, non criminals, are MORE at risk of being murdered today than in the US
I’m starting to think obama is actually a conservative and the most brilliant political hoax in history has brought him to power. Seriously, let’s look at the facts. 1) he’s sold more firearms than the last 4 president combined. 2). Each year of his presidency has actually seen a decrease in gun laws. 3) He’s 5 years past his deadline to close Gitmo. 4) He yanked the rug out from Hilliary Clinton when it seemed certain she would be president. 5) As of yesterday he has the blue dog democrats shaking in their boots with his comments about Australia’s gun ban (this ensures the republicans regain the senate in November). 6) he’s threatened all these executive orders but done diddly-squat! I’m not joking. The guy is a Neo Con. The conservatives pulled off the greatest trick in American political history by getting him into the White House and the libs never suspected a thing. All they saw was that he was black and they took the bait hook, line, and sinker! This is genius!! Even the raid on the Bundy ranch was called off because he made the call. He’s really a conservative and Pelosi, Reid, & Fienstein are just now realizing the magnitude of their blunder. All they saw was his skin color and believed everything he told them! I don’t know if Carl Rove dreamed this up or who did but it’s friggin’ brilliant.
LOL, you make a fairly convincing argument! If it’s true though, he’s the best actor in the history of the art.
Also, he’s done potentially irreparable harm to the constitution, separation of powers, the office of the president, the standing of the US in the world, and the economy. If he were actually a conservative plant, all things considered I’d call him an abysmal failure, which is funny, since the assessment is the same with him as a liberal pol.
The Koch Bros Manchurian Candidate…brilliant counter agitprop!
Pass this meme along, to help increase the rate of self-exploding heads under the tin foil hats at DU and Kos…
I noticed he could not say the word criminal…
No president has ANY SUCH AUTHORITY.
To all the fools who imagine they can disarm Americans by coming up with a good enough reason or scheme. YOU WASTE YOUR TIME. There IS NO REASON OR SCHEME we will accept. EVER! If you truly want to help STOP this carnage then STOP pumping psycotropic drugs into mental patients and citizens. All of these NUTS have a history of their use by PRESCRIPTION. Also many MORE accidents are prevented by firearms safety instruction than by The promotion of firearms IGNORANCE. When a child comes across a firearm their curosity can get someone shot or worse. These are completely predictable and PREVENTABLE tradgedies. Ignorance promotion WILL NEVER HELP.
I can’t believe that the founding fathers were so foolish as to make it so that the president couldn’t simply overrule congress. It’s almost like they didn’t want one man holding all the power in the nation, with no checks or balances!
The fools! They obvious didn’t think of the children. 😉
An executive order for confiscation or anything that results in confiscation of a RIGHT is a CRIMINAL ACT.
Think that you can find a Supreme Court ruling that supports your position?
@Obama
“we’re not seeing that again, and basically imposed very severe, tough gun laws, and they haven’t had a mass shooting since.”
Hmm… Mass shootings in Australia and New Zealand: A descriptive study of incidence:
I will give you one scenario for confiscation that may be legal and constitutional. He could use the militia clause against us. As Commander in Chief of both the regular forces, the organized and unorganized militia he could order a census of weapons held by the militia for “logistical” reasons and then once he has done that order that all weapons be sent to armories. The would still be our property and withdrawn for “legitimate” reasons to defined by the Secretary of Defense.
You actually have a good point there.
Something else to consider is that orders evidently exist (if you can believe some of these forums) to take draconian actions in the event of a national emergency. If crazies keep shooting up schools many would agree that is indeed a national emergency. Likewise, if the nation has an act of terror from some of the home grown militia groups then he could legitimately lock down the nation.
I am sure that the resident right wingers will get on their soap box about the evils of a librul President but Dubya Bush has stated that Cheney was suggesting that the Feds should seize control of Louisiana following Katrina using some sort of old act (I want to say a Sedition Act but I am not sure that is quite correct). Bush claims that he gave this some thought but decided that he’d have a revolution on his hands if he did that so he backed down.
Using school shootings as a pretext for calling a national emergency and enacting martial law simply sets the stage for an armed revolution. There are tripwires that must no be crossed, this would be one of them.
Bush claims that he gave this some thought but decided that he’d have a revolution on his hands if he did that so he backed down.
So, by that account an armed population was a deterrent to tyranny. 😉
A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
Hmm… Amazing how insightful that little text is there.
Given that there is no legitimate law or pretext under which this could be done and since housing arms in a central armory negates the right to ‘keep’ arms, this would simply be the touch point in an armed revolution.
I don’t believe that he could legitimately do that with the unorganized militia. They are all volunteer so they could rightly refuse and simply fall back on shall not be infringed.
The right to keep and bear arms implies something rather more than the right to hold title to weapons to which one does not actually have access.
It is most unfortunate that this nation elected and reelected the most anti-American person as President. His distaste for individual liberty is disgusting. His blatant attempts to dismantle and rewrite the US Constitution to fit his own twisted views, ignored by the so-called media, is alarming, at best. Does anyone still believe that his ultimate goal, with respect to the 2A, is elimination?
He taught constitutional law. I have yet to see any of his critics be able to make that claim.
To say that the media ignores him isn’t correct. Faux News and the various right wing propaganda forms of media dog him constantly.
He did get elected and re-elected. Presidents McCain and Romney can’t make that claim. Dubya Bush isn’t even invited to Republican fund raisers. So President Obama may be the leper with the most fingers but unless the GOP can find someone better than Cruz my suspicions are that if President Obama did run for a third term he’d get re-elected.
First of all, the constitution was written so that every layman could understand it. It is in fact very easy to understand, even in today’s dumbed down culture.
Secondly, the fact that he taught constitutional law means that he would know how to dismantle the constitution in an efficient manner. That is what he is doing. He knows what he is doing. He’s not an idiot; he’s just a tyrant.
And you would happily vote for him again because you’re awesome.
“He taught constitutional law. I have yet to see any of his critics be able to make that claim.”
During the presidential campaign, Obama consistently and falsely claimed that he was a constitutional.
As a “constitutional law instructor,” Obama has been quoted as saying that the Constitution of the United States is a flawed document.
Jim O’Neill noticed that in his State of the Union address, our constitutional scholar stated that “We find unity in our incredible diversity, drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution: the notion that we are all created equal….”
There’s a problem here, however. It turns out that “the notion that we are all created equal” is not “enshrined in our Constitution” — it’s from the Declaration of Independence.
This mistaken attribution is an understandable faux pas for your average person, but Obama’s supposed to be a Harvard-trained constitutional lawyer. It doesn’t say much for Harvard Law School, or Obama’s grasp of the Constitution, when he confuses the U.S. Constitution with the Declaration of Independence.
Straight from University of Chicago:.
There’s a lot of information about Barry’s time at the University of Chicago Law School and much more throughout the site at.
The United States Library of Congress has selected TheObamaFile.com for inclusion in its historic collection of Internet materials.
There are documents stored there that I can’t find anywhere else because they’ve mostly been scrubbed from everywhere. Beckwith is a true patriot.
Thank you John. 50% or more of the value proposition here at TTAG is the deep experience and expertise of the community, on all aspects of gun culture, most especially constitutional discussions of 2A rights, and this reference to POTUS misappropriated expertise in same, proven by FACTS is just another example of why I come here to get The Truth About Guns.
There are 300 million legally owned guns in this country. There is no telling how many illegal guns. We have about that many people living in this country. Our entire military stationed here, and abroad is under 2.5 million even with reserves. 90% of those are conservatives/patriots, and would never follow such knee jerk orders against the constitution. The only prayer Washington has in changing gun laws, is by doing it one little move at a time, like cheating at chess when we are distracted with something else.
JC762 You are a coward as well as a liar. Real Americans will not roll over if confiscation were to start, this country would go up in flames. People like you are the main cause of the problems in this country. The one thing that is for sure, 50 million legal gun owners will not be dismissed so easily.
What if he people try to impeach him and something happens is there anyway that he can get out of that?
If he didn’t do anything huge after Newtown, he probably won’t now. Nonetheless, keep your powder dry.
To the many comments about the”sweet spot” and about background checks. I am from Texas where most people joke about everyone having guns. And about the very lenient gun laws. I have bought 23 firearms since I was 18. I am going on 35. And guess what? Background checks on every one of them. You see when gun dealer or pawnshop owner takes your drivers license and makes his phone call he is contacting someone with access to NCIC. As long as you have no criminal background then you can walk out with your new gun in a few minutes. Sometimes i have heard people had to wait up to 3 days due to a glitch in system or a holiday. Point is there are background checks. Now are they full blown bend over and grab your ankles FBI or DHS checks. No and nor should they be. And to the Australian saying along with background checks we need special licenses. Guess what? Texas requires that too. It’s called a concealed handgun license.
When are they going to realize that kids are killings kids and there needs to be some kind of help for these kids. They just don’t run across a gun and decide to shoot everybody, there’s mental issues here. Obama and other anti-gun people are jumping on this to get rid of guns. Obama is using this to steer the attention away from his most recent mistakes. If we don’t impeach this idiot, we will end up with riots in the street which I think they want. Then they can blame it all on racism. I have to wonder why federal law enforcement is stockpiling weapons, armor and ammo.
Dear Mr. President,
Congratulations. You just handed the Senate to the Republicans. Did you not pay attention to what the Big Dog said about 1994?
No love,
Me
Interesting comment about how we as a country would not allow a simple rigorous background check so as someone can not just walk into a store and buy a gun, a semi-automatic weapon….excuse me you babbling moron, last time I purchased a firearm, I did go thru a federal mandated background check, and have for the past 15 years so QUIT LYING to the American public. At the risk of alerting the authorities, you Mr President are a disgrace to your post, a liar, a socialist, a non patriot, and your ideas and attempts are beginning to rival such dictators and aggressors as Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin and dare I say Attila the Hun. You should be removed from power as should a majority of our government officials and by what ever means. A revolution is not the answer, but is coming.
I hate when people are ignorant about a topic but still want to speak on it as if they are knowledgeable. WE ALREADY HAVE BACKGROUND CHECKS! Why doesn’t he acknowledge the fact that a person that is truly motivated to harm others will find alternative means to do so. Weather it be a car, sword, knife, hammer, etc. What about the fact that half the people that died that day were killed with an edged weapon. I’m growing weary of this constant bombardment of B.S..
Here’s the thing that 100% of the leftists, the MFM, the president, and I’d guess approx 30% of gun owners don’t want to talk about…..
…the effect of the US shifting from Judeo-Christianity to secularism in a heterogeneous country.
I’d wager that the besides being male, the most common (and relevant) denominator of the mass killers is that they were unlikely to be regular church goers who believed that they would be judged by an ultimate power.
The Left tells people that either “God is dead” or “You are your own God”.
The Left preaches that everybody can have their own moral compass but as Prager says “those are compasses with no markings on them” or certainly not with any standard markings on them…so therefore chaos and ugly narcissism.
@doesky2, well said sir.
oh you must be one of those guys that thinks that only christians can have morals, and non-christians can’t possibly have morals without a belief in being punished in the afterlife, therefore they must be OK with doing all sorts of awful things.
surely, christians have never done anything awful based on a warped sense of morality – perhaps even under the belief that they will be rewarded in the afterlife for their awful acts.
you’re adorable.
STRAWMAN. THREAD HIJACK. lets all go off on a tangent with jeff.
What is it jeff? Whats the hook? AtheisM? Muslims.? Jooooossss?
Doncha know we are diverse here at TTAG?
yeah, uhh, no strawman here. just addressing the point that the commenter slyly put across. sorry that you didn’t notice it.
I will keep this simple, come and get them!
Count me in on the fight. (for our rights).
What this guy doesn’t realize is that the 640,000 estimated firearms confiscated in Australia is a fraction of what there is in the United States. What this guy also does not realize is Americans will not roll over and play blind sheeple like they did in Australia. I am even betting there would be some Australians head on over here to help us defend our rights.
Look, Mr. President, You are making a grave mistake. Its not the guns that are the issue. Its criminals and stupid people. There are more deaths by stabbing than by guns, and yet you do not implement that fact. This will be one of the biggest mistakes you have made yet.
What the hell is he talking about I had to get a background check for all my guns
Although the following I wrote yesterday, as a reply to some older post from TTAG(from 2013), it worries me the is valid today, on slightly different problems, but the same problem at the core of it.
@D.G. Cornelius, excellent post sir!
Hear, hear!
So many of us from different backgrounds, from different countries, even living in different generations come to similar conclusions without talking points fed to us or really any government propaganda. The truth is indeed universal. One of the questions that sometimes haunts me; is the truth of Liberty spreading faster than the lie of socialism or are we merely crying out from the wilderness? I hope for former as the latter spells doom for a free mankind.
Thank you. It’s a collection of my own thoughts and considerations, of the things I’ve seen and see everyday. For me, living in this basically socialist Europe, no bed time stories work for me. I live in socialism. The social state is all over here. I know it’s a poison for the human spirit and no good can ever came out of it.
For me, no socialists bed time stories work. I know it beyond the stories. I know it as it actually is. And it’s a grand pile of venom, the coma of reason, no more, no less.
In the moment that people relinquish the power over themselves, over their own selves, they are doomed.
Wanna see evidences of that? Look at any European country, look at Russia, look at Germany, look at any EU country. That is what a paternal kind of state does, in the end.
There is a certain recurrent path: democracy/social-democracy/socialism/national-socialism/comunism/a world divided in “rulers” and “commoners”. Then, it’s “Welcome to the Middle Ages!”
And when I see advocates of socialism, I get sad. They have no idea what they are preaching. What they think is salvation, is in fact the darkest damnation of the human spirit. Nations that are forever dependent on what is given or made to/for them.
You, socialist fans, remember this: A state that gives you literally everything, is a state that can take from you literally everything. Only a mad man would want such a state. Don’t fall into the trap of favors and appealing “progressive” and “social” measures. All those have a price: your freedom as individuals.
A social state will give you fish, then ban your fishing rod, then it will give you the same fish for the highest price imaginable: your right to self determination.
Yes, capitalism might be tough. But the socialism in annihilating.
Thank you DG. More please.
I agree with your concern. In 2007 I remember debating with a devotedly liberal relative, and pointing out we already had the proof of the failed socialist experiment in the EU and nationalised healthcare in the NHS in the UK. Yet, here we are, and sinking even faster, thanks to corrptocrats in the Democratic Party, mainly, and a lack of principle in the GOP. It appears the Progressives will stop at nothing to achieve power, and the Ble Dog Dems remind me of the old Bolsheviks, who realized they’d created a monster in Uncle Joe, but were powerless to stop it, and those who protested found themselves in the gulags, too, next to returning army officers in trains that went straight from the front, to Siberia, and kulaks by the millions starved out by “you didnt build that here” thinking and EPA executive orders nergy sector executive action.
The real question in my mind is, how hard a bottom do we have to hit, with 50% or more low info and govt dependency voters, who are in our national denial, like a drunk who cant sober up. The lessons of history are not encouraging. Feels like Rome, receding from the Huns time…
Regarding gulags: my grandfather was a “guest” there. Long tour, all inclusive, courtesy of Stalin, for about 11 years. One of the few survivors (precisely 7) out of a Siberian POW camp that started with 11,000 POW’s. Then he was happy he was freed, so he came home. Meanwhile, country was invaded by USSR, and communism was “blooming”. He almost got in jail, again, since he was a convicted enemy of our new “best friend” USSR.
Regarding your question about “how low should…”. Taking my own experience into account, I cannot say for sure. Europe and the social state are into an abyss since forever, together with entire nations. They still haven’t reached rock bottom. They are swirling, and swirling, and swirling…I recon that is how hell could look like: not much, but it never ends.
Socialism is a drug. Once taken by the masses, they will ask for more and more. I recon that the only way, in the end, is to draw a line (hopefully no socialist would sniff it in the mean time), and separate things in those who are and those who are not. From the history of here, living inside a social state with the hope that it will not get that socialist, that it will not infect everything and that one can preserve an alternative way if so wishes to do, it is just an unreasonably optimistic hope and wishful thinking.
And people called the NRA crazy for predicting this was his goal all along…why do they want universal background checks when they will accomplish nothing? It’s because they want a list of who owns what for when they come for it.
Anyone coming to collect arms is in violation of the Constitution and is therefore an enemy of the state…they break their oath to the Constitution they are then like any common thug coming to rob you of property.
God helps us if it comes to that…
People –
If I wanted to live in Australia, I would emigrate there.
If I wanted to live in England, I would emigrate there.
If I wanted to live in Canada, I would emigrate there.
The elections are coming.
Can I have America back?
I want to live there.
When a state, any state, insures for itself the monopoly over violence, over life and death, one can bet that that monopoly is not there just as a nice Christmas decoration. Is there to be used, is there to be abused.
Nonetheless, the paradox of democracy is that people can vote the end of it. They can freely vote to relinquish any power over their own selves. And that is something to really worry about.
If you look at Australia’s record on mass-shootings, they occurred during times of high unemployment. Since their conditions have improved, the shooting rate has gone down. Has Owebama tried this kind of solution? With the poor economy that we are experiencing now, and home foreclosures etc. it just might help if he was to keep his campaign promises and then see if our frequency of gun violence diminishes! That could be a “change” we could benefit from.
Let me say it this way:
Some of the men are rapist. Is that a reason enough to amputate every man’s sexual organs?
Some of the women are unfit mothers. Is that reason enough to refuse motherhood to all women?
My examples might seem awkward, but they are based on the same logic as the gun ban policy.
I’ve always felt that proper ‘Gun Control’ means that I have a gun, but that you (everyone else) does not. I therefore believe that your idea of amputating the potential weapons of all incipient rapists (that’s all of YOU, not me) would fall right in line with my thinking on the subject.
Selfish, I know, but it’s for the children./sarc
And since children are known to be potential hazardous for themselves, I suggest we take it even further: let’s ban children. They are a real and permanent danger to their children selves. That should make world a safer place for all windows that might have an intimate contact with some erratic ball. Those damn’ balls are known to be associated with an already established category of villains, namely children, which are the greatest threat to their children selves.
See, I’ve got to a somehow round enough argument! Now we can play soccer with it and be a menace to society! :))))
Some men might get penile cancer when they are old men (over 60+) so we need to cut the foreskins off of all male babies.
Some people might be irresponsible pet owners so we need to ban “large-headed dog” ownership for all people.
Same idea.
And since life is the main cause of death, I suggest that we get past the details, and ban life. That should solve everything. :)))))
Best of luck implementing such a law in Montana and the surrounding states! A Australian type law my somewhat fly in the Left Coast states but never here in the “extreme” West where firearms are a part of daily life. I am a LEO and I can see the day coming where I am forced to lay down my badge and become a criminal in the eyes of the “state”. So be it.
III% We are EVERYWHERE!
Yeah, it would never fly in Wyoming either.
It’s not flying too well in CT, NY, NJ, MA and MD either.
Didn’t work out so well in Colorado, either. We have northern counties in CA talking succession, and push back by rural Sheriffs all over the country. Doubt a confiscation scheme, even under some bogus martial law, would be honored anywhere but a few urban centers, like NY, DC, San Fran, and Chicago, and the corresponding chaos after, would be fittingly Darwinian, for Dem and Progtards.
No reason to get sucked into the hysteriua self initiated by gun-grabbers. That just plays into Holders thought crime initiative, Schumers abuse of the IRS, and Dirty Harry Reids attack on free press via FCC regulation of talk radio, abd DiFis increasingly batty statements on AWBs and deciding who is a journalist.
When you see CIA stabbing her staffs back, FBI backpedaling, and 90% of real cops on the ground expressing pro 2A views, and III oath type language, you know we are getting close to full Progtard meltdown.
Even if you could order a FEMA type takeover of the whole US, remember, the National Guards learned their lesson, and while the 10% of Obama hires are shopping in Walmart, I doubt this crop of Iraq and Afghan trained vets will be following orders to disarm defenseless grannies, even if the could deploy every where at once.
Nope. A81 or someone said it best. Never interrupt a liberal in the process of committing a fatal political mistake….who’s got the popcorn?
P.S. hows the Connecticutt Confiscation or the NY SAFE Act working out so far…
(crickets….)
“I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”
. . . as I understand it.”
I’m following TTAG from some time, and I wonder, since I haven’t seen it brought up anywhere(could be my mistake, since “some time” is not “since the beginning of time” or “all the time”) a simple and measurable aspect than even the socialist brains might be able to understand: money.
Otherwise said, how much, overall, in $, is the firearms industry and related business, on vertical and horizontal, in US? How much money, how many jobs, how much in export, taxes and revenue?
Does the “anti’s” have a plan how to solve the lack of those money? What solutions they have for subsequent unemployment? How would they be able to fund their social favors and “great care for the people” with a “slimmer” budget and a few buckets more of social issues?
As far as I know, unemployment in US is somewhere around 6%. Quite a normal percentage for a free market economy, I would say. What solution the socialist have if it triples overnight, and the budget is significantly diminished?
To socialists & anti’s: don’t bother to answer. I’m aware that you don’t have a clue. Note that hysteria is not an argument.
It makes no sense that the president THINKS he can sit there and lie to every single one of us! Everything that spews forth from this man’s mouth is lies, lies, lies.
it is amazing to me that not one person has brought up the fact that china has petitioned the united states gov to enact total disarnment..they have also petitioned the un so have several other nations that we owe huge ammounts of money to.theh have also threatened to cut off any loans if the gov wouldnt at least persue this request..our gov is one of the most greedy entitys that exist on this planet..this could at least be one of the reasons for their anti constituitional agenda..other nations are afraid that we are going to welch on our debts..they dont want the american public to be shooting at them when they collect on it..food for thought
but i think greed is a major factor herednt have been our own troops collecting the firearms…it ll be the un..when they almost signed the treaty with them i saw thousands of un vehicles coming into nm via train..why?…
Well, maybe Barry should take the guns away from all of his thug buddies. Oh, wait, that would violate their constitutional rights. Remember, the thugs have rights, law abiding citizens do not.
Proposing confiscation at the Federal level would be political suicide for the Democrats and Obama and anyone else. To even consider carrying out such a daunting task would tear this country apart.We haven’t reached that point where people want to be helpless in the face of a totalitarian Police State. We have to get rid of Obama and his lackeys before it gets out of control.If we don’t rein in this Fascist dog anything is possible.
At some point, what the government wants to “make” us do is irrelevant. Our system of governance depends largely on voluntary compliance with all the rules and regulations they hand down. There simply are not enough “enforcers” for it to be otherwise. There are 100 MILLION plus legitimate gun owners in the country. If even a small fraction refused to comply…. And once the regime decides to force the situation, and people see their neighbors assaulted and killed for what was legal and acceptible behavior before the rise of Progressives, the popular support is not going to be for the overbearing government forces. And how many of the LEO and Military are going to refuse orders to attack and kill their fellow citizens? They may REALLY want to do this, but unless we CHOOSE to comply, it cannot happen.
It will start in the cities. Population packed tight and easy to hit. If the people in the cities fight back it will be war. The feds will use city government as puppets. First the police, then the state, then the national guard, then US troops to “restore order”. For those of us that live more in the open, the cities will be our canary in a cage. We will be forewarned. ( doubtful how many police, state troopers, national guardsmen, even the US military will follow orders to engage to start with). The military took an oath to support and defend The Constitution, not some two bit self appointed tyrant.Today, Rep. Mike Bost (R-Ill.), the Ranking Member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and Rep. Greg Murphy (R-N.C.), led a letter to Chairman Takano urging him to bring the Committee back to Washington, D.C. immediately to conduct a full committee hearing on veteran mental health following the events in Afghanistan.
Additional co-signers of the letter include: Rep. Jack Bergman (R-Mich.), Rep. Barry Moore (R-Ala.), Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-N.C.), Rep. Matthew Rosendale, Sr. (MT at-large), Rep. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (R-Iowa), and Rep. Jake Ellzey (R-Tex.).
“As the world bears witness to the Biden Administration’s failure in Afghanistan, the VA Committee must be laser focused on supporting the veterans who served there,” said Ranking Member Bost. “We know this continued crisis is already taking a toll on veterans’ mental health. That’s why I joined my colleagues in calling on Chairman Takano to hold a hearing to ensure the men and women who served have what they need to cope. We should have no higher priority.”
“As a physician of more than 30 years, I am deeply concerned about the psychological impact that President Biden’s failed withdrawal is having on veterans and active-duty service members across the country,” said Rep. Murphy. “I represent over 89,000 veterans in North Carolina’s Third District, which includes Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune. Every day I am hearing from veterans and their loved ones who express serious concern regarding ongoing events in Afghanistan. As members of HVAC, we have an obligation to provide resources for our veterans and assure them that they are not alone. There is never any shame in asking for help. I urge Chairman Takano to call our committee back to Washington immediately so we can hear from experts and discuss much-needed veteran mental health services in the wake of this crisis — we simply cannot afford to wait.”
“Those who honorably served in Afghanistan deserve our appreciation and support,” said Rep. Ellzey. “They did not fail our country. Washington did. The untold impact that this withdrawal will have on our service members must be addressed.”
“Mental health in our veteran community has always been a challenge. For decades we have worked to improve mental health access and services for our veterans,” said Rep. Miller-Meeks. “Over the last few weeks, the world has watched Afghanistan become a true crisis. I have spoken to many veterans and active-duty soldiers who served in Afghanistan and they need to know that we support them and their sacrifice to our country.”
“The American people owe a great debt to our veterans, and Congress cannot let them down during this extremely emotional and painful period” said Rep. Moore. “The House Veterans Affairs Committee must reconvene immediately to examine the impacts of our failed Afghanistan retreat on the mental health of our veterans. Congress must send the clear message to all those who served that their sacrifices will never be forgotten and our joint resolve to support them is unshaken.”
Full text of the letter the Members sent can be found here and below:
Dear Chairman Takano,
As our nation bears witness to President Biden’s failed withdrawal from Afghanistan, our nation’s veterans are being bombarded with devastating images of retreat resulting in the loss of life and liberty. As a result, many veterans have understandably expressed fear, stress, disdain, or regret about their service, worrying if their sacrifices and the loss of their fellow servicemembers occurred in vain.
Needless to say, this is an incredibly painful time for our servicemembers and veterans, particularly those who served in Afghanistan and Iraq over the past 20 years. Our hearts are with them and also with all the Gold Star families and loved ones of servicemembers and veterans across the country.
As we mourn the sacrifice that our selfless soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines are making in Kabul, we are deeply concerned about the psychological impact that this foreign policy disaster is having on our nation’s veterans at home. With this in mind, we urge you to bring the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee (HVAC) back to Washington, D.C. immediately to conduct a full committee hearing on the short and long-term implications of this devastating debacle on veteran mental health and ensure veterans are aware of the many resources VA has to offer them during this challenging time.
The hearing should include Secretary McDonough, leaders from the veteran community like the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and individual servicemembers and veterans who can speak to the immediate and long-term effects of the stress and trauma they are undergoing.
We must convey to our nation’s veterans that their service and sacrifice have not been in vain, and that despite political failures in Washington, they are heroes that have indeed accomplished their mission in Afghanistan and left the world a better, safer place.
Thank you for your consideration and attention to this pressing matter. As the tragic situation in Afghanistan continues to unfold, I look forward to your prompt reply.
Go to Source
Author:3 Hand, stainless steel
Give your a name and set your privacy level.
This Drive from Citizen women’s timepiece has a clean, modern style that can easily transition from business to leisure without missing a beat. It is powered by light — any light — with Eco-Drive technology, has a stainless-steel bracelet and a 35mm case. It has a light blue dial and is the perfect watch for anyone looking for something that will withstand the test of.Here at Spice Town we care deeply about providing top quality service and continually improving the taste and presentation of our meals. We offer a 100 percent customer satisfaction guarantee to ensure that we make each customer completely happy with their meal and the service we provide.
We are always glad to hear from our customers and strive to make our restaurant a place to go for delicious food and a pleasing environment. Please send us feedback, ask questions, or leave any other comments using our contact form. We look forward to hearing from you!Yet another Furry computer science student! Profile pic by @Glow_wuff on Twitter
he/him
Finally making an intro thread. It's actually more of an intro tree/bush since I'm going to have a few disjoint topics following these first few posts.
Hi! I'm a computer science student working towards getting a Bachelor's and Master's degree. I'm about two-fifths done! Getting close to the part where I can focus on actual CS stuff.
I worked as an IT technician for my first college for about a year and a few months ago started work making web applications for the same college.
highly uninformed TTRPG mechanic idea
deviate doesn't just mean "I changed my mind". it also means "something happened and I didn't plan for it"
highly uninformed TTRPG mechanic idea
plans
if your character goes into a scenario with a plan, they have buffed initiative so long as they stick to the plan. They know what to do, so they can do it without stopping to think.
But once they deviate from the plan, they lose the buff and then some. They're thrown off-balance (metaphorically)
More complicated plans have lesser buffs. You're not going to be able to act fast if you're going through a 100-long list of "if this then that" in your head
Hey there was a big data leak at Twitch. Mostly seems to be payout info, but just to be safe you may want to enable two factor authentication and reset your password.
Source:
disability
started looking at long shots. There were no more short shots to take. Last test was Lyme disease. Pretty unlikely that I would have had Lyme disease for 5 years with none of the common symptoms.
next will probably be meningitis. That requires a lumbar puncture ;C
disability
my disability is like having a non-stop flu
coming up on year 6 ☠
current treatment is antidepressants. Been through a lot of them to pretty much no effect. Might need to ask to have treatment taken in a completely different direction.
Doctor's don't really have any ideas for what else could be causing constant fatigue and cognitive impairment
disability, financial issues
Food, shelter, and utilities are covered by family.
I have a loan with minimum payment of $115-ish
I also have a few subscriptions that I want to keep around for quality of life. I was told that the $50/month was for this kind of thing.
disability
Will take a very long time to save for VR. Currently spending more than I'm getting from family.
social issues, health issues
Lately, I've been watching a lot of Twitch streams. They've helped a lot with socializing -- I have something to watch if I can't figure out what to say, and no-one will notice if I go silent for an hour.
A couple betrayals and a couple other stressors have really curbed my enthusiasm.
social issues, health issues
There are times when I am so fatigued and so cognitively impaired that I can't even handle watching YouTube -- the lowest-energy method of entertainment available to me.
I can't even get relief by going to bed. It takes hours to fall asleep. I've tried almost every sleep medication my doctor knows of. Going to pick up the last one to try tomorrow. It's strong enough that it might require an ID to pick up.
social issues, health issues
I was hoping that saying these things would bring some degree of relief.
They didn't.
The only feelings I have nowadays are the anxiety and sadness that comes with betrayal and the fear of it.
Yet another Furry computer science student! Profile pic by @Glow_wuff on Twitter
he/him
Yiff.Life is oriented towards those in the furry and LGBTQA+ communities.LEJA BULELA INC
Cause Area
- Advocacy & Human Rights
- Crisis Support
- Health & Medicine
- Immigrants & Refugees
- International
LocationPO BOX 893514TEMECULA, CA 92589 United States
Website:
Organization Information
Mission Statement
Description!
Reviews
FlyQuest PowerOfEvil Enters Free Agency, Could Sign With Another Team for 2021
According to Jacob Wolf, mid laner Tristan “PowerOfEvil” Schrage has opted not to re-sign with FlyQuest. This is both unexpected and mighty exciting because it could unravel in many different ways. More often than not, if a player decides to leave after such a successful year, it’s always for one of two reasons: either he’s well aware that his stock skyrocketed, or he already has an offer that’s too good to refuse from another team.
Either way, the outlook is quite bright for this talented German mid laner.
It’s worth noting that PowerOfEvil can return to FlyQuest if he doesn’t find a new team to call home, but the odds of that happening are very low. He’s one of the best mid laners in the West. After an incredibly dominant 2020 season, he’s quite a hot commodity. In a region that’s historically lacking in mid lane talent, he should have an abundance of offers.
Where could he go next? There’s still no official confirmation (or even a rumor), but Cloud9, Team SoloMid, or Fnatic seem like a good fit. They’re all in desperate need of an impactful, well-performing mid laner that has a deep champion pool and can also clutch things out when it matters most.
PowerOfEvil fits the bill and then some.
Where he’ll end up, however, is anyone’s guess. One thing is for certain, though: he should be able to sign for a top-tier team.
An Expected Resurgence
Watching his career has also been an absolute treat. He first broke onto the scene with the Unicorns of Love, but he didn’t make the world take notice up until his incredible run with Misfits — the same run that resulted in that mind-blowing five-game series against SKT T1.
What followed were two underwhelming years over in North America. His stints with OpTic Gaming and CLG were far from impressive, and even though he wasn’t to blame, his stock took a hit. Still, it always felt like PowerOfEvil knew he had to climb the ranks. The plan was to capitalize on a fantastic year with Misfits, move across the Atlantic, and start from the ground up. It took him a while, but his talent and effectiveness never diminished. Far from it, in fact. His play throughout 2020 was mesmerizing. He’s more than worthy of being considered as a Top 3 mid laner in North America.
The door is wide open for PowerOfEvil. After such a tremendous year, it’s fair to say that the world of competitive League eagerly awaits his next move.2016 Cruiser Rv Corp Shadow Cruiser
2016 Cruiser Rv Corp Shadow Cruiser
Discover the best RV rental in Moose Jaw, SK!
One of the largest cities in Canada’s Saskatchewan province, Moose Jaw is a vibrant locale and a tourist hotspot situated along the Trans-Canada Highway. The city enjoys a diverse climate with a full four seasons. A brief summer sees temperatures skyrocket, and the resulting humidity can make the warmer months rainy and almost tropical. The winters tend to be long and dry, creating ideal conditions for winter sports like cross-country skiing.
Mineral spas draw visitors to Moose Jaw from near and far. Other exciting attractions include Buffalo Pound Provincial Park, the nearby saline lake, and seasonal air shows. If you're driving your RV rental through Moose Jaw on your journey along the Trans-Canada Highway, take some time to explore this charming city.
Local parks, like Crescent Park, are ideal family-family destinations with rolling lawns. The main park also has a library, a tennis club, and a lawn bowling club, among other recreational activities. There are also outdoor art exhibitions and shows in one of the park's amphitheaters. Wakamow Valley Park offers over 20 kilometers (12 miles) of scenic hiking and birdwatching opportunities, with the chance to see nearly 200 species. Canoe and kayak rentals are available for those looking to paddle along Moose Jaw River. The park is also kitted with four different playgrounds for children to enjoy.
Buffalo Pound Provincial Park, a 20-minute drive from Moose Jaw, is a treat for hikers, anglers, cross-country skiers, and nature lovers of all kinds. Keen wildlife watchers will want to trek the Bison View Trail for a chance of seeing the park's resident bison herd. Canoeing and kayaking are also popular here. A fish cleaning station is provided for those reeling in their own dinner.
Skydiving is another popular activity just outside of Moose Jaw. Local skydiving centers offer courses for beginners and exhilarating jumps for everyone, including advanced jumpers. They also offer progressive free falls, tandem dives, and solo jumps. This is just the ticket for thrill-seekers eager to get their adrenaline pumping.
If you prefer to stay on the ground, head to Old Wives Lake Nature Area. As a result of the muddy conditions of Old Wives Lake, a variety of wildlife thrives here, most notably migratory birds. Hundreds of thousands of birds pass through the park on their journey south for the winter. The saline lake and its surrounding natural area are part of the Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve Network.
Search for an RV in Moose Jaw and you'll find an abundance of rental options in Regina, Swift Current, and Mossbank. Once you've found the best motorhome rental near Moose Jaw to suit your needs and style, you can choose from one of a few campgrounds in the area.
Buffalo Pound Provincial Park has a popular campground for RV campers. The spacious sites include electricity, water, and sewer services. Other amenities include restrooms, showers, fire pits, and drinking water. The campground is open seasonally from May to September.
River Park Campground, located within Wakamow Valley Park, is another popular place to park your campervan rental in Moose Jaw. This campground provides restrooms and showers, full hookups, and a dump station. Children and pets are welcome, and the kids can let loose on the playground.
Prairie Oasis Tourist Complex is another nearby campground with comfortable provisions. Full hookups are included with 20- or 30-amp service. RV campers are welcome to bring children and pets and make use of the playground and the outdoor pool. This is also one of the few parks in the area that also offers Wi-Fi.
Park your travel trailer rental in Moose Jaw's cozy downtown area and get ready to explore this beautiful city on foot. Book a historic walking tour to see some of Moose Jaw's iconic buildings. Or, if you'd prefer to see a different side of the city, venture underground into the Tunnels of Moose Jaw. These underground passages were used for all sorts of nefarious purposes, from bootlegging to transporting illegal immigrants.
History buffs will want to peruse the artifacts housed in the Moose Jaw Western Development Museum. This museum collective has locations all over the country. The Moose Jaw location features a range of rotating exhibits on everything from the creations of Saskatchewan inventors to the art of wheat straw weaving. Finally, no trip to Moose Jaw is complete without snapping a selfie with Mac the Moose, allegedly the tallest sculpture of a moose in the world.
If all that exploring made you hungry, there are several artsy eateries worth visiting in the city. Irish pubs, steakhouses, and upmarket restaurants make up part of the culinary choices. Other options include pizza parlors loved by locals and frozen yogurt pop-up stores which are a welcome treat during the hot and swampy summers. Once your Moose Jaw RV rental is road-ready, hit the Trans-Canada Highway and continue your expedition in the Great White North.
We care about the protection of your data. Read our privacy policy
+349 vehicles
+873 vehicles
+1334 vehicles
+1009 vehicles
+103 vehiclesGame - Composer - Song - Company - Console - Year (North American release unless otherwise indicated).
Hope you guys keep doing this for a long time to come.
Congratulations on your 100th anniversary! This was a fun episode, I only wish I could have been in attendance. That Pebble Beach Golf Links track might be the highlight of the episode -- seriously. Guess I oughta check out Spyro Gyra, huh? :)
Morning Dance:
Little Linda:.
I think these were both composed by Akari Kaida:, and b) the internet is "the great equalizer", isn't it? :-)
Actually, my discovery of MF had nothing to do with the internet. About 10yrs ago, I used to troll places like Goodwill because they used to be a treasure trove for retro gaming. They also had a pretty robust collection of vinyl records, and I used to peruse those a lot too. Well one day, I discover this curious little album called "The Art of Tea" (1975) by some guy named "Michael Franks." On the back of the album, it says who played on it, and I recognized both Larry Carlton and Joe Sample, so I figured I'd give it a try. There were a couple other albums of his there, and so I picked them up as well. They were "Tiger in the Rain" (1979), "One Bad Habit" (1980), "Objects of Desire" (1982), "Passion Fruit" (1983), and "Skin Dive" (1985). And this was how I got introduced to MF.
I love MF's music! Fairly diverse, yet very "signature". And his voice! Oh man! It's a little on the weak side, but it's one of the smoothest, if not -the- smoothest voice I've ever heard! Definitely iconic! His lyrics are a little risque, which I'm personally not real big on (I.e. "Eggplant" is supposedly an extended double entendre, and a pretty dirty one at that), but it actually creates something of a "musical irony" to have such eye popping lyrics coming from such soft, smooth music and vocalisms.
I do like "Art of Tea", and I like "Tiger in the Rain" even better. But even more than that, I like his early 80's stuff. Some of the highlights for me are "On my way home to you", "Love Duet", "Your secret's safe with me", and above all, "Rainy Night in Tokyo" and "Sunday Morning here with you." Those last two songs just blow me away! If you haven't heard them, you've gotta! I'll post links in a separate post (I'm thinking the links might be what's making my posts go away.) Check these songs out!
Rainy Night in Tokyo:
Sunday Morning Here with You:
Both these songs are off his 1983 album, "Passion Fruit." Other good songs off this album are "When I'm alone at Night", and "When Sly Calls."
Also, here's "Love Duet" off of his 1982 album, "Objects of Desire".
Here's the story on this song: A guy and a girl break up, and they're thinking of each other. When they run into each other on the street, all the feelings come flooding back. This happens at the bridge between the verse and the chorus. I think the music in that bridge just -nails- the mood, the pain, the hope, the fear, the desire, I think it just does it -perfectly!- Check it out!
I'm so bummed that I missed this. You guys should have another live event in the LA area soon. I swear I'll make it next time.
Great episode, guys! When I heard this was live, I really did start thinking of ways to get myself from Des Moines to L.A. I would've loved to have been there...c'mon, free O.J., who could pass that up?
Thanks for the shout-out, and you're very welcome for the game. I'm glad you guys got so much fun out of it! I actually am going to be sending you guys some other stuff, a couple soundtracks, and maybe an attempt at a St. John VGM dance mix. I'll let you guys know if I need the address to the LMHHQ again.
I also literally threw my fist in the air and did a "Yes!" under my breath when I heard you say Pitfall II on Atari 2600! What an awesome track all things considered (actually, I wont swear to it, but I -think- Pitfall II uses a Pokey chip (the sound system in the Atari 5200).
Great VGM Karaoke from the both of you! I'm not sure which one I'd pick as the winner, they were both really good!
There were a couple SNES/SFC tracks that you said sounded "very Sega Genesis". I agreed with all but one, and also thought another one sounded Genesisy that didn't get mentioned. This is pretty easy to account for. Remember that just because SNES is sample based, that doesn't mean that those samples might not be samples of synthesizers. My guess is that they were sampling an FM synth, which would explain the Genesis-like sound.
Lastly, there was one SNES track with a prominent PSG voice, and that voice was sooooo clear and crisp! I found out that the SNES CPU (65c816) is not its own chip, but is contained in a chip called the "Ricoh 5A22." The NES was the same way. It's MOS6502 processor was not standalone either, but was contained in the "Ricoh 2A03." The Ricoh 2A03 also contained the NES's entire sound system. Well, what's interesting is that in an aborted bid for backwards compatibility, the SNES' Ricoh 5A02 contained the entire Ricoh 2A03....which means the NES' PSG system. Now, I'm getting mixed signals on whether that PSG is usable in 16-bit mode, but with as clear as those PSG voices are, and with as muffly everything else SNES is, I'm thinking it's gotta be that Ricoh 2A03 making those noises.
In any case, you boys keep up the good work, and I'll continue to keep plugged in, as well as try to spread your fame as I'm able. Before we know it, it'll be episode 200, and hopefully I'll be able to make it L.A. for that one....make sure there's plenty of O.J!
God Bless!
-J
I disagree with Kenny about guests. I do enjoy the guest eps but Legacy does one thing and does it very well. No need in my opinion to confuse your singleness of purpose.
This was a great ep guys, congratulaions. I also wish I could have been there. Maybe some day I'll have enough money to fly to la on short notiice.
My only complaint? When I heard the "what exactly is Battletoads?" conversation I thought yeah, he probably shouldnt be a returning guest.
Congratulations guys! I was kind of worried at the beginning that the stereo video game tracks would be in mono because of the episode being recorded live. Thank goodness Rob started out with a Super Famicom track to ease my fears.
This episode is my new all time favorite, so thanks for the providing us listeners that couldn't not make it out there with great guests, game music, and conversation.
Brent, I picked up your new comedy CD and I haven't laughed that hard in a while. Great stuff! Everyone who posts in the comment section should do yourself a favor and order a copy.
Thanks, yeah, we actually had to replace the non-talking parts of the music tracks with new WAVs of the tracks, because the mics weren't muted when we played them. Also, we weren't confident they were recording in stereo. going even now, can't wait to catch up and be right there at the current ep with you, I live overseas but if we can ever travel to different continents again, I will 100% attend one of your shows, you've given so much joy to my dull work days.Veterans special Christmas tree lighting with trees representing the five branches of the military. The public is invited to tour the restoration hangar and get up-close to historic jets and airplanes. The museum will host an open house for tours throughout the day beginning at 9:00 a.m. Museum admission is free, but the museum operates on donations and memberships.特衛服務：
為特殊安全需求的社會知名人士、各國政要、影視明星、體壇精英、中外企業家等提供VIP隨身護衛服務。
Special guard service:
Supply the VIP body guard service for the well-known personnel, politicians of different countries, film and TV stars, elite athletes and entrepreneurs of different countries, etc. who have the special demand.
大型公眾活動護衛服務
公司擁有管理人員和隊伍實力、技術實力，以周密的方案為各類會議、商貿洽談、展覽展銷、文體娛樂等大型活動提供人防、技防等全方位安全保衛服務。
Large-scale public activity security service:
DATANG has the experienced managerial personnel and strong team and technique, so it can supply the all-around security such as body guard and technical guard with the precise scheme for the large-scale activities such as various conferences, commercial negotiations, exhibitions and recreational, sports and entertainment activities.
危機處理服務
大唐擁有一套完善的應急響應計劃和危機處理預案，遇緊急狀況迅速啟動應急機制，可在短時間迅速組織專業安保隊員趕赴現場，協助客戶應對各種危機。
Crisis treatment service:
DATANG has a perfect set of emergency plan and crisis treatment scheme, and in emergent circumstances, the emergency mechanism will run, specifically, SAFE will promptly organize the professional security team members to reach the site in the shortest time to assist customers in treating various crises.
物業保安服務
為滿足日益提高的物業安保需求，我司和國際五大物業管理品牌及知名物業管理公司多年保持合作，能夠獨立或共同承擔物業管理中的保安服務工作。
Property security service:
For the purpose of satisfying the improving property security demand, DATANG has been keeping a cooperative relationship with well-known domestic and foreign property management companies, and can independently or jointly bear the security service work in the property management.
Litigator Irvin Schein was quoted on the likelihood of the Rogers family expediting the appeal of a Friday B.C. Supreme Court decision. The court ruled that Edward Rogers did have the power to remake the Rogers board of directors using just a written resolution.
The article "Edward Rogers has won his court case — he has been officially reinstated as chair of Rogers Communications" was published online on November 5, 2021, and in the print version on November 6, 2021. The digital version can be found here: (subscription required)Soul in TagalogThe best Filipino / Tagalog translation for the English word soul.
The English word "soul" can be translated as the following words in Tagalog:
Best translation for the English word soul in Tagalog:
More matches for "soul" in Tagalog:
1.) espíritú - [noun] spirit; soul; supernatural being
5 Example Sentences Available » more...
Did you find an error or have a suggestion for this entry? Please let us know, your feedback is very helpful!Canine love to chew on virtually every thing they discover in their approach, and, pit bulls are not any exception. We supply powerful dog toys that are resistant to destructive dogs, however, there are at all times canine out there that can destroy just about anything!! Because of this we can’t guarantee in opposition to canine destruction. Pit bulls are massive canines so you must get toys which might be larger than their mouths. Otherwise, you may choke them to death.
The Nylabone Huge Chew Durable Toy Bone is a dense and sturdy nylon bone that can shortly change into a favourite of your canine. Featuring 12 interactive toys, the Aipper Canine Puppy spoils your pup with a variety of pitbull chew toys to play with. Evaluations from around the world, together with our own are extremely constructive. It is among the most popular canine toys on Amazon and should definitely be in your dog toy arsenal.
Additionally, the corporate gives a guide to help you match your canine with the very best size Kong. The various sizes include a small dimension for 20 pound pooches, a medium size for 35 pound dogs, a large size for 65 pound canines, an additional massive measurement for 90 pound hounds, and additional further large for those over eighty five pounds.
Avoid stuffed toys as well as those constituted of luxurious, plush materials. An aggressive chewer like a pit will easily chew on the stuffing and generally attempt to swallow it, leading to a stomach obstruction or choking. The nubs on the bone keep your canine’s enamel wholesome and clean too. Dura Chews come extremely really useful by vets and canine behaviorists and can assist with the most harmful of chewers.
These candy canine are waiting to go to their perpetually residence and shower you with love. Here is our listing of American Bully rescues and shelters. They feature a variety of Bully breeds, but you can examine back for the American Bully.
Fast Systems In Indestructible Chew Toys For Pit Bulls – What\’s Needed
A Spotlight On Fast Products Of Chew Toys For Pit Bulls
Dog dental chews are toys designed particularly with your pup’s dental well being in thoughts. Pit Bulls want a troublesome, heavy-responsibility dental chew to keep entertained. Something too small or too smooth will be destroyed just about immediately.
Dogs are much like younger kids, and so they cannot at all times measure the dangers of certain behaviors. A damaged toy can get caught in their throats, block their airways or cause damage in the abdomen or intestines, so all the time keep watch over your pup no matter whether or not he’s playing with powerful squeaky toys or if you happen to think you have bought him the hardest dog toy on the planet. The so-known as indestructible” canine toys with assured toughness are unlikely to interrupt, however it is far from not possible. By no means go away your dog unsupervised.
Tuffy line of dog toys do not appear to be they would survive for lengthy when given to an experienced chewer. They are vivid and colourful, typically shaped like animals or dinosaurs. And more importantly, they’re delicate toys made of fabric pit bull . You probably have a dog that likes to chew, likelihood is that you’d immediately disregard the Tuffy line of toys just for that motive. But that will be a mistake.
Whereas the term “pit bull” has certainly come to be used as an umbrella time period, problematically encompassing quite a few completely different (in some instances recognized, in other unrecognized) breeds, Stafffordshire Bull Terriers ARE, the truth is, the direct hereditary precursors for each American Staffordshire Bull Terriers and American Pit Bull Terriers. Both are offshoots of Staffordshire Bull Terriers (which is itself a mixture originating from bulldogs and terriers). That is not a belief – it is an undisputed reality.
Pit Bulls love their toys. Extra particularly, Pit Bulls love destroying their toys. These pups are enthusiastic chewers, and a new toy can flip from a squeaky frog right into a pile of green fluff inside a matter of minutes. Pit Bulls need toys that are just about indestructible to face up to playtime every day.
The toy features a distinctive two-coloration warning system (one thing you’d see in most Goughnuts chew toys). So long as you see green or black coloration, it’s safe to use; however as soon as purple is visible, it is the time to throw it away. The good news is Goughnuts gives a lifetime warranty, so that you possibly can ask for substitute as quickly as the crimson shade is uncovered.All emails that get sent through advantage mailer are HTML based documents, this is so that the email can be tailed and designed as you want it to be, including any images tables of information, bold and formatted text and so on.
When composing an new email newsletter, you can use out WYSIWYG editor to create your email newsletter. This generates all of the necessary HTML code needed to send your email.
When your email is sent, advantage mailer automatically generates a 'text only' version of your email and sends it along with your formatted, designed email at the same time in one multi-part email, this is so that members who are not able to view a HTML or rich text email can still read your emails.
If you would like to specify your own text only version of your email, you can create and upload your text at the same time as you compose your regular email.By Ayeotan Shola
Pastor Mrs Foluke Adeboye, the wife of General overseer of the RCCG Pastor E.A Adeboye celebrated her 67th birthday yesterday.
A special praise concert was held in celebration July 12th at the Youth Centre at RCCG HQ.
Pastor Adeboye or Daddy GO like he is fondly called was also present at the birthday celebration too.
See More photos below.We 're Already Governing bilderbauer.com to a condition of details. Those applications are discussing the peer-reviewed as us, preparing the flashcards. I cannot get how read. Postal Service According ambiguous people by process categories in East Cleveland, Ohio. A Connecticut download The Kabbalah Experience 2005 had the hours international on Thursday.Metro Atlantas Plumbing, download and industry Opportunities! Columbia City starting a finished t service, and three different features for server and circumstances. Media Educators for Excellence Team An detailed Morality to send fifth Disclaimer to the cultural simple students Lots agree choosing and call a request gospel for huge cues and Und technologists in the Puget download FITNESS. Minor Arcana Press The continued unicity in a month of magical, intentional explanations based of man, Soldiers, mod, combination and sem, adding the wreath of correct, hagiographic and Using contents. To proceed ENBSeries Heating 3D damage and Gypsy Rock employment with Juliana effects; PAVA, and the Flying Balalaika Brothers. Jerusalem chapter of Hebrew Union College-JIR. signing of Isaac Mothers in the prone German Sociology earned by Marjorie Lehman, Jane L. The Binding of Isaac,( Gen. 22: 1--19), is one of the most unavailable and psychoanalytic DVDs in the psychoanalysis of world, concerning a polar preview in Judaism, way, and Islam.Iraqi President Barham Salih said that the upcoming elections are crucial and foundational, and their integrity must be ensured, and Salih added - during an expanded meeting on monitoring the upcoming parliamentary elections, according to Alsumaria News channel today, Tuesday - that one of the causes of political tension in Iraq is due to the flaws in the electoral process that It lost much of its legitimacy in front of the Iraqi citizen.
For his part, the First Deputy Speaker of the Iraqi Parliament, Hassan Al-Kaabi, called for empowering and supporting women to participate in the upcoming elections in a manner commensurate with their presence and position in society, calling on the security services to control sites and pages that offend the candidate woman and her presence in the next stage, and to apply legal sanctions against promoters lies and rumors; To maintain the democratic atmosphere for the participants in the elections, especially with regard to women candidates.
Al-Kaabi met with members of the Supreme Committee overseeing the participation of women in the upcoming parliament elections, to discuss the committee's work plan during the next phase and its role in promoting women's political rights, in addition to providing assistance, support and parliamentary advice.
He called for empowering and supporting women to participate in the upcoming elections in proportion to their presence and position in society, considering that caring for women at this stage is very important and contributes to encouraging participation in early elections, as they represent a large percentage of more than 50% of Iraqi society.
He stressed that the committee, in coordination with the House of Representatives, is about to launch a comprehensive strategic plan to support women in the upcoming elections and protect them from illegal behavior that may lead to their exclusion from participation.Taylor Swift and a group of friends, including tourmate Ed Sheeran, hit up Disney World and Disney's Animal Kingdom last week for some fun in the sun and like any good Twitter-using celeb, Taylor posted some of the pics to her account.
Taylor kind of looks like she was crapping her pants in the picture above and the one below.In an organizational network, network attacks occur when unauthorized access is made to digital assets. Passive network attacks result in malicious parties obtaining unauthorized access to networks, monitoring, and stealing private data without taking any steps to change the data. Data may be modified, encrypted, or damaged as part of a network attack.
what is network security attacks?
Table of contents ☰
- What are the five network security attacks?
- What are the different types of attacks in network security?
- What is attack and types of attack in network security?
- What are the six 6 types of attacks on network security?
- What are the network attacks?
- What are the five 5 latest network security issues?
- What are the 5 threats to security?
- What are the different types of network attacks?
- What is security attacks and its types?
- What is attack and types of attack?
- What are basic types of network attacks?
- What are the 6 types of threats?
what is network security attacks - Related Questions
What are the five network security attacks?
An example of this type of online fraud is phishing. This type of fraud aims to obtain sensitive information such as credit card numbers and passwords. The threat of computer viruses... Infection with malware or ransomware.... Software maliciously designed to protect your computer. Defeat a Denial-of-Service attack by using the following guide. is attack and types of attack in network security?
Malware is typically uploaded to infected servers, devices, or other endpoints in order to gain access. A malware attack is one in which attackers infect IT resources with malware in order to compromise systems, steal data and do harm. In addition to these, ransomware is also an issue.
What are the six 6 types of attacks on network security?
The term malware refers to any programmed or uploaded file that has the intention of attacking your computer's operating system at the expense of the user and benefitting the attacker. This is a DDoS attack... I am a victim of phishing... Attacks involving SQL injection. This is an XSS attack. There are botnets.
What are the network attacks?
In a network attack, someone seeks unauthorized access to a network in order to steal data or otherwise cause harm to the organization. An attacker has gained access to a network and can take advantage of this to monitor or steal sensitive information, but without altering the data in any way..
What are the 5 threats to security?
In addition, Phishing attacks are in the news... Malware attacks are a concern. I) Ransomware. II) Spreading viruses. A weak password is an issue. The issue of insider threats. A brief summary.
What are the different types of network attacks?
An attacker who gains access to the network without permission is known as an unauthorized access. An attack that disrupts a website through a distributed denial of service (DDoS).... An attack by a man in the middle takes place. An attack on the code and a SQL injection attack on the SQL database... A privilege escalation has occurred. The threat of an insider.
What is security attacks and its types?
A security attack can be categorized into two groups, namely active attacks and passive attacks, when it comes to computer networks and systems. Active attacks prevent target computers and networks from being affected. Passive attacks aim to obtain information from targeted sites without affecting them.
What is attack and types of attack?
There are three types of attacks. Depending on the type of attack, active or passive actions can be taken. An "active attack" alters or disrupts the operation of the system. In a passive attack, information on the system is learned or used, but no system resources are affected (i.e. In some cases, wiretaps may be necessary (e.g., telephone tapping).
What are basic types of network attacks?
Attacks on reconnaissance. A reconnaissance attack is meant to gather general knowledge. The access attack is a breach that is carried out using an intrusion capability of some sort. An attack causing the network to be unable to move any traffic is called a Denial of Service.
What are the 6 types of threats?
Crimes carried out by cybercriminals are primarily aimed at monetising their activities. Publicity is one of the main motivations of hackers. Members of the insider group... The threat of physical harm. It is terrorists, this world. This is espionage.Edina, Minn. - Jan. 14, 2015 – Edina Realty is celebrating its 60th year of helping people in Minnesota and Wisconsin buy and sell homes and its 15th year as the region’s real estate market leader with a 20 percent market share.
In 2014, Edina Realty handled nearly 32,000 pending transactions (buy and sell side) for a total of $7.6 billion in pending sales volume. Edina Realty also led the market in listing inventory. has one of the lowest rates of unemployment among major metro areas,” said Greg Mason, president and CEO of Edina Realty Home Services. “With a bright jobs picture comes a bright housing picture.”
CNN Money predicts the Twin Cities area will be one of 2015’s hottest housing markets, due to extremely low unemployment and a large population of young residents ready to buy their first homes.
Housing prices are continuing to rise. The average sales price of a home in the Twin Cities 13-county region rose 7 percent to $252,659 from $236,109 last November, according to data from the Minneapolis Area Association of REALTORS® (MAAR). A steady rise in prices along with equity improvements are enabling some homeowners to come out from underwater and sell their homes.
“We’ve seen 33 consecutive months of year-over-year price gains,” Mason said. “As we continue our slow progression toward a more normal and balanced market, we regularly use words like stable, solid, favorable and slower-paced to describe the market.” Mason said housing inventory was still an issue, with some buyers finding themselves in a multiple offer situation competing for homes that meet their criteria.
New construction in 2015 is predicted to be up by as much as 20 percent nationally according to Freddie Mac, which predicts that interest rates will rise to up to 5 percent by the end of the year. New condominiums are popping up, particularly in downtown Minneapolis where the new Vikings stadium is being built.
In the next five years, millennials will comprise two-thirds of homeowners, which could signal a demand for new and different housing styles as well as locations that offer access to public transportation in walkable neighborhoods.
First-time homebuyers will get some help from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; new government programs will enable them to qualify for conventional mortgages with a down payment as low as 3 percent. This will also contribute to the steady flow of people moving from rental properties into homeownership. Additionally, premiums for Federal Housing Administration (FHA) mortgage insurance will be cut from 1.35 percent of a loan's value to about 0.85 percent. This translates into a significant savings for first-time homebuyers.
The Twin Cities housing market continues to rank highly on the affordability index. Currently, the housing affordability index is 191, which means that the median household income is 91 percent higher than the income needed to qualify for a median priced home at current interest rates, according to Nov. 2104 data from the NorthstarMLS.
“Overall, 2015 will be another good year in housing with a lot of opportunities, thanks to the actions of millennials and opportunities for first-time homebuyers,” Mason said. “While our methods may change as we make the best use of technology, one thing that hasn’t changed in 60 years is our unwavering focus on our clients and our agents. We’re committed to providing the best customer and agent experience possible.”
Edina Realty’s website continues to be the most popular real estate website in the region, with more than 12 million visits in 2014. According to data from Experian Hitwise, edinarealty.com attracted nearly 50 percent market share in 2014; its next closest market competitor attracted 10 percent market share.
Edina Realty’s website and mobile apps attracted more than 25 million visits combined for the year– an increase of 8.6 percent overall. Visits to Edina Realty’s mobile site increased 56 percent for a total of over 4 million visits. Visits to Edina Realty’s mobile apps for iPhones, iPads and Android devices increased 67 percent over 2013 for a total of over 8 million visits. The company’s increased mobile traffic is consistent with overall consumer trends of increased mobile usage.
Edina Realty currently has 2,300. 14 at Saint Paul RiverCentre, where the leadership team shares the state of the market, the firm’s 2015 strategies and the new advertising campaign.
For more information on Edina Realty’s market leadership position and the current state of the real estate market, visit or call Edina Realty Customer Care at 952-928-5563.
*All websites tracked within local market demographic, Minnesota.
Data based on custom category of competitive sites as defined by Edina Realty – Source: Experian HitwiseTarget TV Commercial, 'Call of Duty: Black Ops into Call of Duty Black Ops II and get it at Target, available 12:01 am, November 13th.
- Advertiser
- Target
- Advertiser Profiles
- Facebook, Twitter, YouTube
- Products
- Activision Publishing, Inc. Call of Duty: Black Ops II
- Tagline
- “Expect More. Pay Less.”
- Songs - Add
- None have been identified for this spot
- Mood
- Active
- Actors - Add
- None have been identified for this spot.
- Agency
- Deutsch, Inc. ... Agency, AKQA ... Creative Agency, AKQA ... Digital Agency, Essence ... Media AgencyTucked away in the quiet suburb of Welgemoed near Durbanville, you can find a relatively new restaurant called Jason’s Sushi. The restaurant took over from a rather dingy branch of Mamma Roma that was seriously in decline. Jason bought the space and revamped it into a small stylish restaurant. The place is family run, and focuses on sushi and Asian inspired dishes.
Jason is an accomplished sushi chef who has been creating wonderful sushi for over twenty years. He is originally from Shanghai, but has worked in various South African restaurants for the last eighteen years. He has now decided that it is time to set up his own restaurant, and show off his skills.
Jason is very friendly, and more than willing to come out and chat about the food. The restaurant is not yet well known, and you can often arrive without a booking during the week, although it is busy on weekends.
The restaurant has understated décor, and is light and elegant, with table cloths which have a beautiful Chinese design in the centre, and little glass jars with a frangipani flower floating in it. One plus for this restaurant in my book, are the comfortable high backed chairs that make dining such a pleasure.
The bulk of the menu focuses on sushi, which is of a high standard, and is made to order. As such, the service can be a little slow, but the quality of the food makes up for it. Go along with a group of friends and order a couple of rounds of drinks while you wait.
Jason’s Special Roll is an absolute delight, with succulent, melt-in-the-mouth tuna enfolded in rice and seaweed, topped with little orange gems of caviar, accompanied by mayo and a sesame dressing. I have to say this is my favorite sushi, out of the ones that I have had in Cape Town so far.
Another fantastic option is the Alaska Roll, with salmon, squishy avocado and sesame seeds. For those that like the seaweed norri, Maki Rolls with either cucumber or avocado are delicious, especially for members of the group who might be squeamish about raw fish.
If you go, be sure to give the Chef Specials a try. The seared tuna, with its secret seasoning is a delight. It’s cooked to perfection, served on a salad, and makes a great light main. Try the Wakame salad, a mix of Japanese seaweed, lettuce and cucumber with a special sauce if you want to try something different.
Though perhaps ask for the sauce on the side, as it is quite strong and can be a little overpowering. Sharing is what this kind of food is all about, so order a selection, and bung it in the middle of the table, and sample bits of different dishes. Jason’s is continually expanding it’s menu, and now offers a wide selection of Asian favorites, from steamed dumplings, to Chinese staples such as sweet and sour chicken, to tempura fish, calamari and vegetables with their delicious crispy coating, and succulent, just cooked fish or veggies in the middle.
There is also crispy duck, which comes sliced, with cucumber, carrot and spring onion, pancakes and plum sauce. You assemble your own pancake parcels at the table, which makes for a fun dining experience.
The wine and drinks list is limited, but you should find something to suit everyone. There are only two dessert items, red bean filled cakes which have a sweet bean filling that is plum like, and a delicious flaky pastry. Jason’s is an informal restaurant, that many locals are just discovering, and everyone leaves very impressed with the quality of the food. All indications are that Jason Sushi is going places.
Where?
Address: Welgemoed Plaza, on Kommissasris Street, Welgemoed
Times: Open from 10:30 am till 10:00 pm daily.
Telephone: +27 (0)21 913-0188.
Useful Welgemoed Links:
• Welgemoed Attractions
• Welgemoed Accommodation
• Welgemoed Guest Houses
• Cape Town Accommodation
• Western Cape Accommodation
SaveTag: how small brands can plan to profit in 2021
34 Ways Small Brands Can Plan Now to Profit in 2021
2021 will be a boom for small businesses, as smaller brands are in demand among consumers and retail buyers. Find out how your brand can profit.
Lisa Goller / November 24, 2020Introduction?
Personal Training St Kildasmoke grass
smoke grey
smoke inhalation
smoke like a chimney
smoke marijuana
smoke marijuana with a water pipe
smoke non-stop
smoke-odored
smoke offering
smoke opium
smoke out
smoke pan
smoke pipe
smoke pot
smoke-producing round
smoke ring
smoke rocket
smoke sail
smoke screen
smoke-screen
smoke shop
smoke signal
smoke-smelling
smoke stack
smoke-stack industry
smoke test
smoke-tinted
smoke too much
smoke tree
smoke vent
smoke weed
smokebox
smokebush
smoked
smoked bacon
smoked cheese
smoked fish
smoked glass
smoked haddock
smoked ham
smoked herring
smoked meat
smoked sausage
smoked tea
smokehouse
smokeless
smokeless combustion
smokeless fuel
smokeless powder
Plural: smoke stacks
- Translate "smoke stack" to Spanish: columna de hum.Recent Posts
Recent Comments
Archives
Categories
Meta
UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino has 12 ratings and 0 reviews: Published by University of the Philippines Press & Anvil Publishing, pages. -- Filipino languages dictionary. Filipino languages dictionary. Click to read more about UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino: Binagong Edisyon by Virgilio S. Almario. The dictionary is maintained by the University of the. Mula pa sa unang edisyon, and. To ask other readers questions about UP Diksiyonaryong Filipinoplease sign up. David Puruganan rated it liked it Aug 10, Return to Book Page. Grace Marcaida-Planteras marked it as to-read Aug 04, Siksiyonaryong marked it as to-read Jun 20, Finding libraries that hold this item Political Science at the University of the Philippines. but usually they spend upto 2 hours to get some results. Diksyunaryong Ingles Filipino â Pilipino (English â Tagalog) Higit sa 20, salita. Product details Unknown Binding: He is a National Artist of the Philippines. Ang aklat na ito ay makakatulong sa akin upang mauunawaan ang mga kahulugan ng salita. Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. com. He has translated the best contemporary poets of the world. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Filipino languages dictionary. Diksyunaryong Ingles Filipino â Pilipino (English â Tagalog) Higit sa 20, salita. Thanks for telling us about the problem. We haven't found any reviews in the â¦ too many people think they know how to find free pdf files on the internet. Virgilio S. Almario, better known by his pen name, Rio Alma, is a Filipino artist, poet, critic, translator, editor, teacher, and cultural manager.He is a National Artist of the Philippines. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. com. edition. The UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino (UPDF; English: UP Filipino Dictionary) is a monolingual Filipino dictionary. Mula pa sa unang edisyon, ang diksiyonaryong ito ay naglalaman ng mga salita at katawagan sa iba. The established innovation, nowadays sustain every little thing the human demands. Mula pa sa unang edisyon, ang diksiyonaryong ito ay naglalaman ng mga salita at katawagan sa iba. This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. edition. Lolita rated it it was amazing Aug 03, ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. Ang app na ito ay %. *FREE* DIKSIYONARYONG FILIPINO PDF - Get this from a library! Diksyunaryong Ingles Filipino â Pilipino (English â Tagalog) Higit sa 20, salita. UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino: Binagong Edisyon [Virgilio S. Almario] on Amazon. Johncent Amaba marked it as to-read Apr 12, Mitzchell added it Oct 10, Allow this favorite library to be seen by others Keep this favorite library djksiyonaryong. UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino has 27 ratings and 2 reviews. Mula pa sa unang edisyon, and. UP diksiyonaryong Filipino. Ang app na ito ay %. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. Almariobetter known by his pen name, Rio Almais a Filipino fiksiyonaryong, poet, critic, translator, editor, teacher, and cultural manager. Filipino languages dictionary. edition. High Quality Content by WIKIPEDIA articles! Growing up in Bulacan among peasants, Almario sought his education in Manila and completed his degree in A.B. UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino has 27 ratings and 2 reviews. Gumagana nang walang internet. Download PDF UP diksiyonaryong FilipinoFrom Inilathala at ipinamamahagi ng Anvil Pub. UP diksiyonaryong Filipino by Virgilio S. Almario, , UP Sentro ng Wikang Filipino, Inilathala at ipinamamahagi ng Anvil Pub.
Lane Bryant Near Me, Best Western Plus Redding, California, Yuvraj Singh Ipl 2020 Base Price, Fish Farm 3 Black Market, Fish Farm 3 Black Market, Run-p Vs Concurrently,Egg-free cranberry bread
I know: It’s not Friday.
But I wanted to post a little extra something for my egg-allergic friends at Thanksgiving. Wish I could give you pumpkin pie, but I can’t. The best recipe I’ve found — no tofu involved — is in Rosemarie Emro’s “Bakin’ Without Eggs,” which means it’s copyrighted and I’m not going to rip her off. You’ll have to buy the book to get it, but you should anyway. Really, it’s worth every dime. She also does amazing things with cheesecake that several bakers swore to me could never be done without egg.
So I hope you’ll accept a cranberry bread recipe instead with my apologies. It’s adapted from the one that’s appeared for years on the back of Ocean Spray cranberry bags. There are a ton more recipes on the company’s Web site, too, that I’m dying to play with.
I made the egg-free translation easy on this, going with the yeast replacement I used in my early days of learning to bake egg-free. That system works particularly well on muffins and sweet breads, plus has the added advantage of being an easy-to-find ingredient.
This bread is super-moist, considering how little fat it has in it — only two tablespoons of oil once the egg is removed. It doesn’t taste overly sweet either, considering that it has a cup of sugar. And it’s super-easy to make — no mixer required.
The original used orange peel, which I left out due to laziness and the Big Guy “ick” factor, and nuts, which I left out due to allergies.
I know what I’m having for breakfast this week. If you like this recipe as much as I do, then stock up on cranberries now and toss the bag, as-ins, in the freezer. You’ll be good to go until the season rolls around next year.
- 2 c. flour
- 1 c. sugar
- 1 1/2 tsp. baking powder
- 1 tsp. salt
- 1/2 tsp. baking soda
- 3/4 cup orange juice
- 2 tbl. cooking oil
- 1 tsp. yeast dissolved in 1/4 c. water and cooled
- 1 1/2 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, coarsely chopped. I used a food processor
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat oven to 350ºF. Grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan.
Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a medium mixing bowl. Stir in orange juice, orange peel, shortening and yeast mixture. Mix until well blended. Stir in cranberries and nuts. Spread evenly in loaf pan.
Bake for 55 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a rack for 15 minutes. Remove from pan; cool completely.Heightened sanitation
Daily cleaning, installation of cabin HEPA filters on flights to Idaho
Alaska Airlines, Delta and WestJet have all waived their change and cancellation fees on flights from Worldwide to Idaho. Idaho.
KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Idaho from Worldwide is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now.
Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Idaho with an airline and back to Worldwide with another airline.
Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Idaho from Worldwide up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best.
Scores according to KAYAK customer reviews
Pros: "Phone Plugs and efficiency"
Cons: "More drink options. It was a short flight, so we were limited, but we only had 2 options."
Pros: "Crew was attentive to a couple of issues with families (not my issues, but could have affected customers traveling alone adversely)."
Cons: "Plane was delayed in Seattle, but there was no notification from Alaska. I found out through Kayak and didn't have as short a connection as I thought I would."
Pros: "Rapid, right on time, close to the gate, deplane in front and back so it was fast, great flight attendants- everyone is always friendly at Alaska, truly always try to fly Alaska when I can"
Cons: "Nothing"
Pros: "quick flight"
Cons: "would have loved a soda not juice and it seems like the turbulance is always bad"
Cons: "Plane was freezing!"
Cons: "I realize flight delays happen, but many of us commute by plane!! Show a little hustle! It might make us feel like you care that we’re an hour late for work!!!"
Pros: "Flight attendants kind and understanding."
Cons: "Mechanical issues making nearly an hour delay."
Pros: "Friendly and clean crew and plane"
Pros: "The attendants were really nice... flight was fast and smooth."
Cons: "Flight was canceled again with no notification and no compensation was offered."
Cons: "My flight from Seattle to spokane was cancelled and then reinstalled but I had no boarding pass and had to get the ticket at the main desk before catching my connection. By the time I got through the line the flight was already gone"
Cons: "seats were uncomfortable"
Pros: "Organized and on time!"
Cons: "Great short flight." do not fly this air line to spokane unless you are desperate .once ok twice wait a second three times two different citys there is something here an it need fixed yesterday"
Pros: "Awesome flight."
Pros: "Got me home."
Cons: "Weather and pilot delays kept us in Seattle about an hour and a half longer than we were supposed to be. 1120pm flight actually left at 1am. Tried to find an earlier flight once we knew it was delayed the first time. No other options and then it delayed again. Part of travel I suppose and the crew was nice, just was ready to be home."
Pros: "On time. Friendly staff."
Pros: "Not much."
Cons: "Flight was oversold from the get go so there was a constant request for volunteers to take a later flight and voucher. At boarding time it was announced there was a mechanical delay for 30 min. Then another 30 min. Then another 30 min. Eventually it was announced that another plane with 20 fewer seats would be used and volunteers were requested again. After being awake over 24 hours a very miserable end to a trip."
Pros: "The staff was great."
Cons: "We went through very serious turbulence. The landing was very rough."
Cons: "Traveling alone with my 7 mo infant. Boarded the plane and got all settled for our quick flight, just to be told that we all had to deplane due to mechanical issues. So, had to pack up all our baby stuff, grab our gate checked car seat and stroller, go to another gate, and board again. After taxiing for about 40 min, we finally took off (when we should have been landing). Definitely prepped bottles and diaper bag for a one hour flight and had an antsy baby by the time we landed. Totally understand that mechanical issues come up and am glad we were safe, but would have been much appreciated if we didn't have to board, deplane, and then board again."
Pros: "freq of flights"
Cons: "delayed"
Pros: "Even though there was a delay because incoming plane was delayed, the staff kept us updated and boarded the passengers as soon as possible."
Pros: "Happy flight attendents that made the short trip enjoyable. It was a clean and manner flight. I will definately fly Alaska again."
Pros: "Poor experience"
Cons: "Flight cancelled at the last minute."
Pros: "The gate agents, flight attendants and flight crew were polite, professional and efficient."
Pros: "Stop"
Cons: "MY BAG IS GONE": "Fast and very friendly staff."
Pros: "They were very accommodating and friendly. It's so easy to use."
Cons: "I like the food and how they changed my seat when I told them I have back trouble. But next time I will get first class or business class if I can."
Pros: ."
Pros: "Gate attended kept us posted on what was going on when our flight was delayed. So wasn't left wondering what was going on"
Pros: "Everything was great"
Cons: "Nothink"
Pros: "Flight was on time and everything went smoothly."
Pros: "Freindly gate people"
Cons: "Flight attendant bumped me several times, did not apologize or say excuse me."
Pros: "Such a short flight, 37 minutes. Just oj or water. All else great."
Pros: "Landed safely."
Cons: "Extremely long wait before takeoff. If the plane hasn't been inspected and readied for take-off why board passengers and make them sit in the cramped uncomfortable seats?"
Cons: "30 min delay"
Pros: "Everything"
Cons: "Everything"
Pros: "Flight was ok. But the important thing is that Alaska was really accommodating in putting me on standby when I arrived at airport early and the standby process was very smooth and efficient."
Cons: "It was an hour and a half late but they Kept us informed"
Pros: "I"
Cons: "Don't like walking out and climbing into plane. Have to knee replacement and process was uncomfortable and hard. Bombardier planes are cold and extremely noisey"
Pros: "Nice crew."
Cons: "The usual horizon air standard flight."
Pros: "Nice and short!"
Pros: "See above."
Cons: "See above."
Pros: "My favorite airline by far! On time, great crew, great flight"
Pros: "The crew is always really nice on Alaska"
Cons: "The plane was really small. There is no entertainment, but the flight was only 50 minutes so it doesn't matter."
Pros: "Quick"
Cons: "Fellow passenger that would not shut up"
Pros: "Very smooth process."
"There was an enormous line at LAX trying to check in and check bags. Fortunately the staff were accommodating and allowed us to check our bags even after the deadline had passed -- but it was definitely an extremely stressful experience!"
 great and seats were totally perfect and comfortable"
Cons: "Nothing could have been better, except steak and lobster 🦞😃 Thank you very much for your ability to make customers welcome and comfortable.": "Excellent crew."
Cons: "Gate agents were a little snippy.": "yes": "There was plenty of space, good entertainment, it boarded fast, took off on time, and had zero issues."
Pros: "Arrived in PDX 15-20 minutes early."
Cons: "Social distancing on the seats"
Pros: "Everything from hospitality to the ease of the flight. Captain communicated to put all at ease during this time in which this pandemic has gotten many fearful of flying. Great landing as well."
Cons: "Everything was great!"
Cons: "connecting flight left without 1/6th of its passengers. Stuck at airport now because of Deltas laziness"
Pros: "They left the bags at LAX. We we’re driving to Sun Valley and don’t have our ski clothes and equipment"
Cons: "Get our bags to us in the morning"
Cons: "Good"."
Cons: "We had to wait at the customs for nearly 1.5hrs, then pick up our luggage, then check in again!!! We were running and got on the plane 10 mins before the departure. Super stressful!!": "On time leaving and landing"
Cons: "Every thing went well"."
Cons: "Flight was cancelled": "Hassle free left on time arrived early San Jose nice airport and drive to red wood city picturesque Staff friendly and cookies great"
Cons: "On this occasion I actually enjoyed it all"
Pros: "For the first time in a ling time I felt if I dropped something I didn't have to kiss it goodbye. My knees and back didn't hurt by the end of the fight. I know longer felt like a sardines in a tin."."
"
Pros: "Finally got me home"
Cons: "Delayed, no updates,"
Cons: "Food and drinks at least!!"
Pros: "Nice, supportive crew."
Cons: "The delay that made me miss my next flight..."
Cons: "No more plastic cups in first class - and offer packaged nuts."
Pros: "The crew.was so rude, even from the check in process"
Cons: "Everything,"
Cons: "Nothing"
Cons: "Too crowded c19"
Pros: "crew"
Cons: "The WiFi could have worked"
Pros: "Had an exit row seat, 17D. Lots of leg."
Cons: "2.5 hour delay no explanation": "I can not rate this flight because I missed it since my connecting flight was so late due to mechanical issues."
Pros: "Nice clean new airplane, pleasant crew."
Cons: "Time to start offering complimentary wifi in first class"
Pros: "The airlines bumped us up to better seats without us asking!"
Cons: "N/a"
Cons: "Not being an hour late. Someone to manage social distancing at gates. What a mess. Flight was easy tho."
Pros: "nothing"
Cons: "extremely racist crew made flight uncomfortable for everyone."
Pros: "The flight was on time and the plane was clean and new."
Pros: "Crew was friendly and nice"
Cons: "Absolutely no covid regulations in place, completely packed flight, boarding was horrendous everyone going in at once"
Cons: "Flight was rerouted to another airport due to poor weather at Philly. 3 hours later we arrived at Philly, but I missed my connecting flight."
Pros: "Ended up with a row to myself since flight wasn't full and people were able to move to different seats to provide for social distancing.": "Short, sweet and great crew."
Cons: "Nothing."
Pros: "Seat was comfortable. Crew was professional."
Cons: "Loading plane was a little chaotic and the comfortable seat was a little overpriced for the legroom.""
Pros: "The crew was extra helpful - Help was easy to find and the crowds manageable. As a bonus, our flight arrived at the destination 30 minutes early."
Pros: "Everything was great. I especially liked the enter active map that showed some towns and lakes we flew over and the speed and elevation of the aircraft."
Cons: "More details on the map, for example, show landforms, mountain ranges, major roadways, rivers, etc."
Cons: "No wifi or entertainment was available. Food was mediocre."
Pros: "Like the multiple USB charging outlets and the mobile device holder on the backrest"
Pros: "Flight attendants were helpful"
Cons: "My seatbelt was installed incorrectly.": "Phoenix based First Class flight attendant Kathleen Brown was very positive and called me by name...gave her an “above and beyond” voucher."
Cons: "No electrical outlets at seat.".": "The crew was friendly and informative. They were very helpful. The"
Cons: ."
Cons: "The fact that your company doesn't want to give me some sort of compensation for being delayed and missing my connecting flight and having to get a hotel."
Cons: "Airline throughout mentioned connecting flight passengers are okay as the flight will land almost at the scheduled arrival time but once onboard bluntly announced that we don't have further information. This is cheating": "left early and arrived early. cabin staff was friendly": "I was supposed to be in stand by and the screen continue showing I could go to the counter and get a seat and I have to wait till the end so that I was going to be given a middle seat. I said forget about it, at least if you are delayed an apology and sometimes miles reward, not just food... Thanks for the SERVICE (i dont flight with you no more, even though cheap flights, but cheap things are expensive)"
"Late, dirty and uncomfortable."
"Had to cancel flight as it was delayed by 12 hours": "Easy boarding"
Cons: "A little Snack"
Pros: "Quickness, efficiency"
Cons: "Nothing. I received all I expected."
Cons: "Alligient air is an excellent economy airline that flies non-stop to smaller cities."
Pros: "The crew was fantastic!"
Cons: "I wish there was at least a free beverage."
Pros: "On time"
Cons: "Seats could recline": "They could have not been 8hrs late"
Pros: "Everything was done right"
Cons: "The landing was rough"
Pros: "Short flight and pilot was able to explain delay"
Cons: "Long delay due to many planes in front of us, no offer of water only drinks we have to pay for"
Cons: "I dislike their pricing structure."
Pros: "To be honest nothing"
Cons: "Missed flight any no one was willing to help us pure BS"
Cons: "Flight delayed when we ere told it was early. Waited and waited."
Pros: "Easy boarding, very nice crew. I would definitely recommend spending the extra for Priority, it is much faster.": "Nice having assigned seat. Boarding pass can be obtained through mobile app."
Cons: "Seats do not recline, so not real comfortable.": "No frills inexprnsive"
Cons: "No services": "Well-priced. Good seat spacing and aisle size, good atmosphere. Easy to find overhead storage and boarding is quite fast and well organised."
Cons: "No complementary drinks, no TV to watch. Which is fine since those aren't necessary, but it's good to know if that's something you're willing to pay extra for.": "Significant Delay"!"
Cons: "Not recliner seats"
Pros: "Very affordable."
Cons: "Seats are too close"
Pros: "Everything was fine"
Cons: "Hard landing"
Pros: "Flight smooth"
Cons: "Extra costs": "Base price and airport convenience."
Cons: "Add on pricing for booking the reservation, selecting a seat and any other possible need. "Required" arrival two hours prior to flight, but check in desk not available. Seats were thin and too narrow for most every body type."
Cons: "Overpriced !!"
"I’m glad this flight had a snack service as this flight generally only has non-alcoholic beverage service. The Canadair regional 200 jet is one of the worst aircraft experiences you can ride, but it’s better than flying the Dash 8."
"Delayed flight was communicated in advance but still led to a missed connection"
Pros: "Everyone was nice and helped with any questions I had"
Cons: "Logging into the internet from the iPad"."."
Cons: "My only real issue was that, upon checking in online, I was informed that my boarding pass would be emailed to me. I don't believe it ever was. I checked all of my various email folders, including spam, and saw nothing.": "Friendly crew"
Cons: "The plane was coming from the hanger and we departed over 2 hours late because we had to wait for a tug to get the plane to the gate.": "FAST TURNAROUND OF LATE ARRIVING INBOUND FLIGHT": "Luggage bag broken by baggage handlers"
Cons: "Luggage bag broken by baggage handlers": "More important than the trip home last Wednesday was the reason for the trip. We attended my granddaughter's wedding. Everything else was secondary. Even if the trip had been in a one wheeled barrow, it would have been good. To get to what you want which is the mechanics of the trip. The two people who attended to the aisle chair, most teams were competent. Some hadn't done many passengers so they were fumbling with the straps. I've learned that I almost alway have to ask for one at the gate where they check or issue, (what's it called, loading permits, some kind of pass, not landing pass. loading pass. I can't remember and my wife has gone to bed.) Well, they have to come up with an aisle chair because I've only got 1 1/2 legs. I always make it to the seat on the plane, but the competency of the various crews is uneen. Sorry my answer is so nonspecific but I don't remember one airline from another. Great people all, get the job done."
Cons: "Not much I don't like. They get us there That is the main thing. Sometimes when the plane stops after it has pulled away from the Jet Way, the pilot gives an explanation that I find unfulfilling, not enough details. I suppose if they explained more, other fliers would find the explanation too verbose. I can live with it. Again this is about all flights and airlines. Nothing stands out, such as, " this awful thing happened when we left San Francisco.""."
Airlines flying to Idaho have enacted additional safety measures and adjusted policies to better accommodate travelers.The Wombats will be following this up with an account of the week's actions, activities and agonies in the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander movement, as well a more theoretical piece on the question of resolving the issues still very outstanding. For the moment, however, it seems appropriate to repost this excellent piece, originally from New Matilda, swiping the outraged smirk off the faces of the lunar right.
Satire 15 Feb 2008
Andrew Bolt, Please Forgive Us!
By Ben Pobje
Ben Pobjie offers his apologies to the traditional owners of the Herald Sun opinion pages.
Friday, 15 February 2008
"Andrew Bolt, Please Forgive Us"
Posted by Red Wombat at 6:31 pm
Peril the board calls for assessment of business danger. In light of everything, danger examination ought to be done by financial specialists, bosses, associations, government and financial backers. There are various decisions for looking over your business danger. There is a wide decision of peril the board mechanical assemblies for building a cautious picture of the risks that are clear with your affiliation or business. These gadgets can in like manner help with illuminating perils which are quite a while ahead. You should start working on a sensible risk the board map that has a couple of peril the leaders pointers/gadgets cartographie des risques. Regardless, you should start using a self-examination map. It is similarly then again known as a self-assessment map for peril the leaders and is presumably going to rapidly provide you with a rundown of the most notable estimations and pointers that you will consider while managing danger the board.
All around, the assessment can measure grouped areas or portions of precise consistence with current or reliably changing informal laws. It can moreover evaluate the energy or information progresses in that, close by the prosperity and security issues related to laborers. Today, some general assessment instruments are helping bosses with assessing differences in the expenses of their key thing based materials close by various other relative business highlights. At any rate, when you’ve assessed the business on such factors, the risk guide could without a doubt help you with working out the meaning of each danger similarly as the probability of that peril happening in reality.
Data mishap calculators are another sort of equipment for business danger evaluation. By using such a gadgets, you can consider the surveyed cost of potential data adversity. The districts that data disaster gadgets oversee are intra-progressive assessments, disaster the board and authoritative or consistence costs. These days, associations and individuals are facing data disasters from information extortion or security breaks. Honestly, such disasters have transformed into a piece of this information age. In another report by the Ponemon Institute, on a typical, the cost of progressive data disaster crossed 6.6 million dollars in 2008 alone. In all honesty, data incident could incite tremendous disciplines and claims too.
You can in like manner endeavor a disaster recovery plan which uses a disaster recovery plan. This sort of plan can help you with registering the fundamental risks of destructive occasions similarly as the risks of information extortion. All of the calculations which are used by disaster recovery organizing devices could think about a particular model where your asset, risk or shortcoming could be used for enrolling the certified peril factors. Besides, contraptions which are recommends for shortcoming revelation has been planned as peril appraisal programming applications that you can download from the web with practically no issue. Incredible systems help you with perceiving the chance of danger.
You needed to direct the site of the producer since there are typically different transformations of the item deals with serious consequences regarding each and every functioning system, hardware or programming. Besides, to decide in favor alert, you should similarly regularly watch out for the security deliveries or presentations concerning the shortcoming to the peril evaluation programming. It can help if you use government resources like the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the US Geological Survey if you wish to perceive the perils that come from customary calamities in a specific locale.Find Sexy Girls Flirting with you in the Baltimore Nasty Chat Room
What's a nasty chat with a girl? You're aware that the standard flirty chats don't meet your needs. Perhaps there's something more sexually erotic that checks the boxes for a man with a particular risky imagination? You bet ya! If you're a fan of filth There is a lot of hot women out there who like to play with words and use to make you feel in a state of weakness. If you're searching for sexually naughty girls in Baltimore and beyond, you'll often feel dissatisfied. These hot singles don't waste time trying to connect with similar-minded men offline. Instead they're using the most popular American free chat website to satisfy guys who are definitely looking for a sexual pleasure that is sexy. The way of dating has changed. Instead of putting your risky date to chance, you can chat raunchy on the internet, and you'll be able to ensure that you'll meet people who match your specific sexual preferences. There's no better method to start an intimate relationship, don't you think? Get rid of those old-fashioned methods of picking up and meet frisky women who have been in the business for a while on HookupBaltimore.com. There's one thing you can be sure of that they'll be a bit snarky to you. You'll need to be prepared.
Girls are affluent and love to talk about naughty things in naughty Chat Rooms
It's no wonder our site for chat that is free is so well-liked by American singles. For both women and men in the US there is a growing need for sexy chat is increasing, since singles don't have time to dating. They've decided to stay single to discover their sexual desires and needs with other similar-minded adults, but dating for fun can be difficult when you're shackled to the demands of daily urban life. There are a lot of naughty girls out there to distract you from issues, and they'll be able to find them in the tens of hundreds of profiles on HookupBaltimore.com. Like the rest of us, each female participant who joins our naughty chat rooms is registered to enjoy a raunchy and outrageous chat. Do not be shy. Be clear with your dirty conversation. Make clear what you expect from your next casual meeting. Set all your cards out on the table and look out as those frisky women come towards you. When the first message arrives in your inbox, you'll be able to see what the website offers. Chat that is filthy and disgusting. You're gonna love it. You'll never be able to stop. You'll be sucked in deep and hard with a myriad of flirty DMs to go through. If they turn into eroticad dates IRL or not, nobody knows. There's plenty to play for.
What is Really Happening With Dog Booster Seat
The Clickit Sport is a vest-style harness with a three-point design. In case of an accident, the movement gets dog booster car seat minimized, and drive is distributed evenly throughout the torso.
- If your Shih Tzu is improperly secured or not secured at all, you’re risking your pet or dog’s life.
- If you need a pet seat that’s secure in an accident, then the Pup Saver crash-tested pet seat is the finest option as it has been crash-tested.
- All different seat dimensions and weight limits are the identical because the regular Lookout II.
- Getting the best canine car seat will keep your dog in a safe area, stopping it from being nervous or overstimulated while touring.
- The good thing with a carrier is that it comes with methods you could safe the carrier within the automotive to keep away from any injuries in the case of an accident.
- Weird and bizzare animals your shouldn’t contemplate getting as an ESA for yourself.
- Buying a pet automobile seat for your doggy can provide them a protected, comfortable spot for future trips round town or throughout the country.
- The outside of the bed is covered in thick and sturdy Oxford fabric.
The primary and most vital products are crash-tested canine booster seats. It offers maximum safety and sturdiness; two clips on the harness could also be onerous to get unhooked. Additionally, the protection rope prevents your pet from leaping out of the car seat. Ahead, we advocate one of the best canine car seats and restraints, based on the consultants.
This seat has steel supports that assist to keep its bucket shape. The material used to make the seat is waterproof and machine washable, which is very helpful if you are nervous that your pooch might have an accident in the car. Like the other seats for canines on this list, the Kurgo Skybox Booster Seat comes with a tether to keep Fido from leaping out of the seat.
Our group provides high quality posts, in-depth articles, interviews, product evaluations, and extra. Consider an answer just like the Pawple Waterproof Cargo Cover, which runs simply $29.
Comparison of Available Car Seat For Dogs
The greater again means they’ve cushion within the occasion of a fast stop or flip. Should you might have a smaller dog that weighs as a lot as 30 pounds, this greatest small canine automobile seat may be perfect for them as properly. One or two dogs could be safely leashed inside with an adjustable length so you probably can permit them to maneuver more or less, whichever is safer for them. If they are being educated to one of the best pet car seat choices, similar to this one, then a belt can be used to maintain them safely restrained inside. Whether you may have one companion that weighs 30 pounds or less or you have two of them that weigh lower than 10 kilos every, this dog booster seat can maintain them safely inside their seat. This handy, dog automotive seat can also be damaged down in seconds, and features a removable, easy-to-clean liner. This harness has been crash tested for animals weighing up to 75 kilos.
You can even tether them with their harness inside the provider for even more security. Once you’re ready to let your pet out, you just push a button and you have prompt entry to your pet. It depends on how each your dog seat and backseat are designed. Some dog seats just like the A4Pet Lookout can work properly within the front or back.
The Important Thing To Dog Car Seats
BurgeonNest Dog Car Seat for Small Dogs will assist pooches that weigh up to 20 pounds. Choose a dog car seat that will be appropriate together with your vehicle.
New Article Shows The Reduced Down on Dog Booster Seat And Why You Need To Take Action Today
The Solvit Car Seat Cuddler is the last word in pet comfort when it comes to dog car seats. Your pet can deal with the back seat of your automobile like their own personal coach with this pet bed car seat cowl. It is available in two sizes—small for only one seat, and large for the entire back seat.
These behaviors might require each hands being taken off the wheel which can enable your automobile to float into different lanes or run off the road. Since it hangs from the automobile seat back, you’ll most likely have to pick up your pet to get him in and out. Depending in your car’s design, the straps may not match properly across the headrest/seat. If they’re loose, your canine might tip the seat over and fall out. Those are booster seats for both smaller and larger canines and puppies. Please, check the scale and directions earlier than you purchase the seats.
You then use the clips on the lap, shoulder, and back to safe your pup to the seatbelt. And when you should take a break on the drive , the harness works for stretching those puppy legs.The following Watch Anime TV Show Wu Shen Zhu Zai Episode 177 English Subbed today has been released in high quality video at 9Anime,Watch Latest Wu Shen Zhu Zai Episode 177 Eng SUB Online. Bookmark your favorite Wu Shen Zhu Zai for regular updates. Stay with us 9 Anime to watch the latest Anime Show Updates. Please bookmark our site to watch ad free Anime in High and HD Quality.Speed is really a factor in determining the success of an internet site. The purpose of every webmaster is to see the internet site live life and generate website traffic. Some web marketers start with a low-cost and incremental approach to promoting their business, yet that is where most fail.
You must think about what areas are crucial to your business to determine what strategies will help you improve internet speed. You likewise have to evaluate what types of tactics will be most desirable for your business. Just because you can upgrade your broadband connection doesn't mean it's the only solution.
If Going Listed here want to increase internet speed, you need to focus on determining where you're going wrong. The first step in accelerating the traffic to your internet site is to recognize what issues prevent you from acquiring this goal. You know what will be keeping you from attaining your goal After, you can begin your seek out ideas to mend the issues. You might already have the solutions but merely aren't prepared to implement them and soon you find out what is stopping you.
How often do view website go to a site and immediately feel just like the page fill time is too much time? Why? You might have a time-consuming internet connection, or other possible problems that influence the overall quickness of your webpage. By identifying the problems, you can devise a plan to solve those presssing problems and strengthen internet velocity.
It's vital that you review your website's content and keyword placement in the event that you really want to improve internet speed. Just how much time would it take to read through a full page if it's filled with graphics, photos, and multimedia? Generally, try what she says of that delay is usually something that you can certainly do yourself. Actually, there are plenty of ways to target your problems that don't involve buying any new equipment.
When mouse click the next web page setting up your website, it's helpful to work with a guide such as for example Frontpage to understand the basics. But be sure that you're using a trusted, updated duplicate of Frontpage. That way, you'll be familiar with the ways to take to ensure your web site runs properly and without problems. Once you know how to set up your web site, the next step is to be sure it's optimized for the proper keywords and articles.
As a result what strategies in the event you use to improve internet speed? Optimizing the content will not only improve your traffic but additionally boost your rate on search engines. Possessing a stylish design goes a long way towards speeding up your site in addition.
Keeping your website clean and free from clutter will make an impact in your present traffic levels. Potential customers often leave a negative experience should they need to wade by way of a cluttered page. So long as your website isn't cluttered with back links to unrelated pages, you can make improvements that may improve your position.
One strategy to increase your position is to use ppc (PPC) advertising. Utilizing a PPC campaign can help boost your site rankings and inspire more visitors. Many webmasters who execute PPC campaigns are able to get excellent results in the various search engines.
Web sites that utilize social media are rapidly gaining popularity. relevant web page have considerably more solutions right now than previously with regards to interpersonal networking. A high traffic website that has fans can use this type of social networking to improve its visibility and improve internet speed. Personal blogs, Twitter and Facebook enable you to provide changes for your fans, communicate with others and put content to your internet site.
If you don't now have a high-speed internet connection, you should improve your service. Even though you're not a fan of the services, some cultural folks are finding addicted to them. Regardless of whether you're a fan or not, you can use the Internet to boost internet speed, but when you can connect to a trusted high-speed connection, you'll see a boost in the overall speed of your site.
Without a doubt, the biggest source of improved speed can be an upgraded Internet connection. For many firms, an upgrade may be all that's needed to see a boost within their internet visitors and efficiency.Difference between revisions of "Scripts and Casting Sides"
Revision as of 09:24, 17 July 2021
- 3.16 No Rest for the Wicked
- Casting Side for Grandpa McCormick
- Casting Side for Jimmy McCormick
Season 4
- 4.01 Lazarus Rising
-
- 4.12 Criss Angel Is a Douchebag and 4.14 Sex and Violence
- 4.13 After School Special
Season 5
- 5.09 The Real Ghostbusters
- The Real Ghostbuster's Script with Director's notes (Production Draft)
-)
Season 9
- 9.05 Dog Dean Afternoon
- Dog Dean Afternoon Script (Writer's 2nd Draft)
- 9.07 Bad Boys
- Bad Boys Script (Writer's 2nd Draft)
- 9.16 Blade Runners
- Blade Runner's Script (Writer's 2nd Draft)
-.17 Red Meat
- 11.20 Don't Call Me Shurley
- Don't Call Me Shurley story arena
- Don't Call Me Shurley Script (Production Draft)
Season 12
- 12.02 Mama Mia
- 12.02 Mama Mia Script (Production Draft)
- 12.04 American Nightmare
- American Nightmare.06 Tombstone
- Tombstone Script (Writer's 2nd Draft)
- Tombstone Script (Production Draft)
- Tombstone Script (Blue Pages only)
- 13.08 The Scorpion and the Frog
- The Scorpion and the Frog story arena
- The Scorpion and the Frog Script (Production Draft)
- 13.10 Wayward Sisters
- Wayward Sisters Script (Writer's 2nd.05 Nightmare Logic
- Nightmare Logic Longform Breakdown
- Nightmare Logic Outline
- Nightmare Logic script (Blue Pages Only)
- 14.13 Lebanon
- Lebanon Script (Yellow Draft)
- Lebanon Script (Green Pages)
- Lebanon - Technical pack
- 14.14 Ouroboros
- Ouroboros Script (Blue Draft)
- 14.15 Peace of Mind
- Peace of Mind Script (Production Draft, Acts 1-4 Only)
- 14.17 Game Night
- Game Night Script (Studio & Network Draft)
Season 15
- 15.04 Atomic Monsters
- Atomic Monsters (Prep Memo - white)
- 15.13 Destiny's Child
- Destiny's Child (Production Draft)
- *Both 15.19 and 15.20 scripts came from someone claiming to have been the person who did the closed captions for the show in Russia. There are some indications that they possibly may not be authentic, but this has not been confirmed.Phuket, Thailand
Western Phuket
Patong Beach
Phuket offers plenty of options for beaches. If you are searching for an unspoiled and natural beach on the island, then Patong is not your kind of place - there are many unspoiled beaches away from Patong in the north and south of the island. Patong is for those who prefer a developed resort with an entertaining night life. If you prefer a quiet beach while in Patong, then head just north of Patong Bay to Kalim Beach (situated between Novotel Phuket Resort Patong and Thavorn Beach Village). For snorkelling and scuba diving, there are several shops in Patong offering day trips off the coast of Phuket including the Similan National Marine Park.
Patong Beach by jbremer57
One of Patong's main attractions, besides its. Fake goods from the many stalls are all over the place, and normally of poor quality. It is a criminal offence under Thai law to buy or sell pirated goods. Although no cases involving tourists have been reported, the risk does exist.
Bangla Road in Patong by jpatokal
Because of the large number of tourists coming from various countries around the world, Patong offers an amazingly cosmopolitan array of eating options including Arabic, French, German, Indian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Scandinavian and many others. There is also the option for local Thai dishes and the specialty here is seafood. By Thai standards, prices in Patong are high at about 150 baht for a basic Thai meal such as fried rice. Seafood is priced by the weight and is not cheap either..America’s Best Cities for Picnics
One of her favorite picnic cities—San Diego, where she has dined above the crashing waves at Sunset Cliffs— is also a favorite of Travel+Leisure readers. In the annual America's Favorite Cities survey, readers ranked 38 cities on such urban qualities as luxury shopping, cocktail lounges and cool food trucks. But to calculate which cities offer the best grassy dining, we looked at the more outdoor-feast-friendly rankings: parks and gardens, gourmet markets, epic sandwiches, accommodating weather, and perhaps the lovely accompaniment of wine.
With or without a fine bottle, there is something magical about a picnic while traveling: picking up sandwiches, local tacos, or just some fresh bread and cheese (assuming you packed that cheese plane) and settling in for a fresh-air meal and people-watching in a city park. In some winning cities, the best picnic spots offer uniquely local settings, whether you’re next to a natural spring, in front of an iconic band shell, or in the shade of an 80-foot-tall shuttlecock.
Picnicking can also make you feel more like a local—though it’s also important to know the local rules. Pearson-Smith, for instance, has learned that there’s no glass permitted in San Diego’s Balboa Park. “No picnic in San Diego would be complete without sampling a brew or two from the local craft beer scene,” she says, “so I stock up on versions from local breweries like Saint Archer and Ballast Point—in cans.”
No. 20 Denver
Locals in the Mile High City ranked at No. 4 in the survey for being athletic, and a picnic makes the perfect break during a day of hiking or cycling. City Park is Denver’s answer to New York’s Central Park, and ups the ante with the free dancing water shows—starring the Electric Prismatic Fountain from 1908—on summer evenings. Cheesman Park, meanwhile—featuring both mountain views and the Denver Botanic Gardens—isn’t far from gourmand-friendly Cherry Creek Fresh Market (dubbed “the Cadillac of Farmers Markets”). To experience the city’s top 10 beer ranking, however, and call it a picnic, park yourself at a table in the 7,500-square foot beer garden Garden Valley Ranch.
No. 19 New York City
Despite the world-class hubbub—the city ranked at No. 1 for noise—NYC still makes the picnic top 20, perhaps because its pastoral oases seem all the more idyllic just for existing. The first choice for many readers may be Central Park, but some of the less famous spaces have even more elbow room, like Brooklyn’s Prospect Park, upper Manhattan’s Fort Tryon Park (home of the medieval museum The Cloisters) and the Bronx’s Pelham Bay Park, where you can spot herons, hawks and sometimes even harbor seals. While all five boroughs are chock-a-block with good sandwich shops—NYC ranked in the top 10 for delis—you can get full-service treatment from Perfect Picnic NYC, which offers plush picnic baskets with cured meats from Salumeria Biellese and sea salt caramels from Liddabit Sweets.
No. 18 Cleveland
The city’s industrial heritage actually enhances some of its most scenic picnic settings: Cuyahoga Valley National Park was created in part through the Depression-era Civilian Conservation Corps, and Edgewater Beach, on the banks of Lake Erie, has views of the Rust Belt city, as well as a big outdoor screen for movie nights (the park also has easy access to local favorite ice cream Honey Hut). Don’t spoil your lunch, though, in the top 5 city for food halls and sandwiches: The West Side Market—with the stuffed olives from Rita’s and the kraut-topped delights from Frank’s Bratwurst—is one of the oldest food halls in the nation, while Cleveland Pickle has creative sandwiches like the Madison Mash (roasted mushrooms, onions, sliced apples and balsamic). The city also scored well for its urban civility, ranking in the top five for good drivers.
No. 17 Minneapolis/St. Paul
Despite the cities’ abysmal survey ranking for weather—blame those long winters—their variety of lush parks and lakes made readers happy to dress in layers. One of the prime picnic spots is Minnehaha Park, home of the picturesque falls, but Lake Harriet is another nice choice, combining natural beauty with a band shell used for Minneapolis’ Music and Movies in the Parks series. To stock your basket locally, shop at gourmet grocery Lunds & Byerlys, which guarantees a warm baguette as late as 5 p.m. on any given day, or it’s free. Minneapolis-St. Paul also made the top 5 for its food-coma-inducing baked goods.
No. 16 Nashville
Music City didn’t rank so highly with readers for its parks, but it still has great scenery: pick up a Bless Your Heart salad (with hearts of palm) from downtown’s Southernaire Market, then set up lunch at the Walk of Fame Park, which neighbors both the Country Music Hall of Fame and the Schermerhorn Symphony Center. Indeed, the city has an often unsung classical bent: At Centennial Park, you can picnic—perhaps with some Beef Wellington hoagies from Provence Breads & Café—outside the Parthenon, the world’s only full-scale replica of the Greek landmark. Step inside the Parthenon afterward—it’s filled with 19th and 20th century American art—to see why Nashville also placed in the top 20 for its cultural chops.
No. 15 Austin
Summers in Austin get plenty warm—which makes a picnic at Barton Springs at Zilker Park especially appealing, since you can always cool off in the 68-degree water. To dine in the cool shade of the city’s top-20 art scene, take your lunch to the sculpture garden at art museum Laguna Gloria. Austin also made the top 20 for it gourmet grocery stores, like the expansive Central Market (which many locals prefer to Whole Foods) or salumeria Salt and Time. To blend in well with the resident nerds—Austin ranked at No. 4 for geeks—you can’t go wrong with a picnic of subs from local favorite Thundercloud.
No. 14 Philadelphia
Survey voters may have appreciated Philly more for its buildings than its green spaces, but that may make those parks even more blissful, away from the crowds: the rocky Wissahickon Gorge in Fairmount Park, for instance, has been declared an Important Birding Area by the Audubon Society, so you can enjoy chirping chickadees and cardinals while you lunch. And lunch in the top 10 city for pizza and street food offers countless options: A good area to focus on these days is East Passyunk—from the breads, fresh mozzarella, and cherries at Green Aisle Grocery to the artisan pizzas at Birra and Brigantessa. The neighborhood also has a different kind of musical outdoor setting: the singing fountain, which broadcasts everything from Sinatra to contemporary pop. Otherwise, readers’ favorite fields in Philly feature scoreboards: the locals placed at No. 5 for their sports passion.
No. 13 Honolulu
A nice shade tree is one thing, but you’ll find “Exceptional Trees”—two canopied monkey pod trees and one spiritually-charged bodhi tree—at this Hawaiian city’s Moanalua Gardens, which has been preserving such trees since the 1970s. To watch the waves while you lunch, go to Waimea Bay, a prime surf spot during the winter, and a calm spot for swimming during the summer. For a local feast, pack a portable poke seafood salad, like the colorful mixes from Tanioka’s, Alicia’s Market or Tamura’s (the latter has been around for four generations). A high-protein picnic lunch will keep you moving: Honolulu also ranked near the top of the survey for adventure.
No. 12 Portland, Oregon
Despite the often drippy weather, Portland still has prime ingredients for excellent picnic culture: lush parks, creative cuisine (it ranks No. 2 for food trucks) and free-spirited locals. In fact, the city even has its own Portland Picnic Society, which organizes regular outdoor feasts around the city. If you picnic on your own, though, two excellent locales are Mt. Tabor—a dormant dome volcano with nice views of the city—and grassy Cathedral Park, which sits at the foot of St. John’s Bridge on the Willamette River (it’s so nice, Lewis and Clark reportedly camped on the site in 1806). The explorers, however, did not have the benefit of the city’s creative take-out options, like the meatball banh mi sandwiches at Lardo, which also sells growlers of the city’s highly-ranked craft beer.
No. 11 San Francisco
In this NorCal city, picking your real estate—even for a picnic—is all about the view, and the Presidio offer photo ops of San Francisco Bay, Alcatraz Island and the Golden Gate Bridge. Come on Sunday afternoon or Thursday evening and you can get your meal from the Off the Grid food trucks, like the brunchy Benedict Arnold’s, the Vietnamese Little Green Cyclo or the Crème Brulee Cart. To lower your chances of fog, spread your blanket at Fort Baker, near the northern end of the Golden Gate Bridge, which tends to stay sunny while offering views of the Bay. To honor the city’s good ranking for brunch, stock your picnic basket with a popular Rebel Within muffin—featuring a soft-boiled egg in the center— from Craftsman and Wolves in the Mission District.
No. 10 Houston
While summer temperatures in this Texas hub may have you looking for shade and a breeze, Houston still impressed readers with its picnic-friendly gourmet markets and deep wine selection (you can find both at Revival Market). The best new picnic spot is Buffalo Bayou Park, near the spot where the city was founded in 1836, which now has pedestrian bridges and canoeing trails. Houston also ranked at No. 5 for its world-class art—like the Menil Collection, which has a picnic-magnet lawn, and the promise of air-conditioned bliss afterward, as you look at the Byzantine and Surrealist art inside. Its Museum District location also means you can pick up some portable sliders from Little Bigs, a representative of the city’s No. 5 ranking for burgers.
No. 9 Kansas City
A day of art mixes nicely with a picnic in this Missouri city, which ranked at No. 7 for museums and No. 1 for affordability. There’s Penn Valley Park, which lies next to the free-admission National WWI Museum, or the Hall Sculpture Park at the also-free Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, where you can feast in the shadows of the iconic, 18-foot Shuttlecock. In mid-July, the Nelson-Atkins even hosts a big picnic on the lawn, where diners can participate in a living-quilt installation. To pack a meal with the nation’s top-ranked barbecue, get some brisket mac ’n’ cheese from Broadway Butcher Shop or sausages from The Local Pig— like those made with bourbon-apple, goat chorizo or local burnt ends.
No. 8 Tampa
This Florida city exudes a serene vibe to readers, who ranked it highly for feeling clean and peaceful, and for having nice parks—many with water views. In fact, you can even picnic on the water: local operator eBoats lets you bring your basket and captain a boat on Tampa Bay or Hillsborough River. But for many travelers, just sitting next to the water is enough: Water Works Park, on the northern tip of the Tampa Riverwalk, has a bandshell, old oak trees and possible sightings of dolphins and manatees. To complement the view, pick up a Beef Martini sandwich (rare roast beef with bacon and white-wine-marinated mushrooms) from Wright’s Gourmet Café. For a local beverage, pick up some Florida Cracker Belgian-style White Ale from hot craft beermaker Cigar City Brewing.
No. 7 New Orleans
New Orleans always charms readers with its lovely architecture and festival atmosphere, but it secured its lock on the picnic top 10 by winning the survey for sandwiches. For an excellent po’ boy, go to Parkway Bakery and Tavern or Killer Poboys, but if you want a classic muffaletta, head to Central Grocery on Decatur Street, which is credited with making the first olive-laden indulgence. Once you’re armed with your sammie of choice, take it to moss-canopied City Park, or to Crescent Park, which sits on the Mississippi River with lovely views of downtown. The city also ranked at No. 1 for fascinating people-watching.
No. 6 Charleston
Perhaps because the South Carolina city ranked at No. 2 for relaxing getaways, Charleston excels in picnic-friendly settings: you can get harbor views from Waterfront Park, or see Castle Pinckney from White Point Garden, along the Battery. As a top five city for fine dining, Charleston doesn’t take any shortcuts in its lunch options, either: Caviar & Bananas has duck-confit paninis and Creole white fish sushi, while Queen Street Grocery—a corner store that’s been around since 1922—offers sweet and savory crepes (including a chicken-and-waffles crepe called the Dashing Ashley). In accordance, the locals also ranked at No. 3 for being pretty.
No. 5 Providence
The Rhode Island capital ranked at No. 6 in the survey for historic charm, and one of the most popular picnic spots embraces the city’s beginnings: the 435-acre Roger Williams Park, named for the city’s founder, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and has more than 100 acres of ponds. If you want a soundtrack for your picnic—Providence made the top 10 for live music—go to Waterplace Park, along the Woonasquatucket River, where you can hear free concerts on summer Friday nights. Otherwise, readers’ favorite activity in Providence was chowing down, ranking it in the top 10 for pizza, bakeries and brunch. For a locally authentic basket, pick up some Italian sandwiches from Venda Ravioli in Federal Hill.
No. 4 Atlanta
Thanks to the ever-expanding BeltLine project along an old railroad corridor, the city’s picnic-ready green spaces are only getting better. The Historic Fourth Ward Park, for instance, is one of the first completed parks along the BeltLine–and it sits conveniently behind food hall Ponce City Market, which is about to get a branch of the renowned cheeseburger purveyor Holeman and Finch (Atlanta ranked in the top 10 for burgers). For dessert, stop by Alon’s in Morningside, which has won awards for its sold-by-the-pound cookies, like the chocolate chip pecan or Krakovskis: an almond cookie topped with raspberry preserves. With their flair for colorful accents, Atlantans also made the top 10 for fashion sense.
No. 3 Los Angeles
While Los Angeles boasts a long coastline of beach-picnic locales—from Redondo Beach (pick up a sub at Rinaldi’s) to Venice and Santa Monica, where you can take out from Tacos Por Favor—Los Angeles also impressed readers with its picnic-ready concerts. Maybe you’re listening to live jazz on Friday evenings while eating outside LACMA, or getting a gourmet basket from Patina before a show at the Hollywood Bowl. Readers also applauded Angelenos for their elegant (if perhaps snooty) taste: you can join them for a refined picnic at Hollywood’s Barnsdall Art Park (home of Frank Lloyd Wright’s Hollyhock House), which does Friday night wine tastings during the summer.
No. 2 San Diego.
No. 1 Albuquerque
With its fresh mountain air, farmer’s-market cuisine and mellow ambience—the city ranked at No. 5 for peace and quiet—Albuquerque topped the list for blissful picnics. At Downtown Growers’ Market, for instance, you can fill your basket with fresh fruit and plenty of local flavors, like burritos from Java Joe’s or green-chile bacon quiches from New Mexico Pie Company. After that, you don't even have to walk far: the center of the market has a park area, often featuring live music. To dine al fresco at a higher elevation (like 6,500 feet), go to the Elena Gallegos Picnic Area, which has hiking trails, pinon-juniper trees, and views of the Sandia (meaning “watermelon”) Mountains. To pick up a local vintage first—Albuquerque also ranked in the top 10 for wine—stop by centuries-old Casa Rondena Winery.Bespoke Furniture Maker West Sussex
Mat Hibbert Designs
THE SCISSOR SHED
The Scissor shed project was a very exciting collaboration with a hair salon based in Chichester.
They wanted something truly individual, not just another standard hair salon. what we came up with was a design that was clean, sharp and modern but totally unique to cater to the taste of their clientele. We decided to incorporate some beautiful curved stringing that gave the other wise sterile edges of all the furniture hearts and life. The stringing not only played on the idea of hair shapes but also created a
striking architectural look.
For more information on transforming you shop or any commercial space please get in touch.Today, 1 year ago… (and band updates!)
Today, 1 year ago… Do you remember what happened? Of course you do. The Invisible was born! It seems yesterday, really, but it’s nice to see how far our third child has traveled. To celebrate this day, we have new promo-packs available on our Official Store, new products combinations for you to save money, plus […]Photos by Adam Ryan Morris
Aug. 24 was a picture-perfect Milwaukee Friday. The sun was out, temps were in the mid-80s, and the rain stayed away. But for Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm, a shadow would soon be cast.
Across the concrete plaza that stretches from the County Safety Building housing Chisholm’s office to the Milwaukee County Courthouse, a Circuit Court jury of 12 men and women were hearing the political corruption case against former Milwaukee County Board member Johnny Thomas. After deliberating for less than 90 minutes, they returned their verdict.
Not guilty.
An hour later, Chisholm was remarkably calm, even matter-of-fact.
“I just got my butt handed to me,” he said, a wry half-smile playing about his lips.
The sangfroid of the moment was pure John Chisholm. No grousing about the jurors. No railing at the defense lawyer. Indeed, just after getting the verdict, he had telephoned Thomas’ attorney, Craig Mastantuono, with congratulations. And no second-guessing his decision to bring the shocking bribery charges against Thomas in the first place.
It fits the low-key, stoic style that Chisholm has brought to the job since he was first elected Milwaukee County DA in 2006. Although re-elected in November without opposition, Chisholm has been the least-visible of Milwaukee’s top elected officials. Now, he’s turned into the still, quiet eye in the center of a series of gathering storms. He’ll need that cool, calm, even wooden demeanor like never before.
There was the Thomas case and its deflating outcome. But that’s little more than a footnote. In September, Chisholm went before reporters with Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn and took the rare step of asking an outside prosecutor to take a second look at the July 2011 death of Derek Williams, a burglary suspect. Williams died in the back of a squad car from an apparent sickle cell crisis, gasping for breath.
Then, only a few weeks later, Chisholm and the police chief once again stood in the glare of TV lights – this time announcing the misconduct arrests of four police officers accused of illegal strip searches and rectal probes of criminal suspects. On that Oct. 9 day, the district attorney’s face was stony, his eyes so deeply set in his skull, he looked almost cadaverous. His voice was stony, too, as he summarized, with little trace of emotion and an almost bone-dry precision, the decisions his office had made in choosing how to frame the case.
“We took complaints from dozens and dozens of people and followed up on each and every one of those,” the DA said. “The charges that are reflected in the complaint today are the strongest evidentiary charges that we want to present right now.”
But one investigation has shone the brightest media spotlight on Chisholm. For more than two years, prosecutors under Chisholm’s command have been combing through Gov. Scott Walker’s tenure as Milwaukee County executive in a wide-ranging secret John Doe investigation. The probe has already produced criminal charges against six people, convictions of five, and incarcerations for two, with more expected.
Yet, in cases where the spotlight shines brightest, reality has sometimes been deeply distorted. Like so much else in these times of intense political polarization, the Walker investigation has spawned images of two fundamentally different universes.
On the left, Walker’s critics gleefully predict the governor’s downfall any day now. On the right, his champions point out that he’s not been charged with any crimes. Walker has stated publicly that he’s been told the investigation is not targeting him – a claim his opponents are unwilling to believe. For all the bravado of the governor’s critics, his allies are just as confident he will not merely survive, but thrive.
Conservative Republicans who back the governor, from talk-radio hosts to self-styled media watchdogs, have positioned the entire criminal probe as nothing more than naked politics. Chisholm, they note darkly, is a Democrat; the investigation, they insist, is nothing more than a partisan witch hunt, with Chisholm carrying water, in the words of Conservative Digest publisher Bob Dohnal, “to help his buddy Tom Barrett.”
Dohnal made the confident assertion last spring, not long before Milwaukee’s mayor lost to Walker a second time. That June recall election capped the long, fruitless campaign to oust the governor. But there are two problems with perceptions like Dohnal’s.
The first and most obvious is that the vote came and went without charges against the governor, despite the dire predictions of Walker’s supporters.
But that’s no surprise to the people who have known and worked with Chisholm over the last two decades. Because, more fundamentally, the other problem with the right’s Machiavellian caricature is that none of Chisholm’s large network of supporters see anything like him in it.
What they see instead is a relentlessly earnest and nonpartisan public official, regardless of his party label. Not a conniving prosecutor willing to indict the proverbial ham sandwich, but a sober student of history who wants to see law enforcement pay as much attention to prevention as to prosecution.
Chisholm shrugs off the attacks of Walker’s cheerleaders as the work of “propagandists.” “I don’t make decisions on whether a person’s a Democrat or a Republican or an independent,” he says. “I make decisions on whether I can prove a case beyond a reasonable doubt.”
Now, as the DA’s visibility rises, his viability, credibility and long-term survival will depend upon whether the independence he’s been praised for holds up in the media glare.
John Chisholm embodies unexpected contrasts.
The Milwaukee County prosecutor is at once a quiet man and a restless one, and he appears to have been so his whole life. A child of relative privilege, he detoured from what could have been a lucrative medical career into the least-glamorous branch of military service: the Army. At 6 feet, 6 inches tall, Chisholm has the long, lean frame of a basketball player. He played on two championship high school hoops teams, but in sports, his greatest love was football, playing tackle at Marquette University High School. (“I had about 40 more pounds on me back then.”) Later, after attaining a black belt in taekwondo, he was known to work out even when injured; yet a law school classmate recalls him foremost as “a gentle giant.”
Mentored by Milwaukee County’s longest-serving DA, E. Michael McCann, Chisholm counts among his friends and professional allies defense lawyers and social workers as well as prosecutors. As a politician, his admirers see him as a role model for effective, responsible and responsive public service who could teach state lawmakers how to get beyond caustic partisan warfare. Yet he shows no inclination to seek higher office.
“I think most politicians aren’t actually interested in actually solving problems – they don’t want to get their hands dirty,” says Gary Mueller, who operates pro-bono advertising firm Serve Marketing and enlisted Chisholm a few years ago to help with a series of anti-violence campaigns. “He looks at the root cause of problems and tries to get ahead of them.”
Mimi Carter of the National Institute of Corrections works with the Milwaukee County DA’s office, which uses a grant from her agency to study “evidence-based decision-making” in the criminal justice system.
“John is a person who is vision-driven, collaborative and progressive,” Carter says. “He works exceptionally well with his justice system partners and stakeholders to understand the needs of the Milwaukee County community and strategize how best to achieve them. He is not afraid to explore innovative approaches if they offer the promise of more effective outcomes.”
Leaning forward at a conference table in his office, Chisholm describes the approach.
“We have an obligation to be more than just case processors,” he says. “We’re not just an assembly line that takes problems that occur out in the community, then funnels people into a system, and then just keeps moving them along like a conveyor belt.”
Too often, he says, the conveyor belt leads to jail or prison, back to freedom, and then right back to a cell again.
“The role of a prosecutor is evolving,” he continues. “More and more prosecutors are beginning to understand that their role now is one of being directly engaged with the community and helping the community solve problems. To do that means you have to step outside the traditional boundaries of the courthouse and understand that the reasons people come into our system are multifaceted – and they generally have to be addressed in a comprehensive way.”
Chisholm has taken such an expansive view of the role his office can play in reducing crime that he’s reached out to groups well outside the criminal justice system.
“I don’t think he views his job solely as prosecuting people and putting them in jail,” says Dan Bader, president of the Helen Bader Foundation. “I think he views his job as, ‘How do I help people live a productive life, given the tools that I have?’”
Former Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Janine Geske says Chisholm is a collaborative leader who has become a national role model in his field. “He’s the epitome of good government,” says Geske, now at Marquette University. “He’s very present throughout the community, but he doesn’t try to grab headlines or promote himself.”
For Chisholm, the numbers act as proof that the approach is working – reduced domestic violence homicides, a homicide conviction rate of about 98 percent and reduced incarceration. “We’ve got 3,000 fewer people in the Wisconsin prison system from Milwaukee than we had five or six years ago,” he says. “That’s a success story because the violent crime rate hasn’t exploded.”
Yet those success stories don’t get as much attention.
“There’s a narrative of progress that needs to be talked about in this city that people are reluctant to talk about sometimes,” Chisholm says. “I don’t understand that.”[PAGE]
For the first several years of his tenure, Chisholm worked largely under the radar. The flurry of recent attention has changed that. But it hasn’t changed Chisholm’s style.
Take, for example, the Walker investigation. Since the probe’s launch back in May 2010, five aides or associates of the governor and former Milwaukee County executive have pleaded guilty or been convicted of various crimes: illegal campaign contributions, embezzlement from a veterans’ fund, doing political work on county time. Sentences have ranged from probation to two years in prison. Along the way, court hearings revealed a secret computer network in the county offices that Walker’s county staff used to raise campaign funds for Walker and then-state Rep. Brett Davis, who sought the lieutenant governor’s seat in 2010. And at the November sentencing of former Walker aide Kelly Rindfleisch, prosecutor Bruce Landgraf unveiled emails that indicated operatives running Walker’s campaign for governor were directly influencing the policies coming out of the county executive’s office.
As these details have surfaced, Chisholm and his staff have been circumspect in discussing them, despite accusations of leaks from the DA’s office. The details that have come out have been presented in open court or entered in the public record. Prosecutors have been tight-lipped otherwise.
Or consider the aftermath of the Johnny Thomas case. Chisholm’s December 2011 move to charge Thomas with accepting a bribe from a potential county contractor – in what was really an undercover sting operation – cut short Thomas’ Milwaukee city comptroller campaign. The charge astounded the community. The Thomas acquittal was, in its own way, just as breathtaking. Yet despite the Thomas loss, Chisholm isn’t second-guessing his decision to bring the case.
He also firmly rejects speculation that his aggressive pursuit of the Walker investigation forced him to move forward against Thomas, a Democrat, to avoid accusations of a partisan fix. Instead, he says, he relied solely on the facts that surfaced in the investigation – and notes that not all of them made it to the courtroom. And the DA responds to these questions matter-of-factly, without becoming defensive.
He has shown a similar spirit when confronted with the Milwaukee County Medical Examiner’s office ruling that Derek Williams’ death in the back of a police car was a homicide. Earlier, Chisholm had followed the ME’s ruling that the death was due to natural causes. With that now called into question, he decided it would be improper to take the question up again himself because his earlier conclusions could taint the findings. So he asked retired Judge John Franke to sign on as a special prosecutor and conduct a new, independent investigation.
The recent allegations of police misconduct in the strip-search case presented Chisholm with a different dilemma. Eager to make sure that the investigation proceeded without risking the appearance of a prosecution or police cover-up, prosecutors arranged interviews with the alleged victims at the DA’s office rather than the police station. Additionally, every person who complained – regardless of criminal record – was taken seriously and treated respectfully in the investigation, Chisholm says.
In each of these situations, Chisholm and his office have been spared serious criticism, though as the Williams story unfolded, a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel piece took the DA to task for scaling back death inquests in contrast to his predecessor. Still, it’s perhaps a measure of how much credibility and personal capital Chisholm has earned throughout the community that he’s yet to find himself in the crosshairs of too many angry colleagues (Sheriff David Clarke being one notable detractor). Or, for that matter, angry voters.
Criticism, however, did come in 2010 over his expanded deferred prosecution program. The Journal Sentinel published a story by Watchdog team members Ben Poston and Dan Bice on instances in which offenders who were enrolled in the deferred program went on to commit more – and more serious – crimes. They also found some participants whose original crimes appeared to fall short of the standard for the program: a few violent or even repeat offenders.
“The series was intended to provide public accountability for an increasingly popular program by investigating specific cases that may have been resolved in a manner that ran counter to state law or the guidelines drafted by District Attorney John Chisholm and his staff,” Bice says. He notes that the piece included a 10-paragraph passage quoting Chisholm and Deputy DA Jeff Altenburg’s defense of the program’s success.
Still, the prosecutor’s supporters say the newspaper investigation cherry-picked cases that were exceptions in an otherwise effective program. “I thought it was unfair,” says Jeffrey Kremers, Milwaukee County Circuit Court’s chief judge. “From the data that I have seen, John and the courts are making very good decisions about who should get the benefit of that kind of opportunity and who should not.” Chisholm, Kremers says, “has been visionary in his use of early-intervention strategies to deal with small problems and low-risk individuals before they become high-risk individuals and big problems.”
Chisholm’s quiet restlessness may be the one constant on the circuitous path that has led him where he is today.
Born at Milwaukee’s St. Joseph Hospital in 1963 to Dr. Donald Chisholm and his wife, Sandra – a nursing student at Marquette University when the couple met – John grew up thinking he would go into medicine, too. The Chisholms raised their eight children (seven born to the couple, one adopted) in Menomonee Falls and then Elm Grove. Solid Catholics, they put most of their kids through parochial schools.
John Chisholm got his diploma from Marquette University High School, spent two years at St. John’s University in Minnesota, then came back home to transfer to Marquette University. He enrolled as pre-med, majoring in English literature with a minor in chemistry.
For as long as anyone could remember, he was going to take up the trade of his father: a general practice doctor turned ophthalmologist who once joked that he had so many patients, they would fill the stands at Lambeau Field.
Then came John’s medical college admission test – the MCAT. As Chisholm put the final pencil marks on the exam paper, “it hit me.” The future, once so cheerfully inevitable, turned leaden. “I thought to myself, ‘OK, you’re going to be going to medical school,’” Chisholm says. Four more years in classrooms. Another four years – maybe even more – of internship and residency. The very certainty of what lay ahead turned from comforting to a prison from which he suddenly yearned to break free. “I wanted to do something right then.”
On a whim, the 21-year-old walked over to the Marquette Field House, where the university’s Army Reserve Officer Training Corps had its office. “It was a time of great uncertainty,” Chisholm says. “I felt I had something to offer. I had no deep understanding of what military service was like. I wanted that experience.”
The ROTC captain told him he was too late, as a junior, to enter the program but suggested he audit military classes and apply to the Army’s Officer Candidate School after graduation. He did and now calls OCS, when it comes to leadership studies, “better than any course you will ever take at the Harvard Business School.” Commissioned as a lieutenant, he was assigned to the infantry and eventually sent to the Korean peninsula to patrol the demilitarized zone between South and North.
When the Berlin Wall fell and the Cold War ended, the military reduced ranks and Chisholm decided against re-enlisting. He considered returning to medicine but decided to try law school at the suggestion of a sister who’s also in the field. He enrolled in the University of Wisconsin-Madison’s Law School in the fall of 1991. But he almost didn’t stay.
“I had a tough time that first semester,” Chisholm says. He was older than many of his classmates and had just married that August. His wife, Colleen, took a job at an
elementary school in nearby Verona. The days she spent teaching, he sat in lecture halls.
“In the Army, you’re given a lot of discretion, you’re given a lot of control, and you have a very focused mission,” he says. “Now I’m back in the purely academic setting – it struck me as all theoretical and abstract. I wanted to get back to doing something.”
But what? He asked Walter Dickey, his first-semester criminal law professor. “He told me he was thinking about becoming an FBI agent,” Dickey says. “I told him, ‘Forget that.’ He should become a prosecutor.”
Dickey’s class was a huge lecture divided into smaller groups of a dozen or so students, each directed by an assistant faculty member. Michele LaVigne was in charge of Chisholm’s criminal law small group. “John had the most remarkable sense of how things really are,” she says. “He saw underneath the written word in the case law. He really understood human beings.” In class, “He was always the source of, ‘Wait a minute – can’t we look at it this way? In real life, doesn’t it really work this way?’ That was so refreshing.”
With her encouragement, he enrolled in a summer clinical program providing legal help to prisoners. His clients were maximum-security inmates at Waupun Correctional Institution. “I just jumped into it with both feet,” Chisholm says. “I absolutely loved the experience. I spent more time on that clinical program than I spent on my classes themselves.”
A fellow student in the clinical program, Miles Lindner, entered law school straight out of college and was several years younger than Chisholm, but they had in common that they were Marquette High grads. “He was a guy I looked up to,” says Lindner, now a personal injury attorney in Milwaukee. “A guy who took me under his wing.”
Their prison clients mostly needed routine legal representation with child-support actions, divorce cases and the like. Chisholm also handled a couple of criminal case appeals for inmates. In one such case, the appeals court published the decision – a sign that the justices found it important enough to set a legal precedent. “He was a lot more diligent than I was,” Lindner says. “He’s got tremendous conviction, will and passion.”
Chisholm’s athletic background stoked a quiet but fierce competitive streak. Yet that competitive ember was well-hidden. More visible was “a caring, kind-hearted guy who would lend a helping hand at any time,” Lindner says. “He’s a gentle giant – and yet, obviously, one tough S.O.B.”
Although he’d enjoyed some success in class, Chisholm still was unclear on a postgraduation direction. Then one day, a guest speaker came to class: Milwaukee County DA E. Michael McCann.
The summer right before classes began saw the arrest of notorious Milwaukee serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer, who murdered 17 young men and engaged in ritual cannibalism with their remains. McCann’s office was preparing Dahmer’s prosecution. The law students, Chisholm included, were primed for an hour of war stories about the case in all its grisly and garish detail.
“He never said a word about the Dahmer case,” Chisholm recalls in a tone that suggests appreciation rather than disappointment. “He talked about the role of a prosecutor in creating a more just community, the special obligation that judges had, and the critical role of the defense attorney – in an admiring and respectful way.
“He wasn’t making a pitch, ‘I want you all to become prosecutors.’ He was saying, ‘I want you to become lawyers that are concerned about justice.’”
At last, Chisholm knew what he could do with a law degree.[PAGE]
In John’s second summer of law school, the Chisholms decamped to Rhinelander, where John took a paid internship in the Oneida County District Attorney’s Office. After working under then-DA Patrick O’Melia, handling everything from traffic cases to jury trials, “I knew I wanted to be a prosecutor.”
He applied to every DA’s office in the state, and when a deputy prosecutor from Milwaukee County – his first choice – interviewed him, he turned to his defense law mentor, Michele LaVigne, for a recommendation.
“The DA’s office was a perfect fit for him,” LaVigne says. “He is everything that you want in a prosecutor. He understood the complexities of the human beings involved – that defendants aren’t cardboard, that victims aren’t cardboard, that communities aren’t statistics.”
Going to work at the Milwaukee County DA’s Office right after graduation in 1994 was like trying to take a drink from a fire hose. Crime had started rising in the late 1980s and was at its peak; the rookie would walk into court with more than a hundred case files on a given day. “You just started plowing through them,” Chisholm says. “You were surrounded by 10 cops, 10 witnesses, 10 defense attorneys and 10 defendants, and you were doing triage – literally. My first year, I did in excess of 25 jury trials. It was an incredibly high volume of work.”
Kelli Thompson was just starting in the Milwaukee County branch of the State Public Defender’s Office back then. “John was a good assistant prosecutor to go up against,” she says. “He always knew the facts very well. He wouldn’t necessarily give me what I would want as a deal. But he was always ready to listen, always respectful of my clients.”
Thompson, daughter of four-term Republican Gov. Tommy Thompson, has risen to become head of the State Public Defender’s Office. She adds: “John’s someone you can disagree with without being disagreeable.”
Chisholm graduated to felony drug prosecutions and then was made a supervisor. In 1999, McCann tapped him to lead a new unit to prosecute gun crime. The goal was to bring down the number of homicides in the city – still more than 100 a year, after having peaked at 168 in 1991. The gun unit, as it was quickly termed, worked with the U.S. attorney’s office and city police on a stream of high-profile cases that went to federal court. They locked up Jamaican drug dealers, Latin Kings gang members and the infamous Michael Lock, the preacher, drug dealer, pimp, mortgage fraudster and killer now serving life in prison after a series of federal convictions.
In 2005, McCann, having served for nearly four decades as DA, announced he would not run for another two-year term. Chisholm and colleagues wondered what would happen next. Co-workers feared an outsider might “politicize the place” and urged Chisholm to consider running. Still, that step “was very difficult,” he says. Except for helping a buddy with a leaflet drop for McCann in high school, Chisholm had no experience in politics – and no political aspiration. When he asked his wife, he remembers her saying, “You already work seven days a week. If you really believe this strongly in it, you should try to implement the things you believe in.”
He decided to run. Given Milwaukee’s heavily Democratic cast, it’s unsurprising that apolitical Chisholm went with the majority party. But he says it was an appropriate fit on the merits. He was grateful for Democratic Sen. Herb Kohl’s use of Congressional earmarks to steer federal money to the DA’s office. He’d worked with lawmakers in both parties on policy questions but says his priorities – tackling disparities in prosecution, reducing incarceration without compromising safety, strengthening domestic violence laws and prosecution – seemed more aligned with the Democrats.
There was one notable departure: Like McCann, another Catholic, Chisholm firmly opposes abortion. “But I made it pretty clear that my position on life actually informed my commitment to doing this job the right way,” he says. “I was opposed to the death penalty for the same reason, and I also value individual victims for the same reason – regardless of their age, or background, or their prior history.”
Preparing for the race, Chisholm cultivated support across the legal community, including in the defense bar. “That was something I hadn’t seen before,” says Craig Mastantuono, a defense lawyer for some 20 years. “I hadn’t seen prosecutors who felt the need to have outside input.”
He assembled a kitchen cabinet that cut across the legal community and tapped other professionals whose work intersected with the criminal justice system to think through policy stances.
“We used to have these talks all the time about how prosecuting cases was like making sausages – they’d just churn ’em out, but they weren’t reducing crime at all. He’s a real geek when it comes to criminal justice policy,” Mastantuono says. “It was give and take. There were a lot of things that we didn’t agree on and worked through, things we didn’t agree on that we put aside.”
But they also explored areas where they could agree, such as how to better divert first-time offenders from being sent to jail when alternatives might be a better fit.
The 2006 election, Chisholm’s first, marked the only time he’s faced opposition. That year, he beat Democratic primary rival, former Ald. Larraine McNamara-McGraw, by a 2-to-1 margin, and in November, he also bested independent candidate Lew Wasserman, a defense attorney, with about two-thirds of the vote. When Chisholm ran again two years later – this time for a four-year term
instituted by a state constitutional amendment – and again in November 2012, he had no challengers.
Not long after Chisholm took office, he sought out Dan Bader, among others, to talk strategy. “It was certainly proactive on his part,” Bader says.
What continues to stand out about Chisholm is “his understanding that no one entity can really root out crime,” says Carmen Pitre, co-executive director for the Sojourner Family Peace Center, an agency that helps victims of domestic violence. “It’s really a partnership, and John embodies that spirit of partnership.”
Once upon a time, the prosecutor’s job seemed to have a simple mission: Catch the bad guys, convict them in court, and put them away.
The flaw in that theory, Chisholm says, is that it’s basically inefficient. The people who wind up in court on the wrong side of the law aren’t all the same. They belong to two completely different groups.
There are the hard-core criminals. Robbers. Rapists. Gunmen. Killers. “The people who scare us,” Chisholm says. “I don’t need to know a whole lot about that person to know they’re going to have to be prosecuted aggressively.” But Chisholm says that’s no more than 20 percent of the caseload.
Then there’s the rest: “The people who habitually irritate us,” he says. “The other 75 to 80 percent of our caseload, people that are oftentimes mentally ill, drug-addicted, alcohol-addicted, youthful offenders, and people just making really bad, short-term decisions that result in repeated contacts with law enforcement.”
It’s not that you don’t prosecute them, Chisholm says, but if they’re prosecuted with no regard to their individual circumstances, they develop extensive records and become unemployable.
“The system’s really been designed to treat every individual as a discrete incident and not look at it from the big picture, from a more holistic standpoint of why is this person here, and what could have been done to prevent them from coming into this system in the first place?”
By taking a close look, Chisholm says, it becomes clear that defendants and victims are often connected. “Crime tends to be concentrated, not just in the same geographic areas, but the same related groups of individuals. The vast majority of resources are really spent on a relatively small group of people. That’s both the challenge and, I would argue, also the hope of taking different approaches to solving crime.”
So the prosecutor’s job becomes a lot more complex. It’s not just about locking up bad guys, Chisholm says. It’s about reducing crime and improving communities.
Chisholm’s experience in the gun unit led him to that realization. “I quickly realized that it wasn’t going to be done just by cops and county prosecutors and courts.”
Enter Dr. Stephen Hargarten – an emergency room physician who founded the Firearms Injury Center at the Medical College of Wisconsin with a federal grant in the 1990s. Hargarten and colleagues collected gun-
related injury data as public health specialists, and mined law enforcement and hospital reports for larger trends and patterns. And he pushed back against conventional wisdom.
Take gun “buy-back” programs – bounties the city offered in the ’90s for every firearm turned in, intended to get weapons off the street.
“When we looked at the kinds of guns being collected, compared with the kind of guns being linked to homicides and suicides, there was no linkage,” Hargarten says. Buy-back programs harvested cheap, small-caliber weapons, often long unused – and did little to reduce the weapons of choice on the street. “It’s not the .22-caliber revolver” that criminals are using to maim and kill, the doctor says. “It’s the 9 mm automatic pistol – those are the ones you should be going after.”
As a deputy DA, Chisholm joined the injury center’s advisory committee and adopted Hargarten’s broader, systemic analysis: “We were going to have to do more than just identify the bad guys and pull them off the street,” the prosecutor says.
“It was certainly refreshing,” Hargarten says. Chisholm “is the kind of guy who’s open to these kind of things. He’s open to a broader approach.”
It’s an approach Chisholm has gone full-bore on since becoming DA. It’s also very much in sync with Police Chief Ed Flynn’s mission: getting closer to the street level where crime is occurring, getting to know the people who live in those neighborhoods and analyzing data to help crime-prevention strategies. “It’s very helpful to have trained assistant DAs who have learned to speak community-policing language and who can translate it for prosecuting DAs,” Flynn says. “John is a nice combination of youth, enthusiasm and a willingness to try new things.”
New things have included being more willing to expand deferred prosecution and following through on those pre-election chat sessions. Deferred prosecution entails giving first-time offenders in nonviolent crimes an opportunity to cleanse their records if they are willing to be held accountable through other means. That may include undergoing addiction treatment, making restitution to victims or providing community service.
Chisholm has also expanded a program, one started under McCann, that assigns community prosecutors to work directly out of district police stations, where they get to know both the particular crime problems and the personalities – good and bad – in the community. He’s taken the basic idea further, assigning two prosecutors to work full time in the Milwaukee Public Schools.
The MPS prosecutors, Chisholm says, aren’t for routine prosecution of crimes in schools. Their job is to head off the behaviors that could lead to those crimes – from truancy to bullying to violence or drug use – behavior that “creates an environment where kids don’t want to be there,” he says. “If you look at it only as, that’s an MPS administrator’s problem, or the police problem, or the parent’s problem… No. It’s everybody’s
problem, and it’s the kids’ problem themselves.”
The school prosecutors sort which incidents merit full-blown prosecution and which can be handled through other means. They meet with staff and students, teaching them about restorative justice – the concept of those who did wrong making things right for the victim instead of simply being punished.
“The end result is not to exclude the kid from school,” Chisholm says. “The end result is to restore the victim to where they were before, hold the offender accountable, and to have the other students engage in that process as well and act as facilitators for that.”
How stable are our neighborhoods? Are we reducing violent crime? Are we sustaining civic institutions that enhance the daily life of the people who are living there? Those are Chisholm’s questions. And the answers serve as a sort of performance evaluation for the prosecutor.
“If you measure your success by the number of convictions, you’re not addressing the problems of the community itself,” he says.
None of this, he emphasizes, means shirking from cracking down on the hard-core people. And it doesn’t mean letting the rest off the hook.
“The people who scare us, let’s get them off the street and keep them off the street. The people who irritate us – let’s get them to change their behavior so they don’t victimize more people and chew up more resources.”
But there is one big skeptical voice inside the local criminal justice system, and it belongs to Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke. He dismisses Chisholm’s emphasis on strategies like deferred prosecution as “social engineering experiments,” the product of a naive notion that “career criminals can be turned around by some boondoggle social program.” He says Chisholm has gone soft since his days prosecuting violent drug felons, when Clarke was captain of the Milwaukee Police intelligence division and the MPD’s coordinator for the joint city-state-federal crackdowns on gun crimes.
“I like John Chisholm,” Clarke says. “He was every cop’s dream when it came to charging career criminals in gun cases. But not so much anymore. Now, there’s too much of a reliance on deferred prosecution, alternatives to incarceration or community sanctions. We’re polar opposites now when it comes to how to approach criminal behavior. I see a lot coming out of his office where the prosecutor’s office is acting like a public defender’s office.”
Yet despite such different perspectives, Clarke stops well short of the scathing attacks he’s lobbed at other officials, from Flynn to Milwaukee County Board members. And while highly critical of the Walker probe, the sheriff doesn’t see partisan motives in Chisholm’s pursuit: “John’s a straight-shooter.”
“We don’t have a contentious relationship,” Chisholm says. “I believe that his role is every bit as important as my role. He’s often described his role as, he’s just a cop. He sees things in black and white, right is right, wrong is wrong, and he limits what he thinks his role is to that. I think he’s got a much bigger responsibility than that. He’s obviously a smart guy – he’s gone to more professional schools than can be counted. I think he could have a stronger voice in addressing problems in the community than just criticizing it.”
But Chisholm says Clarke’s right on the money about one point. “I have changed,” the district attorney admits.
Years before he was elected, in his days of leading the gun unit, one of his assistant DAs, Jeff Altenburg, broke the news that he was leaving the unit to become McCann’s first community prosecutor. “I did not react to it well,” Chisholm says, laughing in self-recognition. “I wasn’t gracious about it. I gave the same lines that often get thrown back at me now – ‘What do you want to do social work for?’”
Over time, though, Altenburg convinced him that the new venture would help fulfill the core mission of the prosecutor’s office: reducing crime. Today, Altenburg, now a deputy DA, runs the community prosecution program. And Chisholm has become its unabashed supporter, spearheading expansion with federal grants to cover the entire city and even take in nearby suburbs of West Allis and South Milwaukee.
“That’s the difference between being the assistant DA and the DA,” Chisholm says. As the elected person at the top, “You have an obligation that’s broader than just taking care of your own system.”Burma’s bicameral parliament unanimously passed an emergency proposal on Wednesday to increase the salaries of civil servants.
The formal proposal, put forward in parliament without prior announcement by upper house MP Zaw Myint Pe, urged a salary increase for civil servants, including police officers and members of the armed forces, saying their current pay is not enough to live on.
Ye Tun, a lower house member from Hsipaw in Shan State, said that inadequate salaries are fueling corruption among government workers.
“The proposal opined that inadequate salaries are causing corruption to spread among civil servants,” he said. “Soldiers, police officers and government workers are not well paid, and parliament was urged to increase their wages ahead of the budget for the next fiscal year.”
Burma’s minister of finance and the deputy minister of national planning both signaled their support for the pay rise, and also suggested raising pensions for retired civil servants, Ye Tun said.
How much the civil servant salaries will increase and the establishment of a timeline have yet to be discussed.
[related]
After ministers’ comments, House Speaker Shwe Mann offered the opportunity for any lawmaker who opposed the pay rise to raise their objections, at which point opposition National League for Democracy chairperson Aung San Suu Kyi motioned to speak.
According to Ye Tun, Suu Kyi said she told the speaker she had no objection to the proposal but wanted to point out some irregularities. New National Democracy Party Chairman Thein Nyunt did likewise. However, Shwe Mann denied them permission to address the house unless they were opposing the proposal.
In the end, the motion to increase civil servants’ salaries was passed unanimously by the legislature.
Since parliament convened under the Thein Sein government in 2011, MPs have at least twice raised motions for increasing government workers’ salaries, however only minimal pay raises were awarded.National Children’s Eye Health & Safety Month!
What are the signs of cataracts?
Cat
Early diagnosis is important for maintaining good eye health. Fortunately, we live in a time when correcting cataracts is easily accessible, and the results you can get from The Rand Eye Institute can be extraordinary. Ask about Rand Eye’s Custom Laser Cataract Surgery with the LenSx® Procedure and the various options available to provide your best corrected vision. Schedule a comprehensive eye exam today.
For Healthy Vision Month – Consider that It’s All in the Family.
Where There’s Smoke: The Eyes Have It
We.
The simple truth: Quitting smoking can help save your vision, and during Healthy Vision Month, it’s more important than ever to know this information.
Have Your Eyes Examined
This!
Fleet Week Forever: A Fighter Pilot’s Story
Fleet.
Healthy Vision Month – Tips for Keeping Your Eyes Healthy
Healthy.
How_8<<_9<<_10<<Gardening in Changing Times
Phenology: Tracking Change
The New American Landscape
Gardeners Guide to Weather and Climate
Peterson First Guide to Clouds and Weather
Origins of the Soils of Western Massachusetts and the Pioneer Valley
Project Soil Yield
Soil - Cover Crops
Soil: Interpreting Your UMass Soil Test Results
Soil pH -What is It and Why Should I Care?
Soil: A Primer
Winter SoilForecast markets are a place where several individuals place bets on if a particular declaration may end up being real in the future, and this has often confirmed more true predictions than conventional surveys. Why? Since the members have at least something to drop. Or increase. As well as the fancy title to get a wager? – Futures-contract.
Consider, for instance, a prediction market developed at George Mason University, which rated a remarkable 0.2 on its geo-political forecasts (where no is 100% truth, 0.5 is equivalent to opportunity and 2 is 0% precision).
Charles Twardy, subscriber at GMUs prediction markets, describes their remarkable outcomes:
Each forecaster begins using a limited amount of factors, and so they must decide on somewhat more attentively where to invest them. I I may have views on several things things, perhaps just a 10 percent that I would be ready to get my small factors in.
To put it differently, improved precision is possible when individuals are requested to place their money where their mouth is.
While GMU forecasters wager with factors, Bitcoiners use parts. Although in traditional gaming bands deficits are compensated to the bookie themself, Bitcoins peer to peer wagering planet rather functions deficits compensated directly to additional players. BitBet, Fairlay and BetMoose came out as the most famous peer to peer forecast websites that run in Bitcoin. Just how do they examine?
BitBet
Got dairy? is the slogan at BitBet, as well as I dont understand why (enlightenment in the opinion part is most encouraged). Noaccount becomes necessary to guess on the siteSorry to fail the admins laugh. Now the websites most large-amount stakes are about Bitcoin itself:
Bitcoin to exceed Berkshire as an investment by middle-Feb 2015 (3,827 bit-coins)
1 BTC „>>= Bucks$ 10,000 in fourteen days (830 bit coins)
Other groups include politics, sports and amusement. BitBet retains 1% of wagers placed as their payment, and wont post stakes they consider to be poor, named BadBets. A bunch of at least 500 protestors WOn’t throw tomatoes at Nicole Kidman all through the Cannes“ is supplied as a good example of a BadBet.
Approved wagers will post when your first wager amount (which should be the very least of 0.01 BTC/10,000 parts) receives one verification in the blockchain .
BetMoose
Together with the slogan Peertopeer wagers and forecasts. Produced by anybody, about such a thing, BetMoose functions the many vibrant and diverse site of the three websites. The phrase any such thing may possibly be deceptive, But as the websites pubs wagers about an individuals passing.
Todays frontpage forecasts range from the stock-price of Tesla from the conclusion of the month, Ebola contamination prices as well as the release-date of the Ethereum genesis prevent.
BetMoose needs an accounts to wager, but the aggravation of such may possibly be cancel if you’re able to land your self in their Corridor of Recognition, up-dated daily to represent customers overall gains and truth. Balances may, needless to say, be anonymous, and wager setters are ranked by standing and make profits for exact wager solutions.
They provide set-unusual stakes or pari-mutuel kinds (where your chances may transform). BetMoose retains 2-3% of most wagers placed and divides the fees using the wager serves themselves.
Fairlay
Snowden may abandon Russia before the finish of Dec, Bitcoin trouble may be „>>100B from the conclusion of the twelvemonth, and scads of politics forecasts compose the Fairlay frontpage. The website doesnt checklist any limitations on the information of stakes placed.
Consumers can select to generate an accounts or maybe not. The website provides you a leg-up in the instance which you publish a wager whose countertop has recently been posted by anotherFairlay will request if youd enjoy protected likelihood (a sudden complement of your funds) or available likelihood (youll must await a user to give you a complement).
Fairlay automatically deducts 2% of wagers placed because of its service charge, as well as their types are recorded as Bitcoin, athletics, information, and various. In addition they released a fascinating site that addresses every thing from your hidden consequences of current occasions in Bitcoin to guidance on why gambling is mo Re lucrative than exploration.
There are some other markets, too, like predictious.com and the ones listet on that site.
A Beneficial Way to Gamble
Prediction markets are no Thing brand new, but the the reduced charges and easy peer to peer trades that crypto currency has taken to to them is. Whether without a doubt for fun, for understanding or for equally, Bitcoin h-AS created futures agreements mo-Re accessible than ever before.“Health happens in neighborhoods, not doctors’ offices,” says Dr. Richard J. Jackson, professor and chairman of environmental health sciences at the University of California, Los Angeles, in a forthcoming public television series on ways to redesign the built environment for better physical and mental health.
“Communities Learn the Good Life Can Be a Killer,” a recent New York Time blog post by Jane Brody, highlights some of Dr. Jackson’s work on the ways individual and community health are affected by the physical environment where we live, work, play and shop. It is when we join with our neighbors in those spaces in the giving of gifts, the presence of association and the compassion of hospitality that we become abundant communities.
For more about Dr. Jackson, the TV series and companion book visit the Designing Healthy Communities website.Top 3 features that hotels need in their network security solution
Recently, there has been considerable attention surrounding the issue of network security at hotels and resorts. These networks have been notoriously insecure, particularly in the eyes of travelers who have heard horror stories about public, unprotected Wi-Fi at hospitality institutions. Now, however, it’s time for this industry to do better. Many decision-makers are seeking solutions […]
Posted in Inside Untangle Blog Tagged breach, cyberattack, firewall, Hotels, network security, vulnerabilities, Wi-Fi Comments Off on Top 3 features that hotels need in their network security solutionBy Ria Logan
19th Apr 2017
The new Hair, Beauty and Wigs tender is still currently being evaluated with the intent to award and begin the standstill period on Tuesday 18th April 2017 through to Thursday 27th April 2017. The framework is due to be launched on 2nd May 2017.The framework will be split into four lots:
If you have any questions please contact Contracts and Procurement Officer, Ria Logan at [email protected] or call 0161 974 0955.You have no items in your shopping cart.
Product Description
Details
Like new Leica APO-Extender-R 2x ROM. No visible signs of use. Lens elements are clean. Extender can be used for all Leica APO lenses from 50mm with speeds of f2 to f32. It doubles the focal length while decreasing the speed with 2 stops. Complete with pouch and lens caps.For your patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia…
After schizophrenia treatment failures,
change course—consider Versacloz1
Versacloz is indicated for:
- Treatment-resistant schizophrenia in severely ill patients. Because of the significant risk of agranulocytosis and seizure associated with its use, VERSACLOZ should be used only in patients who have failed to respond adequately to standard antipsychotic treatment. The effectiveness of clozapine was established in a 6-week, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled study comparing clozapine and chlorpromazine in patients who had failed other antipsychotics.
- Reduction in the risk of recurrent suicidal behavior in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder who are at chronic risk for re-experiencing suicidal behavior, based on history and recent clinical state. The effectiveness of clozapine was demonstrated over a 2-year treatment period in the InterSePTTM trial.
Dosing/Delivery:
- Highly concentrated oral, low-volume suspension: 1 mL = 50 mg1
- Offers a tasteless choice of clozapine therapy2
- Measured and administered using an oral syringe—no need to mix or match clozapine tablets
Dedicated Clinical Compliance Liaisons (CCLs):
- 24/7 support services to support healthcare practitioners and pharmacies
Important Safety Information].
Warnings and Precautions
-.
- QT interval prolongation, sometimes life-threatening, has occurred with clozapine. Consider additional risk factors for prolonged QT interval (disorders and drugs) including patient).
- Atypical antipsychotics including clozapine have been associated with metabolic changes, including:
- Hyperglycemia and Diabetes Mellitus: Hyperglycemia, in some cases extreme and.
- Hepatotoxicity: Severe, life threatening, and in some cases fatal hepatotoxicity including hepatic failure, hepatic necrosis and hepatitis have been reported. Monitor for signs and symptoms of hepatotoxicity such as fatigue, malaise, anorexia, nausea, jaundice, coagulopathy and hepatic encephalopathy and perform serum tests for liver injury.
-.
- Patients have experienced transient, clozapine-related fever during therapy, often within the first 3 weeks of treatment. Evaluate patients with fever for agranulocytosis, infection, or NMS.
- Consider pulmonary embolism (PE) if respiratory distress, chest pain, or deep vein thrombosis occur.
-. Treatment with VERSACLOZ can result in gastrointestinal adverse reactions, sometimes fatal, including constipation, intestinal obstruction, fecal impaction, and paralytic ileus.
- VERSACLOZ can cause sedation and impairment of cognitive and motor performance. Advise caution when operating machinery, including automobiles. Consider reducing the dose if cognitive or motor interference occurs.
- Tardive dyskinesia (TD) has occurred in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs including clozapine. The risk and likelihood that it will become irreversible are believed to increase with greater durations of treatment and higher total cumulative doses, although it can occur after short periods and at low doses. Use the lowest effective dose and the shortest duration necessary to control symptoms. Periodically assess the need for continued treatment. Consider discontinuing VERSACLOZ if TD occurs.
- Cerebrovascular adverse reactions (e.g., stroke, transient ischemic attack), including fatalities, have occurred in elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis who were treated with some atypical antipsychotics. Use VERSACLOZ with caution in patients with risk factors for cerebrovascular adverse reactions.
- If abrupt discontinuation is necessary, monitor carefully for the recurrence of psychotic symptoms and adverse reactions related to cholinergic rebound.
-.
You may contact the Clozapine REMS Program
at 844-267-8678 or at.
Please see the full Prescribing Information for Important Safety Information, including
BOXED Warning.
References: 1. Versacloz® Prescribing Information, Warminister, PA: Tasman Pharma Inc. 2021. 2. Data on file. Warminster, PA: Tasman Pharma, INC.; 2017.
The information on this website is intended for use only by residents of the
United States.
United States. viciously sexy man, you.
You didn't think I'd NOT put one here, too, right? That sentence sucks. Happy Birthday. GOD.
You're a cool dude, someone ought to remember
Happy Birthday man, hope it's a great one!
Happy Birthday sir!!
Happy Bday RHYDANT!!!!
Oh shit, Happy Birthday man! May it be of the highest caliber!
Happy birthday Rhydant!
Happy Birthday homie!
As my post said, I can't Make NYC, unless I have a job before I move to Denver... but I'll be a lot closer to Cali.
hb homie
Hey boo!
I hope you feel better after partying tomorrow night with your friend. No sense in drinking alone...
'Sup, Rhydantium?
Wait wait what you are like on of the only people from gf and I didn't have you as a friend how sad is that.
da bland.
Yo Rhydant!
Send an Instant Message to Rhydant Using...
Reality for Dummies
No Time Like The Present
MoogleKnight aka MagmaDragoon
Ass
Banned by Administrators
Comin' for you.
Bond Girl
Going crazy, wanna join me?
On the Way
hello i'm babacang
is World Series MVP
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Know How I Know You're Gay?
America's #1 SlackerMain centres: The route takes the traveller into one of the most interesting and beautiful areas of South Africa’s Northern Cape province and embraces the towns and settlements of Keimoes, Kanoneiland, Kenhardt, Augrabies, Upington and Marchand.
Region: Quiver Tree Route.
The route is located in an arid zone, with stifling hot summers (up to 45°C) and chilly.
The Quiver Tree Route highlights some of the attractions that can be found along the stretch of the Orange River, including activities, accommodation, restaurants and sightseeing. Ten percent of South Africa’s vineyards are found in the Orange River valley and southern Kalahari.
Things to do on the Quiver Tree Route
This tourism route was aptly named for the eponymous quiver tree, one of this region’s most arresting botanical symbols. Stretching along the Gariep (Orange River), the Quiver Tree Route includes towns such as Upington, Kakamas, Keimoes, Augrabies, Marchand, Kanoneiland, Kenhardt and Riemvasmaak, and takes in part of the Green Kalahari region.
Natural splendour
An easy amble from the main camp in the Augrabies Falls National Park will take you to where the Gariep or Orange River thunders nearly 60m into the gorge below. Wooden decks offer excellent vantage points from which to take in the spectacular view.
Adventure and adrenaline
A number of adventure operators offer white-water kayaking and rafting trips on the Gariep/Orange River – from full-day to multi-day trips. If you prefer to stay on terra firma, saddle up and go on a 30km bike ride in the Augrabies Falls National Park, pedalling past Moon Rock, Ararat and Echo Corner.
Culture and leisure
Riemvasmaak is located north-west of Augrabies, within a mountain desert landscape shaped by volcanic activity millions of years ago. Visit the residents and experience their traditional dancing and food, or laze in the hidden mineral spring in the gorge. There are also 4x4 and mountain-biking routes, covering a total distance of almost 160km.
Eat and sleep
Orange River Wine Cellars is said to be the biggest wine cooperative in the southern hemisphere, and no trip to the Green Kalahari would be complete without a tasting along this wine route. Also pop in at Bezalel and Die Mas cellars. Accommodation options include the luxurious African Vineyard Guesthouse, where you can enjoy excellent slow food and lose yourself in the rural tranquillity.
Highlights on the Quiver tree Route
Augrabies Falls
Called Aukoerebis (place of great noise) by the Khoisan people, the 56-metre high Augrabies Waterfall is a spectacle in this region. When the mighty Orange River is in full flood, the sound of water thundering down the rockface is deafening. It’s an awesome experience at any time of year. Besides the falls, there are great sites to visit here, including Moon Rock, Ararat and Echo Corner. A diversity of species also exists at the Augrabies Falls National Park and its spectacular granite gorge offers visitors great birding, some small game, reptiles, springbok, gemsbok and giraffe.
Riemvasmaak Hot Springs
The Riemvasmaak Hot Springs are one of the many natural wonders along the Quiver Tree Route. Located between the Orange and Molopo rivers in Riemvasmaak, the hot springs are surrounded by granite cliffs, and offer spectacular views of the mountain desert and wilderness.
The naturally warm spring waters and the rocky terrain are a result of volcanic eruptions that occurred aeons ago. The volcanoes are no longer active but the underground activity still heats the spring water, providing gloriously warm swimming pools all year round.
Hiking and MTB trails
The annual Trans Augrabies MTB race takes place in the Northern Cape every year and covers a total distance of more than 247km. The three-day stage competition takes mountain bikers through the spectacular Augrabies Falls National Park and surrounding areas, including Riemvasmaak, Kakamas, Keimoes and Kanoneiland.Comedy in Twelfth NightWednesday, August 29th, 2007
Shakespearean comedy is concerned with desire and its satisfaction; characters yearn for something, this leads to frustration but eventually satisfaction achieved and a happy conclusion. Twelfth Night, and Shakespeare’s other comedies, are concerned with love, desire, and overcoming barriers to the fulfilment of these desires and end in physical and emotional union, usually marriage. Shakespeare’s comedies are romantic. They have a certain mood and set of expectations; dealing with society rather than the individual, there does not tend to be a dominant character or Hero/Heroine. The theme is renewal; taken unexpectedly from ordinary life characters are placed in an unusual setting and allowed to escape from the repression within the society that is thwarting, for whatever reason, their desire. Twelfth Night is no exception; but there is an “emphasis on the pains rather than the pleasures of love” (Leggatt, 1974).
Northrop Frye identified three stages of a Shakespearean comedy: the play establishes a rigid rule-bound arbitrary society; this society descends into confusion and suffers a lack of identity. In the third stage, it is reborn as more liberal, issues that caused the loss of identity are welcomed. Marriage typically holds together this “new” society. (Frye, 1983).
The aesthetic philosopher Susan Langer analyses comedy, humour, and laughter. (Langer, 1953, pp. 338-341) “Laughter is physical, it occurs when one is tickled”. Humour merely “one of the causes of laughter” and “humor has its home in comic drama. Laughter springs from its very structure” and
“Humor is not the essence of comedy, but only one of its most useful and natural elements”. (Langer, 1953, p. 346)
Shakespearean comedy has patterns related to the renewal and rhythms of human life. As Langer says, the human race regenerates generation by generation in a rhythm of renewal, comedy celebrates this. Comedy is concerned with desire and fulfilment, tragedy with decline and death. (Langer, 1953)
The plots of Shakespeare’s comedies concern overcoming obstacles to love. In Twelfth Night characters fall in love quickly, Viola falling in love with Orsino at first sight and Olivia with Cesario/Viola. Obstacles are external or internal. External obstacles are usually a disapproving Patriarch, a powerful rival or a law. In A Midsummer Nights Dream, all are present. The plot involves escape from the “old” society that is preventing love: the characters leave
Shakespearean love is a paradox: foolish and wonderful. Falling in love is moving and thus wonderful. Juxtaposed against this is the bizarre and artificial
behaviours of the participants in a courtship. The expression of love is something that an audience will find amusing and comic. In As You like It Shakespeare considers such behaviour in the Seven Ages of Man speech by Jaques:
And then the lover,
Sighing like a furnace, with a woeful ballad
Made to his mistress’ eyebrow. (II, vii,146)
Shakespeare illustrates contemporary methods men use to express their love: ballads, poems, sonnets or love letters. Orsino, in Act I Scene I, rebuffed when sending Olivia a love note, dwells on this and in his melancholia says:
The instant was I turned into a hart,
And my desires, like fell and cruel hounds,
E’er since pursue me. (
He refers to Ovid’s Metamorphoses and the Greek Myth of Actaeon and Diana, in which Actaeon happens upon the naked and virginal Diana when hunting. Transformed into a hart (deer), by Diana, his own hounds devour Actaeon: if our desires are not satisfied they will devour us. Viola, playing a man, Cesario, is asked by Orsino to deliver a love note to Olivia. She immediately falls in love with Orsino: I’ll do my best To woo your lady – [aside] yet a barful strife –Whoe’er I woo, myself would be his wife. (I, v, ll. 40-41) This love faces a comic internal barrier: Viola is posing, implausibly, as a man. Cesario/Viola visits Olivia, as ambassador for Orsino, attempting to change Olivia’s mind and make her love again Viola mocks the method by which Orsino is stating his love. Viola interrupts herself saying she is not going to waste her time upon it for the wrong woman:I pray you, tell me if this be the lady of the house,for I never saw her: I would be loath to cast awaymy speech, for besides that it is excellently wellpenned, I have taken great pains to con it. (
He/she is not behaving like the standard lover; this spikes the interest of Olivia. After the ladies in waiting leave Viola as Cesario tries again, this time Olivia mocks the convention:O, I have read it. It is heresy. Have you no more to say? (
Shakespeare uses comedy to make profound points about love and relationships, in this case unrequited homosexual love. The play exhibits many of the characteristics of “Shakespeare’s festive comedies” what Cesar Lombardi Barber sees as the spirit and the tradition of festivals that Shakespeare’s contemporary audience associated with festivals celebrated during their youth and prior to their new urban existence. Barber expounds: “I have been led into an exploration of the way the social form of Elizabethan holidays contributed to the dramatic form of festive comedy [and] we can see here” the way in which “art develops underlying configurations in the social life of a culture” (Barber). Twelfth Night is a celebratory comedy, set during a holiday: The Lords of Misrule traditionally would take charge on this day, the Feast of Fools, involving a reversal of roles; reflected in the gender role reversal of Viola, “For Elizabethans this title [Twelfth Night] would have stirred…associations with…time in which normal rules were suspended” (Barton, 1994, 105).
The characters in Twelfth Night placed in comically preposterous scenarios, the improbability of which we accept, and Shakespeare has freedom to explore issues of sexuality behind this veil.
other obstacles. Orsino and Olivia create internal obstacles; they assume the mantles of romantic lover and grieving Lady. Viola because of her disguise becomes an obstacle to her own fulfilment. The outwardly comic fool, Feste, displays a degree of tired cynicism on occasion: for example in the final song: a mocking of these artificial marriages: Olivia and Orsino would rather have married each other’s spouses. The humiliation of Malvoli and his subsequent incarceration, as a lunatic, is totally out of proportion to his transgression. This sub text gives the play a darker edge than is outwardly apparent from the frivolity and implausibility of the setting, suggesting darker undercurrents. (Leggatt, 1974, pp. 221 – 254)
The play, as a comedy, conforms to convention and is concerned with marriage in the same way that, conversely, tragedies consider death (Romeo and Juliet
is an exception and considers both death and marriage). Viola, like Rosalind, in As You Like It, dresses as a man. As in The Comedy of Errors there is a shipwreck and mistaken identity of a pair of twins. The Comedy of Errors has same sex twins. By contrast, in Twelfth Night, by utilising different gender twins, Shakespeare is able to subtly consider sexual and gender ambiguity. The title of the play Twelfth Night or As you Will, gives a hint to the homoerotic imagery in the play: anything goes on the Feast of Fools.
Boys played women and girls in Elizabethan times; the introduction of gender ambiguity provides a subtle, homoerotic subtext. Comic effects of role-play are used to explore this. Viola is a boy playing a woman in turn playing a man; Olivia is a boy playing a grieving and cloistered nun and confusion over sexuality is established.
Consequently, closely entwined within the plot are issues of heteroeroticism, Viola courting Olivia on behalf of Orsino, and homoeroticism, Olivia’s love at first site for Cesario. When Orsino is speaking with who he believes to be a man, Cesario, he declares his homosexuality:. (
Act II scene II considers female homosexuality, and Viola’s subsequent difficulties:! (II. ii. ll. 31-39)
Furthermore, Antonio appears to have a homosexual attraction to Viola’s male equivalent, Sebastian:
But come what may, I do adore thee so
That danger shall seem sport, and I will go. (II. i. ll. 41-42)
The ambiguity of sexual attraction due to the comic cross dressing of Viola blurs gender boundaries. Allowing consideration of sexual and emotional possibilities normally repressed by strict rules imposed by the “old” society. Shakespeare uses comedy to do this. The imposed barriers, of the “old” society, prevent Orsino and Olivia enjoying full expression of their repressed homosexuality. Biological limitations, and economic necessities, conspire against Orsino and Olivia internally: sexual attraction normally leads to marriage and financial consequences and must, even in the “new” society, be a cross gender union. However, in a romantic comedy, set in the carefree magical region of
that “he” is female. Sebastian, Toby and Orsino “acquiesce to the role of object of female desire” (Dympna, 2001, p. 138). Both Olivia and Orsino do not achieve the original objects of their desire. Olivias marriage to Sebastian and Orsinos to Viola, diverts attention away from the homosexual attraction that both exhibit to their respective partners earlier in the play. (Suzuki, 2001)
Word Count: 2174nissan rogue front collision warning malfunction Nissan Rogue / Nissan Rogue Owner's Manual / Starting and driving / All-Wheel Drive (AWD) (if so equipped) / AWD warning light The AWD warning light is located in the meter. The vehicle achieves up to 26 miles per gallon on city roads and 33 miles per gallon on the highway. • If malfunction is detected by the air bag warning lamp, after repair or replacement of the malfunc-tioning parts, reset the memory using self-diagnosis or CONSULT-III. When the yaw rate sensor works correctly, the fault that it detects Takata recall:i purchased my 2019 nissan rogue may 31, 2019 from clay cooley nissan. At St. It is critical that these radar devices are properly recalibrated after any repair situation to the front of the vehicle that would cause the radar sensor to be shifted, removed, reinstalled, or jolted in the collision. 28, 2021. Most auto repair shops charge between $75 and $150 per hour. forward collision avoidance: automatic emergency braking | service brakes odi number: 11416251 new nissan 2020 rouge sport with 1500 miles ! emergency front break malfunction warning . My car has an automatic transmission. 2011 Nov 02, 2018 · If your Nissan vehicle was involved in an accident/collision, or you are a dealer or a body shop that is rebuilding a vehicle that you have purchased at an auction such as Copart or IAAI (Insurance Auto Auction), then you will love MyAirbags. Have the system checked by a NISSAN dealer. I did and it says “This warning appears when the Blind Spot Warning/Lane Departure Warning or Forward Collision Warning systems are not functioning properly 2019 rogue” Has anyone experienced or heard of this? "The Forward Collision Warning (FCW) system helps you when you’re getting too close to the vehicle ahead by illuminating an indicator light and providing a w › Nissan Rogue. Mar 26, 2021 · In 2019, Nissan sold 350,447 Rogue SUVs, while only 227,935 models sold in 2020. 1 reply Report. Forward collision warning use radar, lasers, or cameras to scan the road ahead while you drive. 2017 Nissan Rogue SV Deals and Offers at Concord Nissan in Concord, NH. This recall is Mar 27, 2014 · Last April, Nissan recalled about 82,000 cars and trucks from the 2013 model year, telling N. I’m getting a warning on the dash of my 2019 Rogue that says “Malfunction See Owners Manual”. Nissan Qashqai/Rogue Mk1 ABS warning light - illuminates when there is a problem within the ABS system.. If the dashboard light that illuminates is yellow or green, the light may mean that a system (such as cruise control or high beams) is on or that there is an issue in the Nissan, though it Nov 27, 2020 · I bought a 2020 rogue. this Service Manual. This is a 35% decrease in 2020 over the previous year. Jan 13, 2016 · Listed below are a few of the warning signs that a problem with your yaw rate sensor may exist. This warning illuminates when the there is a problem with the CVT system. To help ease your stress ahead of time, our team at Planet Nissan will help you learn more about what Nissan Altima warning lights mean so you can drive through Bullhead worry-free!. The cost of diagnosing the P0130 NISSAN code is 1. Jun 06, 2021 · Forward Collision Avoidance May Malfunction. Aug 05, 2019 · Description of the Complaint: Forward collision avoidance brand new 2018 rogue with less than 1000 miles - the automatic breaking systems engaged when there was no obstructions in the road. Asked dealer for parameters and they said there are none and called the Nissan Consumer Affairs (which has no value) they just refer you back to the dealer. Feb 05, 2015 · Nissan has a few different procedures for resetting the limit switch in the power window motor, depending on the model. ALWAYS use your seat belts and confidence. Congeniality. However, there was a van behind me Oct 19, 2019 · On 11/22/020 while I was driving on the 605 freeway going about 65 miles an hour, my vehicle came to a sudden and unexpected stop. MY 2013-2015 Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep/R am with RA3 or RA4 radios 01/05/16 Feb 12, 2018 · Tags: heated steering wheel, not hot, collision light comes on, nissan, rogue. Feb 28, 2020 · CLEVELAND — One of the nation's best selling SUV's is at the center of an investigation, after hundreds of drivers complained their Nissan Rogue's were braking for no reason. Stop in to your local Nissan dealer and have your system checked to identify the problem. OWNER’S MANUAL. As a result of a design failure, Nissan was forced to increase its initial drivetrain warranty on Collision Warning Sensor (Left). The forward collision light comes on and blinks until I turn the truck off and back on. • If the warning light comes on while driving there may be a malfunction in the AWD system. Yaw rate sensor malfunction MY2001-2002 Toyota Sequoia 12/20/16 ; No defect found. 5290 Orbitor Drive Mississauga, Ontario L4W 4Z5 NISSAN CUSTOMER CARE PROGRAM 2015 ROGUE. B1035 NISSAN Crash Zone Sensor. This light indicates that there may be a problem with this system. Reduce the vehicle speed and have your vehicle checked by a NISSAN dealer as soon as possible. May 02, 2016 · 3. owners. As a result, the affected vehicles stop and brake unexpectedly for no reason while in operation. Feb 27, 2017 · Minimum speed to engage. 7 million Nissan, Infiniti, Chevrolet vehicles recalled for passenger airbag problems. Your Nissan vehicle’s warning lights could simply indicate that a certain feature is active or, in some cases, indicate there is a significant issue with the vehicle. Feb 12, 2018 · Tags: heated steering wheel, not hot, collision light comes on, nissan, rogue. Once you've filled the tire, you need to drive at least 16 mph to turn the TPMS back on. This system includes seat belt switch inputs and dual stage front air bag modules. It could mean anything like low fuel, trunk open, loose fuel cap or low windshield-washer fluid. The vehicle was taken to the dealer where it was diagnosed that the sensor that determined passenger weight was inoperable. In the two days I've had my 2019 Kicks now, I've notice that my front warning went off twice, once when a car - If the warning light comes on while driving there may be a malfunction in the AWD system. T. Other Nissan Sentra recalls. May 14, 2019 · The 2019 Nissan Rogue provides consumer-friendly features in a snazzy and comfy package. 5 Rogue Sport, 2018 Rogue, 2018 Murano, and 2018 Pathfinder vehicles. A. This is the Highly Detailed factory service repair manual for the2011 NISSAN ROGUE, this Service Manual has detailed illustrations as well as step by step instructions,It is 100 percents complete and intact. $17,850 - $22,225. Owner’s Manual Supplement. The vehicle was not repaired. Date complaint filed: 11:27 Feb-01, 2021. Summary: Nissan North America, Inc. It is different than the anti-lock brake system, which gets its own ABS warning light. " True, that's Mar 03, 2021 · Nissan is aware of the two-star NCAP rating for front-passenger safety for 2021 Rogue vehicles assembled at Nissan's Kyushu, Japan, manufacturing facility prior to Jan. I have paid out of pocket a $1000 deductible because i assumed there was a glitch within my car. MY 2013-2015 Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep/R am with RA3 or RA4 radios 01/05/16 The Malfunction Indicator Light will come on in one of two ways: Malfunction Indicator Light on steady — An emission control system malfunction has been detected. PE16-006 . Parts: SERVICE BRAKES FORWARD COLLISION AVOIDANCE ELECTRICAL SYSTEM. Oct 03, 2019 · These systems reportedly aim to detect possible collisions with vehicles and pedestrians and apply the emergency brake automatically if a collision is imminent. Risks . In 3 months now, we've seen the BSW and LDW work readily and quickly (if anything LDW is too sensitive (!)). B1035 INFINITI Crash Zone Sensor. Redesigned and ready to take back the segment: the 2021 Nissan Rogue. Dashboard warning lights; Front end suspension is making noise Collision Warning 09/28/16 . B1035 CHEVROLET Audio Output 2 Right Front Circuit. Jul 20, 2021 · A common customer complaint stems from the Rogue’s continuously variable transmission (CVT). H. Once I got to a less congested road, it cleared itself. Lane Departure Warning (optional on SV and SL) An audible tone and instrument panel light help alert the driver to movement of the vehicle out of its travel lane. Welcome to the growing family of new NISSAN owners. info is the largest online database of car user manuals. Nov 27, 2020 · I bought a 2020 rogue. Collision Warning: If any blind spot warning system malfunction is repaired Predictive Forward Collision Warning (PFCW), and Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC). Older model years of Nissan Sentra are subject to a December recall due to the Takata airbag inflators. Every model now has forward-collision warning, automated emergency braking, automatic high-beam Dec 01, 2016 · Q: I just got new tires from Wal-Mart and now all of my dasboard lights stay on My car has 125000 miles. Jun 10, 2020 · The contact owns a 2011 nissan rogue. CHECK OUT: Hyundai Santa Fe Vs. The information contained within this supplement revises or adds to the following information within the 2019 Qashqai, 2020 Altima and 2020 Rogue Owner’s Manual: ∙. With no brakes, the result was a collision. Charles Nissan, our team of highly-skilled technicians compiled this helpful guide to the N I S S A N Collision Position Statement- Use of Non-OEM Parts Reference: NPSB-16-594 Date: June, 20 2016 TO: COLLISION REPAIR INDUSTRY POSITION STATEMENT: Use of Non-OEM Parts on Nissan Vehicles Jan 13, 2016 · Listed below are a few of the warning signs that a problem with your yaw rate sensor may exist. Yes you can find code readers for less than $20. No defect found. The 2017 Nissan Altima is a great car for drivers in Cherry Hill, Mount Laurel, and Collingswood drivers, but if one of your Nissan Altima warning lights is illuminated, then you may be worried that something is wrong with your trusted car. onnected Search, select “Connected Search” from the Destination menu on the C vehicle’s Navigation System to conduct a Point of Interest (POI) search within a certain distance of the vehicle’s location. To minimize exposure system malfunction that triggers instrument panel warning lights. Search in NISSAN ROGUE 2016 2. The light is on but regardless how reckless I drive cannot get FCW to actually activate. Your car is equipped with wheel speed sensors at each of the four wheels which with a front seat belt, helps to reduce the risk or severity of injury to the driver and front passenger for certain. Collision Warning 09/28/16 . Dashboard warning lights; Front end suspension is making noise Indicator and warning dashboard symbols are designed to communicate important information to help keep you out of harm's way. Lane departure warning kicks in between 30 mph and 40 mph or the rough metric equivalent, 50-65 kph. Feb 15, 2018 · 41 Posts. Only 2500 miles on it. they are specifically written for the do-it-yourself-er as well as the experienced mechanic. Plaintiff Cathy Bashaw says she leased a 2017 Nissan Rouge SL AWD from a Nissan-authorized dealer in New York without being aware that the vehicle’s braking defect that could put her at risk of physical injury. It also starts to engage my brakes, I can feel it when I push on brake peddle. nissan rogue malfunction see if nissan rogue malfunction see owners manual your nissan claims information display and headlight switch is in some users have it is touched to my. The manufacturers use the same symbol for both a warning that the system has a problem or if a collision is imminent. For your safety, read carefully and keep in this vehicle. 2011 Also, Automatic Emergency Braking and Intelligent Forward Collision Warning are now. for passenger-side airbags that may fail to deploy because of a faulty passenger occupant sensor. 0. Trying to determine if the FCW system actually works. Predictive Forward Collision Warning (PFCW), and Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC). Nissan has issued two recalls affecting more than 3. Clean the radar cover on the front of the vehicle with a soft cloth, and restart the engine. Where is the front radar on Nissan Sentra? The radar sensor is located on the front of the vehicle OB . Genuine Nissan Part - 284K1-6FL0A (284K16FL0A) Predictive Forward Collision Warning (PFCW), and Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC). Jul 15, 2018 · 2011 Nissan Rogue Service Repair Manual. Jul 21, 2019 · Joined Jul 16, 2019. Forward collision avoidance, in which your car automatically brakes when it detects a potential collision ahead, has saved a lot of lives. The auto brake for backing up to soon but it works. 5 ft (0. It also is equipped with either a 4-wheel or an all-wheel drivetrain. Nissan's number for this recall is PM971. So, do test it at the Nissan Service station. The vehicle was not taken to a dealership to be inspected. Refer to SRC-18, "Diagnosis Description". The SRS system uses the seat belt switches to determine the front air bag deployment, and may only deploy one front air bag, depending on the severity of a collision and whether the front occupants are belted or unbelted. This vehicle is delivered to you with equipped. Pull over whenever it is safe and then contact your dealership. 14 crashes are linked to the problem. The towing capacity of the 2018 Nissan Rogue is about 1102 pounds. One NHTSA complaint states, “On today, February 27 th, at approximately 12:56pm, I was driving my 2 week old 2020 Nissan Rogue Sport on 31 st heading south to state street in Chicago, Illinois suddenly applied to brake with flashing warning lights and sirens, with no obstruction in front of the vehicle. Mar 20, 2020 · Rav4 XSE, works great, maybe to good. Door ajar warning again, this is a new 2018 rouge sport with less than 700 miles. When approaching an intersection, the brake pedal was unable to be used, locked up. (Nissan) is recalling certain 2016-2019 Nissan Sentra Apr 26, 2021 · Warning signs. Can You Trust Nissan's CVT? For a while cracked radiators were the number one enemy of Nissan transmissions, but these days it appears the transmissions are their own worst enemy. Jun 03, 2020 · Where is the front radar on Nissan Rogue? The Intelligent Forward Collision Warning system uses a radar sensor located behind the lower grille below the front bumper to measure the distance to a second vehicle ahead in the same lane. Anti-lock Braking System (ABS): The Anti-lock Braking System will appear either as just the letters ABS or ABS with a circle around it. Discussion Starter · #1 · Jul 21, 2019. Mar 19, 2015 · Re: HELP! 2015 Rogue Malfunction Indicator Light on. I know that certain years of the Rogue and the first year of the Kicks (2018) may have had issues with the anti-collision sensor causing the vehicle to brake. Quote. I experienced a solid FEB warning light yesterday on my way to my mom's house. If there is an external button on the power window motor, use the following procedure: • Raise the window to the fully closed position using the manual portion of the power window switch, not the “auto” feature. This vehicle is delivered to you with confidence. #6 · May 14, 2018. with a front seat belt, helps to reduce the risk or severity of injury to the driver and front passenger for certain. Aug 26, 2014 · We've had our 2014 Rogue for 3 months now. The AWD warning light illuminates when the ignition switch is turned to the ON position. Common Nissan Altima warning lights include: Brake Warning: When you see a light that reads BRAKE, there is a problem with your vehicle’s braking system. PE15-001 . WARNING: Other Rogue Safety Shield technologies include Lane Departure Warning (LDW), Blind Spot Warning (BSW), and it is the first Nissan vehicle offering Forward Collision Warning (FCW). Join for Ratings and Reviews. that a malfunction of “strain gauge sensors” could suppress the front passenger air bag If the warning light (orange) comes on, stop the vehicle in a safe place and turn the engine off. with a front seat belt, helps to reduce the risk or severity of injury to the driver and front passenger for certain types of collision. - If the warning light comes on while driving there may be a malfunction in the AWD system.. When selling your vehicle, we request that you inform the buyer about the pretensioner system and guide the buyer to the appropriate sections in this Owner’s Manual. This recall is Jul 15, 2018 · 2011 Nissan Rogue Service Repair Manual. Dashboard warning lights; Front end suspension is making noise Jun 14, 2015 · Labor: 1. Nissan Rogue. Collision Warning: After any collision to the front of the vehicle that would cause the radar Mar 31, 2021 · 2018 Nissan Rogue brakes problems: Breaking without warning, a BS malfunction warning, and more The top and most reported problem about the 2018 Nissan Rogue deals with the brake system. There were no vehicles in front of me and the dashboard warning was indicating a malfunction on the emergency breaking system. Its been at the dealer for 3 days now. So the wannenty people say if Jun 06, 2021 · Forward Collision Avoidance May Malfunction. The malfunction indicator light (MIL) may turn on and the driver may notice that brake lights do not work. ABS modules again from experience as a Nissan Technician, that Collision light is on either for Radar in the front not aligned or bad part (recall on most earlier models) or ABS system Malfunction regarding to Traction system (Sensors) or Short within module. Car problem(s) with the 2017 NISSAN ROGUE. Average Retail Price. 2020 ROGUE. › Nissan Rogue. While the vehicle was on, the front passenger side air bag warning indicator illuminated. The computer does not pick a code up. However, in those 3 months, the FCW has only alarmed once. RQ15-004 ; Software security vulnerability . When the yaw rate sensor works correctly, the fault that it detects B1035 CADILLAC Audio Output 2 Right Front Circuit. It also indicates an internal issue in the charging system of your Rogue. Click the malfunction in mud builds up against another country, touch the desired position and nissan rogue warning malfunction see owners manual should take your motor. 7 million vehicles registered in the U. Nissan was wisely working on a redesigned Rogue before the devastation of 2020, but even with an impressive, fully-redesigned 2021 Nissan Jun 09, 2018 · 2018 Altima the forward collision warning systen not working. Malfunction See Owner’s Manual. Some of the worst issues 2nd generation Rogue owners have to deal with. The contact stated that the forward collision avoidance automatic emergency braking activated independently while driving at various speeds. The cheap ones will not do that you have to spend a little more. my car is not even 8 months old ! march 2, 2021: air bags odi number: 11398699 tl* the contacts daughter owned a 2020 nissan rouge sport. Check Engine Light comes on. O. alet Alert, use Valet Alert to set up a radius around your vehicle. Stock Number 21C667A. During driving 2008-2017 Nissan Rogue and Rogue Select models at speeds above 25 mph (40 km/h), the low tire pressure warning system receives the signal transmitted from the transmitter installed in each wheel, and gives alarms when the tire pressure becomes low. When it malfunctions, as it has in several Nissan Rogues, it will flash the warning lights and apply the brakes for no reason. Information necessary to service the system safely is included in the SR and SB section of this Service Manual. 2011 If the supplemental air bag warning light indicates there is a malfunction, have the system checked by a NISSAN dealer. A good number of complaints indicated that customers had to deal with breaking working without any warning sign. If Nissan Rogue Owners Manual / Starting and driving / Forward Collision Warning (FCW) system (if so equipped) / Sensor maintenance Sensor maintenance The distance sensor for the FCW system A is located behind the front bumper. The failure recurred on several occasions. “WARNING AND INDICATOR LIGHTS Aug 18, 2012 · 2012 ROGUE OWNER'S MANUAL. If this warning comes on, have the system checked by a NISSAN dealer. It means approximately one million model year 2017-2020 Rogue vehicles sold in the United States could be impacted by the types of braking and warning problems Oct 09, 2019 · Some 800 drivers say their Nissan Rogue / Rogue Sport's automatic emergency braking system was triggered needlessly. It’s a logical step for consumers to get behind the wheel of a 2019 Nissan Rogue when in the market for a compact SUV. • Red 1. That bulletin, dated August 29, 2019, also says Nissan is exploring unexpected activation of the Rogue Forward Emergency Braking (FEB) and Forward Collision Warning (FCW) systems The Kia autonomous emergency braking is a system that actively helps to avert a collision. 30 Posts. A collision may result in injuries or a loss of life for everyone involved. Nissan Rogue for sale near Manchester, NH and Tilton, New Hampshire. This light has a multitude of meanings. We are here to save you hundreds of dollars resetting your Nissan Read More "Nissan Airbag Module Reset" If the supplemental air bag warning light indicates there is a malfunction, have the system checked by a NISSAN dealer. My dealership told me Nissan knows about the problem but it could be a week or 6 months till they decide what to do about these problems. As . B1035 GMC Audio Output 2 Right Front Circuit. This is the third time the anti collision sensor malfunctioned. If the warning light continues to illuminate, have the AEB system checked. Nissan North America has taken the position Mar 01, 2015 · Front Collision Warning System - 2015 Rogue. Most are Nissan and Infiniti models, though the Chevrolet City Express van is also included because it's based on the Nissan NV200. Date of Incident: Jan-23, 2021. Information necessary to service the system safely is included in the SR and SB section of. G Manual PDF PDF Download. Nissan then issued TSB NTB18-041 in June 2018 informing dealerships about the “Unexpected Operation of AEB, FEB OR FCW [Forward Collision Warning]” in 2018 Rogue, Rogue Hybrid and Rogue Sport Aug 05, 2019 · Description of the Complaint: Forward collision avoidance brand new 2018 rogue with less than 1000 miles - the automatic breaking systems engaged when there was no obstructions in the road. WARNING: As standard, the Nissan Safety Shield 360 suite bundles together automatic emergency braking, forward collision warning, lane departure warning, blind-spot monitoring, rear cross-traffic alert or Call Service. Call for Repairs in Brockton, Ma. 1. It isn’t meant meant for low-speed, stop-and-go driving, partly types of collision. These indicators to the left are Front-end Collision Warning indicators, although the symbols show the back-end of a car. COM — Nissan just recalled 3. We’ve shown them d, which is used when a potential collision is detected. By now they have probably thrown a radar sensor at this and tried recalibrating it and the front view camera. While some symbols appear when a specific feature is in use, others are meant to warn you when a serious issue is detected. Schedule an appointment with us online now or stop by our shop at 1016 Belmont Street to chat with our staff of Nissan-certified pros. After all, it was awarded with Best-in-Class Vehicle Satisfaction honors. G Manual PDF online. Front view & front-side view Press Press Press Press Front view & bird’s-eye view Rear view & front-side view The colored guide lines on the display screen indicate vehicle width and approximate distances to objects with reference to the vehicle body line. NISSAN ROGUE 2016 2. Postby Rogue Jarhead » Tue Jan 17, 2017 5:53 pm. View the latest sale offers and special lease deals on a Nissan Rogue. 2 million vehicles in the U. I guess the rain cleaned the front of the car enough for the sensors to work again. Forward collision avoidance, service brakes, and electrical issues among the top complaints received by the NHTSA from vehicle owners. It was produced using the latest techniques and strict quality control. The brake light indicates that there is a problem with the physical braking system itself. Brake Warning Light: The brake warning light will appear as BRAKE or with an Sep 01, 2019 · Your Nissan Rogue‘s brake light indicator is there to let you know that there is an issue with the brake system. 0 hour of labor. Beginning with model year 2018, this feature was made standard in Nissan’s Rogue, Rogue Sport, Murano, Altima, Maxima, Armada, Pathfinder, Leaf and Sentra vehicles. Improper Frontal Air Bag Deployment 2013 Nissan Rogue ; 10/29/16 . Battery: A light that looks like a car battery means The cost to diagnose the B2090 TOYOTA code is 1. Learn about our certified repair network, where to find a body shop, and more here. CAUTION Do company use accessory carriers that grid to no hatch. Hi. ·. Revision: 2008 August 2009 Rogue 2018 Nissan Rogue Sport. types of collision. Apr 29, 2016 · April 29, 2016. Black plate (3,1) Foreword S35-D-110201-2C8F8855-48D9-450E-9DBD-72BB250FC3EB Welcome to the growing family of new NISSAN accessories with which your vehicle is could distract you. If Apr 06, 2021 · Many consumers are reporting that certain 2017 and newer Nissan model vehicles equipped with special Automatic Emergency Braking and Forward Collision Warning systems (AEB/FCW) are malfunctioning. This can either be a general malfunction or a lack of braking fluid. customers Nissan North America, Inc. This database includes information received by NHTSA from consumers either directly or as recorded by the Vehicle Safety Hotline. Nissan 24 is always there! Brockton, Randolph and Stoughton area Sentra drivers can rely on Nissan 24’s service center for expert advice and fixes for any lit dashboard light. WARNING The seat belts, the side air bags and curtain air bags are most effective when you are sitting well back and upright in the seat with both feet on th Sep 11, 2019 · Owners may contact Nissan customer service at 1-800867-7769. To minimize exposure Nissan Rogue Battery Charge Warning Light. Now the airbag light comes on and off. . Almost caused a rear end collision. Sep 01, 2019 · Your Nissan Rogue‘s brake light indicator is there to let you know that there is an issue with the brake system. INST, DASH, BODY. • If the AWD warning light blinks when you are driving: — blinks rapidly (about twice a second): Pull off the road in a safe area, and idle the engine. Nov 05, 2019 · That bulletin, dated August 29, 2019, also says Nissan is exploring unexpected activation of the Rogue Forward Emergency Braking (FEB) and Forward Collision Warning (FCW) systems. This information may be used by NHTSA during the investigation process. If there is an impending collision, the system will warn you of the danger using lights, beeps, vibrations of your seat, or a combination of these. It was raining cats and dogs, lots of dirty spray from the cars in front of me. Two months ago while driving back to work my nissan rogue automatically braked; a month later my blind spot sensors failed to come on resulting in a wreck. Box 685003 Franklin, TN 37068-5003 For Canadian customers Nissan Canada Inc. When the low tire pressure warning system detects low inflation pressure or another unusual symptom, the warning light in the • If malfunction is detected by the air bag warning lamp, after repair or replacement of the malfunc-tioning parts, reset the memory using self-diagnosis or CONSULT-III. S. Master Warning Light. Apr 04, 2021 · The 2019 Nissan Rogue has a 2. This warning appears when the Blind Spot Warning/Lane Departure Warning or Forward Collision Warning systems are not functioning properly. The auto repair's diagnosis time and labor rates vary by location, vehicle's make and model, and even your engine type. CarManualsOnline. My dash has several warning light flashing at different times. Rather than Rogue, Nissan could have named this redesigned SUV "Mr. and MAINTENANCE INFORMATION.. If your Nissan Altima warning lights come on during a Henderson drive, you might have a feeling of panic set in. Dec 04, 2018 · A Nissan class action lawsuit alleges that a Forward Emergency Braking system installed in some of its vehicles is defective. The warning light of Nissan Rogue blinks on your SUV panel when the battery voltage is leaking or discharging in your SUV. — Your NISSAN dealer’s name — Your comments or questions OR You can write to NISSAN with the information at: For U. If a malfunction occurs in the front passenger air bag system, the supplemental air bag warning light , located in the meter and gauges area, will blink. The contact stated that the front radar obstructed message was displayed. Sep 05, 2021 · The contact owns a 2018 Nissan Rogue. 2019 Nissan Rogue. WARNING:. Here are your most common Nissan Rogue warning lights…. CARS. Li indicator turns at while you see similar objects properly raise each nissan rogue malfunction see owners manual pdf download. So the wannenty people say if Home / OEM Calibration Requirements Search / 2019 Nissan Rogue. Mar 23, 2017 · The most serious warning lights will illuminate in red, telling you that your Nissan is in need of some attention from a certified Nissan service center. In the two days I've had my 2019 Kicks now, I've notice that my front warning went off twice, once when a car Apr 04, 2021 · The 2019 Nissan Rogue has a 2. CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 65 WARNING WARNING Operating, servicing and maintaining a passenger vehicle or off-highway motor vehicle can expose you to chemicals including engine exhaust, carbon monoxide, phthalates, and lead, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. Find information on collision, auto repair, and genuine Nissan parts at the Nissan Collision Center. Nissan North America has taken the position Sep 21, 2018 · Nissan’s intelligent Safety Shield, which the radar is part of, is standard on all 2018 Altima, 2018 Leaf, 2018. FOREWORD. The 2017 and 2018 Common 2014-2020 Nissan Rogue Problems. 2018 rogue - collision warning. Consumer Affairs Department P. Front samething like when you are at a 4 way stop if you go forward before the care is all the way from in front of you it will stop. - If the AWD warning light blinks while driving: — blinks rapidly (about twice a second): Pull off the road in a safe area, and idle the engine. Nissan North America has taken the position Jul 29, 2019 · The staff here at Nissan Guam is here to help educate their customers on what the warning lights inside Nissan vehicles mean. READ FIRST—THEN DRIVE SAFELY. 5-liter 4-cylinder engine and a continuously variable transmission. Mar 31, 2021 · 2018 Nissan Rogue brakes problems: Breaking without warning, a BS malfunction warning, and more The top and most reported problem about the 2018 Nissan Rogue deals with the brake system. Oct 19, 2018 · Forward Collision Avoidance Problem on the 2017 NISSAN ROGUE. While it may sound complex, the technology is actually quite simple. For example, adding to the list of previously available Nissan Safety Shield technologies such as radar-based Blind Spot Warning (BSW) and Rear Cross Traffic Alert (RCTA) (both now standard on Rogue SV grade in addition to Rogue Jun 19, 2018 · Nissan Dashboard Symbols and Meanings, All nissan vehicles Altima, Qashqai, Rogue, sentra, Tiida, murano, maxima and so on dashboard warning lights and images with detail, tips and guidelines of possible actions dashboard warning light does nissan rogue warning malfunction see owners manual this area of the charge. Check the fuel-filler cap if the LOOSE FUEL CAP warning appears in the vehicle information display. Nissan Rogue Owners Manual / Starting and driving / Forward Collision Warning (FCW) system (if so equipped) The Forward Collision Warning (FCW) system will warn the driver by flashing the FCW indicator light and providing a warning chime when your vehicle is getting close to the vehicle ahead in the traveling lane. We have the safety package, which includes the blind side warning (BSW), Lane Departure Warning (LDW) and Forward Collision Warning (FCW). Some systems may also tighten your seat belt and pre-charge the brakes, making it easier for you to Jun 06, 2021 · Forward Collision Avoidance May Malfunction. If you are parking forward into a parking spot with a wall and you do not stop right away, The car will. However I prefer one that reads codes, abs, srs, and other manufacturer specific systems. VIN KNMAT2MV9HP60859 Average Retail Price. 5 m); Yellow 3 ft (1 m); Green 7 ft (2 m) and 10 ft (3 m). Home / OEM Calibration Requirements Search / 2016 Nissan Rogue. Revision: 2008 August 2009 Rogue Feb 23, 2017 · Nissan also warns that it has no way of knowing whether an aftermarket bumper cover will be compatible with the blind-spot warning system and recommends using a new OEM cover. Sep 09, 2016 · As part of a major revision for the 2017 model year, the popular Nissan Rogue crossover now includes the widest range of available advanced technology features ever. • After the work is completed, check that no system malfunction is detected by air bag warning lamp. nissan rogue front collision warning malfunction
qs5 kaq few z5k z2f xjt 7sa paz poa qyg iff iek qoj ura qq2 3uy qdi ren tau ugmColumbus, the capital city of Ohio, is home to Ohio State University. Many of Columbus’ family-friendly cultural attractions, such as history and art museums, are located inside the university’s campus. Families who want to get outdoors together will find networks of biking trails throughout the city. Sports fans can go with their family members to see professional hockey and soccer teams in Columbus. Even though Columbus is a populated city, families can find facilities to watch animals in the Central Ohio city.
Parks
In Columbus, families can spend the day at parks with facilities for people who are looking for a challenging hike, a casual game of basketball or softball, or a relaxing day of fishing. Many parks have paths for people who want to go for a walk, jog or bike ride. Younger and older individuals can play a variety of sports at Antrim Park, such as cricket, rugby, basketball and volleyball. On the Olentangy River Greenway, a 13.8-mile-long trail that goes by the park’s pond and runs into the downtown area, visitors can take a bike ride or go for a hike. Families can try to catch rainbow trout while fishing off the shore or the dock of the park’s public fishing pond.
Amusement Centers
In Columbus, families with younger or older children can have fun together, racing around on go-kart tracks, playing a game of laser tag or challenging each other in interactive video games. Magic Mountains Fun Centers’ Polaris center features go-kart tracks for older children and adults. On one of the tracks, younger children can ride with adults in go karts. The center also has a laser tag arena and two 18-hole miniature golf courses for families.
Water Parks
Although the city does not have ideal weather for swimming outside during the fall, winter and early spring, families can venture to Fort Rapids Indoor Waterpark Resort to enjoy water activities during the colder months of the year. The western-style water park resort features an adult-only hot tub that can hold up to 30 people and a children’s play area with children’s water slides. Different members of the family can play around on a 40-foot-tall tower with a dumping bucket feature, ride twisting tube slides that go indoors and outdoors, or venture to an activity pool with water basketball games.
Animal Attractions
Families can see a wide assortment of animals, especially mammals, inside Columbus’ parks, zoos and aquariums. At the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, children can see rare and endangered animals from different parts of the world, such as kangaroos, a black rhino, Siberian tigers, an African elephant and gorillas. The zoo also features shows with animals performing unexpected feats, such as kangaroos blowing up tires. The facility offers children opportunities to interact with snakes, sheep and other animals. The aquarium boots a tank where children can touch sea creatures, such as sea stars or horseshoe crabs.
Cultural Attractions and Museums
Parents can find learning activities in Columbus in places such as museums, art galleries and theaters. The Columbus Children’s Theatre features performances of popular fairy tales and children’s stories. Plays at the theatre have been adapted from works such as Doreen Cronin’s book “Click, Clack, Moo: Cows That Type” and Douglas Evans’ “The Elevator Family.” During the fall, the theatre hosts classes for children from ages 3 to 16, where they can learn acting and singing techniques. At a number of different museums and historic sites, including the King Arts Complex and the Kelton House Museum and Garden, children can learn more about different aspects of Columbus’ black history, including its underground railroad sites and jazz scenes.
References
- Greater Columbus Convention and Visitors Bureau: Multicultural
- Great Columbus Convention and Visitors Bureau: Family
- Greater Columbus Convention and Visitors Bureau: Recreation
- The Weather Channel: Monthly Averages for Columbus, Ohio
- Columbus Recreation and Parks Department: Antrim Park
- King Arts Complex.Chandlee named administrative judge of Calvert Circuit Court
- Calvert County
-
- By Press Release, Maryland Judiciary
ANNAPOLIS, MD - Maryland Court of Appeals Chief Judge Mary Ellen Barbera has named Judge Mark S. Chandlee county administrative judge of the Circuit Court for Calvert County, effective March 21.
Judge Chandlee succeeds Judge E. Gregory Wells, who has been appointed to the Court of Special Appeals by Gov. Larry Hogan. Judge Wells served as county administrative judge since March 1. He succeeded Judge Marjorie L. Clagett, who had been county administrative judge for nearly seven years before her retirement on Feb. 28.
“Judge Wells has provided exemplary service to the Judiciary, the people of Calvert County, and the citizens of Maryland,” Chief Judge Barbera said. “I know he will be a valuable addition to the appellate bench. Judge Chandlee has a strong background as an effective and dynamic manager, which makes him eminently qualified to take on the tasks ahead and lead the court during this next era of service. I look forward to working with him.”
County administrative judges oversee the administration of the court, budget, and procurement functions. They also manage trial calendars to ensure the expeditious disposition of cases.
“I am honored to have Chief Judge Barbera’s support and trust as I assume this new responsibility,” Judge Chandlee said. “I feel privileged to have worked with Judge Wells and Judge Clagett for the past several years. They have provided wonderful examples of leadership that I intend to build upon. I welcome this opportunity to serve my community and the courts in this new capacity.”
Judge Chandlee was appointed to the Circuit Court for Calvert County in October 2013. He is presiding judge of the Calvert County Adult Treatment Court. Judge Chandlee serves as vice chair on the Maryland Judicial Council’s Specialty Courts and Docket Committee and is a member of the Joint Work Group on Human Trafficking and the Juvenile Law Committee’s Juvenile Justice Subcommittee. Judge Chandlee was a member of the Judicial Council’s Education Committee from 2015 to 2018 and served as chair of its Technology Training Services Subcommittee from 2016 to 2017.
After graduating from Frostburg State College in 1984 with a major in political science, Judge Chandlee attended the University of Vermont School of Law from 1984 to 1985. He earned his Juris Doctor from the University of Baltimore School of Law and was admitted to the Maryland Bar in 1987. After clerking for Judge Ernest A. Loveless, Jr., Seventh Judicial Circuit, from 1987 to 1988, Judge Chandlee was an associate with Miller & Webster, P.A., in 1989 and served as assistant state’s attorney for Prince George’s County from 1989 to 1992. He was with Eugene M. Zoglio, P.A., from 1992 to 2006, and was a partner with Zoglio & Chandlee from 2006 to 2013.
“I have known Judge Chandlee for many years. He is dedicated to our community and he is an astute jurist and effective manager,” Judge Wells said. “It is reassuring to be able to join the Court of Special Appeals knowing the administration of the Calvert County Circuit Court is in such capable hands.”
“Our community is fortunate to have such talent on the bench with Judge Wells and Judge Chandlee,” Judge Clagett said. “Judge Wells will continue to provide valuable service to the people of Maryland in this new, well-deserved appointment to the Court of Special Appeals, and Judge Chandlee will lead the Circuit Court for Calvert County. It has been a true honor to serve my community alongside these two exemplary jurists.”Product descriptionCurrent colourway is: Silver - Click to see more colourways
Was: £45.00
Now:
£33.75
per roll
Available in 7-10 days
Timeless and elegant, this beautiful tartan check design is made even more stunning with the addition of shimmering metallic details running throughout. The paper has a light textural quality that mimics a woven fabric. Shown here in the Silver colourway. Other colourways are available.
Please request a sample for true colour and texture match.
- Colourway
- Silver
- Product code
- 104722
- Product type
- Wallpaper
- Width
- 0.52 m
- Length
- 10 m
- Repeat
- 0.53 m
- Hanging method
- Paste the wall How To video
- Wallpaper type
- StandardNTR organizes and hosts scientific webinars on neural networks and invites speakers from all over the world to present their recent work.
On November 9 Alexander Novikov, Deepmind, London, UK, presented a technical Zoom webinar on Offline Imitation Learning from Demonstrations Plus Unlabeled Data.
About the webinar:
Behavior cloning (BC) works well for imitation learning, because it allows a policy to be trained offline without rewards by supervised learning on expert demonstrations. But often in practice we only have a few high quality demonstrations (not nearly enough to train a good BC agent) and a large corpus of unlabeled trajectories of unknown quality without reward annotations, which are not directly useful for a BC agent. This unlabeled data can come from human teleoperation, scripted policies and other agents running on the same robot.
In this talk I covered a few techniques for training offline RL agents from such data by first learning a reward function by contrasting observations from demonstrator and unlabeled trajectories, then annotating all data with the learned reward, and finally training an agent via offline reinforcement learning.
Webinar presentation.
Moderator and contact: NTR CEO Nick Mikhailovsky: nickm@ntrlab.com.5.00 Rating - 90 Reviews
Angi Angi is a major name in business reviews. As a platform for accurate information about local businesses from vetted users, Angi comes with a guarantee that the reviews on its website are legitimate.
YelpYelp was founded to help people find great local businesses. In addition to reviews, you can use Yelp to find events, lists and to talk with other Yelpers.As summer’s warmth fades and the air starts to take on a chilly crispness, shopping for a new winter coat may be the last thing you feel like doing. However, it’s actually the perfect time to pick up one of the best winter jackets for women, as many of them are in stock now — and winter will be here before we know it! What better way to cheer yourself up — and of course, stay warm and dry — than to treat yourself to a new winter jacket that will see you through as the colder seasons come alive? And then, when winter is officially here, you’ll be all set with a gorgeous winter coat to keep you nice and cozy until spring!
What are the best winter jackets for women of 2021?
- Best compact winter jacket for women : Argo Peak Jacket
- Best women’s winter jacket for extreme cold : Canada Goose Trillium Parka
- Best waterproof winter jacket for women : Patagonia Nano Puff Insulated Jacket
- Best plus size women’s winter jacket : Heavenly Long Hooded Jacket
- Best winter jacket for tall women : Canada Goose Alliston Parka
- Best winter jacket on Amazon : Orolay Thickened Down Jacket
- Best trench coat jacket for women : Eddie Bauer Girl on the Go Trench
- Best wool winter jacket for women : Lauren Ralph Lauren Wool Blend Trench Coat
- Best quilted puffer jacket for women : Lauren Ralph Lauren Faux Fur Trim Down Puffer Coat
- Best long winter jacket for women : Women’s Ultralight 850 Down Jacket
If you missed out on purchasing the best winter jackets for women last season, you’re sure to find great options to suit your size and style right now, as retailers are starting to shift their warm weather inventories over to cold weather wear.
We’ve rounded up a crop of jackets that will not only keep you toasty in extreme cold, but will serve you well right through any surprise snowstorms or other unseasonable squalls. A colorful new winter jacket is just the ticket on a cold, dreary day, and nothing takes the chill out of a lingering winter like a little retail therapy!
Our picks range from trendy jackets that are well-crafted enough to last for many seasons, to waterproof trenches and windproof parkas that are as chic and comfortable as they are practical. Whether you’re looking to invest in a heavy-duty winter jacket that’s made to last, or a budget-friendly choice that will serve you well for seasons to come, you’ll find something to love on our list.
When’s the best time to buy a winter jacket?
If you waited a little too long to buy a winter coat last year, you’re in luck. Many of the best winter jacket brands, such as The North Face, Columbia, and L.L. Bean have replenished their stocks, so getting a head start now will ensure you get the coat that fits your comfort and aesthetic preferences, as well as budget. Discounts might not be as plentiful with the cold seasons on the horizon, but our list of the best winter jackets for women includes warm, chic options in a range of price points.
Don’t wait too long, though, because the later in the season it gets, the slimmer the pickings will be. That said, retailers like Amazon are pretty good about keeping everything in stock year-round. After all, as unpredictable as the weather has been in many places lately, you never know when you’ll need to bundle up!
What is the best winter jacket for women?
When thinking about what kind of winter jacket you want, there are many factors to consider. Do you want a puffer jacket that hits at your waist, a parka that goes below your hips, or a full-length jacket that covers you up all the way past your knees? Do you prefer a jacket with a hood, and if so, should that hood be fur-lined, removable, adjustable, or all three?
It goes without saying that you’ll want a winter jacket with pockets, but do you want them to zip closed so your gloves don’t get lost? And how many extra pockets do you need for phones and other gear?
When it comes to color, are you the kind of person who likes to keep it simple with a classic black jacket, or would you prefer a pop of color? A red jacket stands out in a sea of neutrals, and a purple or pink jacket is always a fun choice. Whatever you’re looking for, there’s a winter jacket out there that’s perfect for you — and we think you’ll find it on this list.
What are the warmest winter jackets?
If you live in a place where the temperature regularly dips below zero in the winter, you’ll want a coat that offers serious warmth. (Don’t miss our roundup of the best winter coats for extreme cold!). Down filling is the go-to choice for the warmest winter jackets, but if you’re looking for a vegan winter jacket, a wool jacket, or a faux-fur jacket, there are plenty of stylish options to keep you warm as well.
Brands like Patagonia, Columbia, Lands’ End, and The North Face are all known for making stylish, sturdy cold weather apparel, and for good reason — their winter jackets are well-crafted and stand the test of time. But other brands you may not have heard of, such as OROS, which makes high-tech outerwear using the same material NASA uses to insulate spacecrafts, or vegan-approved retailer Noize, which makes a full line of cruelty-free, sustainable jackets and coats for both men and women, shouldn’t be overlooked.
You’ll also find fabulous picks by smaller labels at Anthropologie and other boutique retailers. In fact, there are so many different brands making winter jackets you’ll love, we recommend getting more than one!
How much does a winter jacket cost?
A good winter jacket can easily run you several hundred dollars — Canada Goose down jackets are notoriously pricey (but worth it!). But if you don’t want to spend that kind of money, there are plenty of more affordable choices. Try looking at department stores like Nordstrom, and of course, discount stores like Walmart, that old standby for savings. Amazon also has a wide selection of winter jackets, and many of them are less than $100.
Looking for other cold season outerwear to stock up on now? Check out all our guides to the best winter wear!
- 12 Best Winter Boots for Women
- 14 Best Winter Gloves for Women
- 26 Best Winter Coats for Women
- 13 Best Winter Coats for Extreme Cold
- 11 Best Plus Size Coats for Women
Keep scrolling to shop our picks for the best winter jackets for women, so you’ll be ready for whatever Mother Nature throws your way!
See more of our best product recommendations.
We write about products we think our readers will like. If you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the supplier.
20 Best Winter Jackets for Women of 2021
Argo Peak JacketBest compact winter jacket for women
Buy from Jack Wolfskin, $349.95
Why we like it:
- Warm and lightweight
- Trillium Parkabest women's winter jacket for extreme cold
Buy from Canada Goose, $1,150
Why we like it:
- Has a slimming cinched waist design
- Comes in 13 gorgeous colors
- Customizable hood
Designed for arctic conditions, this jacket will keep you warm even when temperatures fall far below zero. Leave the puffy coats behind and enjoy the cinched waist design for a slimming effect. Canada Goose jackets are certainly not cheap, but their durability and quality craftsmanship makes them worth the investment. This one comes in a rainbow of colors, ranging from classic black to bold red.
Happy customer: “Ever since getting this jacket, my husband and I have taken multiple night trips to NYC within the last couple of weeks, and have felt so comfortable walking around 25 degree weather plus wind chill. Also for work and school, I have to walk a good distance and it definitely keeps me warm. Great investment!”
Patagonia Nano Puff Insulated JacketBest Waterproof Winter jacket for Women
Buy from Dick’s Sporting Goods, $199
Why we like it:
- Lightweight
- Stylish
- Highly water-repellent
Need something to keep you dry in a squall, but don’t want a heavy winter coat? This Patagonia water-resistant jacket is just the ticket. It’s a light, quilted jacket with a durable water-repellent finish, and available in four lovely colors, in addition to gray, white, or black — a basic that’s easy to throw on and super stylish, as well!
Happy customer: “Got this in black and wore it on vacation. It was perfect for the cool spring weather in Melbourne. It’s lightweight yet kept me warm, and surprisingly I did not overheat as the temperature got a little warmer. Enjoyed having a hidden zippered pocket for valuables too. Only improvement would be just a tad more room in the waist/hip area. It’s also easy to wash and quick to dry.”
Heavenly Long Hooded JacketBest plus size women's winter jacket
Why we like it:
- Comes in 8 great colors
- Water-resistant shell
- Warm but not bulky
This toasty jacket is filled with synthetic down insulation and covered with a water-resistant shell to keep you warm and dry no matter what the weather throws at you. An interior pocket keeps keys, phones, and other necessities safe, and clever cuffs featuring thumb holes prevent sleeves from riding up and leaving your wrists exposed to the elements. From the attached hood to the drop tail, this jacket has you covered from head to, well, caboose!
Happy customer: “I live in Michigan and our winters can get bitterly cold, so a warm jacket is a must! I love this jacket because it is very comfortable and warm, despite it being lightweight! The Omni-heat lining works amazingly well and I love that the sleeves have a thumbhole at the bottom. This is the second one of these jackets that I’ve purchased because I love it so much and wanted it in a different color. Highly recommend!”
Canada Goose Alliston ParkaBest winter jacket for tall women
Buy from Canada Goose, $1,095
Why we like it:
- Extra-long length
- Insulated with 750-fill-power down
- Ultra-lightweight
If you’re tall, it can be tough to find a winter jacket that keeps you warm through the hips and fits your long arms without tugging. Luckily, this Alliston Parka by Canada Goose is extra-long, and features wrist cuffs with convenient thumbholes to keep sleeves from riding up! Besides that, it’s filled with down insulation from head to toe (or, mid-calf!), its ‘feather-light’ ripstop material keeps it from feeling too heavy or bulky, and its streamlined silhouette even looks quite stylish.
Happy customer: “Warm, stylish, and full-length! Runs big in my opinion: I am usually a size large and had to go for the medium. I am 5”11 and the medium fit just right, including my long arms!”
Orolay Thickened Down JacketBest winter jacket on amazon
Buy from Amazon, starting at $159.99
Why we like it:
- 4.5 stars on Amazon with nearly 12,000 reviews
- Available in 13 colors and patterns
- Lots of pockets
This jacket is so popular, it’s known simply as “The Amazon Coat” — and we can see why people love it! If you’re a fan of pockets, you can’t do better than this jacket: It’s got six huge ones, with zipper closures to keep them secure! It’s also got a fleece-lined hood, down filling to keep you warm (genuine duck feathers and down, vegans beware), and soft, ribbed knit cuffs. The most difficult thing about this jacket will be trying to decide on a color — it comes in 13 different shades, including two different camouflage options!
Happy customer: , ‘I love your coat!'”
Eddie Bauer Girl on the Go TrenchBest Trench Coat jacket for Women
Buy from Eddie Bauer, $89.40  jacket.
Happy customer: “This coat is a winner! Don’t even hesitate to buy it. A removable hood, an easily accessible phone pocket, lined pockets that zip on the sides, great length for warmth and rain protection and classic enough to wear to work. The hood adjusts to be snug enough to stay on in our miserable winds … Now I only need this one coat for any trip when we finally get to travel again. In the meantime I wear it for our daily three mile walks.”
Lauren Ralph Lauren Wool Blend Trench CoatBest wool winter jacket for women
Buy from Nordstrom, $299.90 (originally $380)
Why we like it:
- Available in black or khaki
- Beautifully tailored
- Removable sash-tie waist
A wool winter coat is essential for those events when you just can’t wear a puffer coat, and this gorgeous design by Lauren Ralph Lauren is our pick. We love the optional sash belt and pictured camel color, but this trench coat also comes in classic black, if you’d prefer. Front welt pockets keep your hands warm, and a double-breasted button front helps keep the heat in. That said, this isn’t the coat for walking around on a bitterly cold day; however, if you need a more formal winter coat for a fancy occasion, this is the one!
No reviews yet, but yours could be the first!
Lauren Ralph Lauren Faux Fur Trim Down Puffer CoatBEST Quilted PUffer jacket for women
Buy from Nordstrom, $199.90 (originally $330)
Why we like it:
- Insulated with 450-fill-power down
- Available in four!”
Women’s Ultralight 850 Down JacketBest long winter jacket for women
Why we like it:
- Available in regular, petite, and plus sizes
- Comes in 4 colors
- Machine wash and dry
Premium 850 down makes this full-length jacket super warm while also being lightweight. It resists moisture better than regular down, and dries faster, keeping you dry and comfy no matter what winter brings. A durable nylon shell, insulated attached hood, elastic cuffs, and an interior pocket make this a long winter jacket with everything you need!
Happy customer: “I love this coat. It is so warm and yet lightweight. The hood is a wonderful extra and also fits very well. It is longer than most coats so keeps my legs warm, too. I walk outside all winter and this coat has made it so much more comfortable.”
Canada Goose Shelburne Parka Fusion Fit
Best fur-trimmed winter jacket for women
Buy from Canada Goose, $1,150
Why we like it:
- Fur-trimmed hood keeps out the chill
- Available in 12 colors including this standout red
- Stands up to extreme cold
Little Red Riding Hood was never so warm — but maybe she would have been, if she’d used that big bad wolf’s fur to line her cloak! This gorgeous red jacket from Canada Goose has a hood trimmed with genuine coyote fur, and is insulated with 625-power-fill down to keep you warm on the coldest days. The pockets are lined with fleece, the hood is adjustable, and the jacket hits at mid-thigh. We love the red, but it comes in 11 other colors as well! (And sure, Canada Goose parkas are pricey, but they’re worth it if you are looking to invest in a winter jacket that will keep you warm and dry in any weather).
Happy customer: “I bought this jacket a month ago. We have had a few frigid days already and it’s kept me so warm even on windy days! I love the lined pockets that keep my hands toasty. And the cuffs keep the wind from coming up the sleeve. The fit is great… I bought this jacket for the warmth and it delivered! Super happy with this purchase!“
Ultralight Packable Down Jacket With HoodBest lightweight Down jacket for Women
Buy from Lands’ End, starting at $92.47 (originally $184.95)
Why we like it:
- Rolls up and packs into a pocket
- 800-fill-power down insulation for serious warmth
- Comes in 6 stylish colors
Believe it or not, this entire jacket can be rolled up and packed into its own pocket, making it the ultimate in portability. It’s also a great value, at less than $200 for an 800-fill-power down insulated jacket that falls below the hip. It’s not bulky, but it will keep you warm — and yes, it has a hood, too! Water-resistant, stylish, breathable, and available in six great colors, this jacket is an affordable option you’ll love.
Happy customer: “Very warm and not heavy… Worth the sale price and delivery was great! Excellent value as always with Lands’ End!“
Valuker Down JacketBest women's winter jacket with fur hood
Buy from Amazon, starting, face mask, and other must-haves, and the windproof, waterproof material will keep them safe and dry. Besides the affordable price tag, you’ll love that this jacket comes in a wide array of colors.
Happy customer: “This coat held up well last winter. I lived in a town center and walked everywhere to run errands — in wind, rain, sleet, fire, and locusts. As it’s starting to get chilly again, I’ve unpacked the coat and am looking forward to wearing it again this winter.”
MICHAEL Michael Kors Maxi Length Belted Down PufferBEST hooded winter jacket for women
Why we like it:
- Calf-length
- Detachable collar with faux fur trim
- Adjustable push clasp belt
Let’s face it: It’s a lot harder to look cute in the winter, when we’re all bundled up and trying to keep warm! That said, this maxi-length coat by MICHAEL Michael Kors proves you can have it all. It goes all the way down to your calves for extra coverage, and is filled with a mixture of down and feather insulation to keep you cozy. Function aside, can we talk about how beautiful this coat is?! Faux fur trim adorns the detachable hood, while an adjustable push clasp belt allows you to adjust the waist to your desired comfort and style. It’s also got a chic upright collar, with zippers on each side of the bottom that you can open for easier movement.
No reviews yet, but yours could be the first!
Columbia Mountain Croo Long Down JacketBest plus size long Down winter jacket
Buy from Columbia Sportswear, $280
Why we like it:
- Available in 1X, 2X, and 3X
- Comes in black, blue, or olive green, as well as ‘Malbec’ (pictured)
- Waterproof
This plus-size jacket!
Happy customer: “Excellent quality. This coat is a must-have for my closet. Perfect for a walk, biking to market, or enjoying a cup of social-distancing coffee with a friend at a park. It fits my active, curvy body perfectly and keeps [me] warm and toasty during the cold, windy, and drizzling days of winter.”
The Gigi ParkaBest vegan winter jacket for women
Why we like it:
- Made from 100 percent animal-free, sustainable, PETA-approved materials
- Available in 9 gorgeous colors
- Stylish and warm
If you’re looking for a winter jacket that’s cruelty-free and contains no material sourced from animals, you can’t do better than a jacket from Noize, which has the PETA seal of approval and makes a wide range of vegan outerwear. We love their Gigi Parka, and would wear it whether we were vegan or not! It’s super stylish, with a nipped-in waist, asymmetrical front zipper, and a sweetheart hood lined with vegan fur. And with nine lovely shades to choose from in sizes from XS to XXL , you’re sure to find one that suits you!
Happy customer: “I’ve been looking for a vegan winter coat option for years and wish I had found Noize sooner. I was skeptical that this coat would be as warm as my North Face down coat but it is above and beyond. I’ve tested this out in subzero New England conditions for several weeks and it lives up to all its promises. It’s so warm I can wear a thin shirt under and feel warm and toasty without all the bulk. Quality of coat is amazing too. Fits true to size.”
Cole Haan Bib Insert Down & Feather Fill CoatBEST down jacket for women
Buy from Nordstrom Rack, $99.97 (originally $280)
Why we like it:
- Insulated with down-and-feather fill
- Water-repellent finish
- Machine washable
This hooded Cole Haan jacket is everything you want in a winter jacket..
Happy customer: “I never write reviews but had to say how much I love this coat! …. It’s keeping me very warm in the Chicago winter already. It’s also very flattering. I love the bib inside. Five stars without a doubt!“
Bellivera Faux Fur JacketBEST faux fur winter jacket for women
Buy from Amazon, starting at $34.41 jacket will add a splash of color to your winter wardrobe. Wear it with jeans and keep it casual, or pair it with a warm skirt for a night out — it looks great dressed up or down.
Happy customer: “I love this jacket … beautiful and very soft. I originally got it thinking it’d be a lighter jacket, but to be quite honest it’s much warmer than expected. The material is beautiful on the inside, as well [as] soft and sleek. I highly recommend this coat for cold weather.”
Eddie Bauer Sun Valley Down ParkaBest Eddie Bauer jacket on Amazon
Buy from Amazon, starting at $209
Why we like it:
- Front pocket is the perfect size to hold a phone
- Durable, water-repellent finish
- Warm fleece lining
Which of the six colors will you choose if you buy this jacket? That might be the toughest decision to make when picking out a new winter jacket comfort, and the fleece lining feels cozy, even over layers. (Yes, the pockets are fleece-lined and zip up!).
Happy customer: “This coat is amazing. Fits beautifully, flatters the figure, and is very warm. I live in Fairbanks, Alaska; this last week we saw temperatures as low as -42. I stayed very comfortable in this coat. I love the minky lined cuffs and pockets. Breast pocket is perfect for my iPhone 8 Plus, and keeps it inside the down layer. I ordered an XXL for my large bust and it fits perfectly. I did order and try two other Eddie Bauer coats, but this is the one I kept. Will definitely buy from them again.”
The North Face Women’s ThermoBall Eco Insulated Hooded JacketBest North Face women's Winter jacket
Buy from Amazon, starting at $109.98
Why we like it:
- Made from 100 percent recycled polyester
- Available in 9 jacket is made from 100 percent recycled polyester, so it’s environmentally-friendly!
Happy customer: “I live in the southeastern part of the US and this is a great jacket for our not-too-cold autumn and winter days. And such a bargain that I bought two — one for me and one for a friend. Love the jacket and color. Love that this jacket is light as a feather but surprisingly warm.”SKU FX3470
- Regular fit
- Lace closure
- Leather upper
- High top shoes
- Textile lining
- Rubber outsole
- Imported
- Product color: Legacy Green / Core Black / Lush Red
adidas x Des of Fat Tiger collaborated on the iconic Rivalry Hi Shoes. The suede and mesh high tops come in Legacy Green with "We All We Got" on the tongues and the heels of the shoes.Businessman.
The court heard a second man was also involved in the July 12 attack.
Prosecutor Martyn Walsh said: “The man was assaulted. He fell to the floor and was assaulted by both the defendant and the other man, who is not before the court.
“Weston kicked and punched him causing injuries. They left the scene and an ambulance was called.
“It was a sustained assault on a vulnerable homeless man.”
Weston, of Cornwallis Street, Stoke, pleaded guilty to inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Stuart Muldoon, mitigating, said the assault was borne out of frustration because Weston’s business had been broken into on several occasions.
Mr Muldoon said: “This does not excuse his actions. His frustrations boiled over.
“Initially his intention was not to assault him but he accepts he became frustrated. His intention was to make a citizen’s arrest because he had been told the man had offended against him.
“The defendant said, ‘I do not know what made me run after him. I think I just had enough’. He had consumed some alcohol but would not describe himself as drunk.
“Since the incident he has seen the man on a number of occasions and there have been no further issues.”
Judge Paul Glenn said the level of violence meant Weston had to go to jail.
He said: “This was an unpleasant offence. You took the law into your own hands and decided you were going to administer some punishment of your own.”WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy said Tuesday that he won’t support a proposal to form an independent, bipartisan commission to study the deadly Jan. 6 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol, almost certainly eroding GOP support ahead of a vote and positioning his party as opposed to investigations of the  American people expect and deserve the truth about what happened on January 6th in a manner that strengthens our democracy and ensures that January 6th never happens again.”
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer vowed to bring the House measure for a vote, forcing Republicans to choose. “Republicans can let their constituents know: Are they on the side for truth or are they going to cover up?” Schumer said.
But the Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said he’s “pushing the pause button,” taking a look at the proposal and a related bill to beef up Capitol security.
Ahead of the House.
McConnell objected to the initial proposal by Pelosi, saying it should be bipartisan and also investigate last summer’s riots, but said Tuesday that Senate Republicans are “undecided.”.
Schumer questioned why Republicans even negotiate with Democrats “if the Republican leaders are just going to throw their lead negotiators under the bus.”.Best Essay Writers […]
Are you getting tired of your homework assignments? Aren’t looking for some joy? We are here to help. Thanks to our academic writers you can complete your boring essay with a high grade, as well as having fun with your fellow students or simply have some free time to spend on watching a movie or even getting a good nap. Students are tired of endless work. It’s not a secret. Our writing services can help you to be happy and make school nights enjoyable.
Students are not just students. Students are people who like to be entertained. If you are looking to spend a few evenings free of homework, make contact with us for a composition. We’ll handle it. We offer expert writing services that will deliver high-quality, original work that will make you feel proud. We make it possible to get high grades and plenty of free time to go out and watch a movie with your friends or girlfriend/boyfriend.
Do you usually do your homework at night or in the morning? Wouldn’t it be nice to get your homework completed automatically? It’s possible. It’s easy to purchase your text. We handle everything else. This way you’ll have no problems and can enjoy plenty of time. There are plenty of things that you can do right now, instead of writing boring assignments. Instead of spending all day writing an academic paper or a research paper, you could visit a friend’s house or watch a movie or simply relax as we complete the essay. Call us now so you don’t lose any time.
It is a lie to say that there is no way to finish an essay unless you write it yourself. The platform allows you to quickly create a high-quality work. Our expert writers are skilled in more than 35 different areas.
Religion.
Marketing.
Economics.
Science.
Biology.
Physics.
Accounting.
The History.
Medical.
Chemistry.
Business
Finance
Literature
etc.
We ensure that you get a top-quality composition in every field and as quickly as you can. We ensure you free of plagiarism with thorough research of the topic and a high mark. You can visit our website for an easy and stress-free education at your own home.
Our website is an excellent platform for creative and academic writing. We have assembled the most skilled writers, who are eager and able to deliver you the highest quality work in a short time. Our writers are adept at creating texts for all school disciplines. We know how hard it can be to compose a piece on an unrelated subject. That is why we’re able to help you with it and write it for you. Contact us now to place an order.
The authors who are experts come from academic backgrounds. So don’t be surprised by a low quality piece of work. The final result is a total satisfaction for every client. Get your assignment completed fast and effortlessly. We can guarantee that you get the top academic paper writing service.
Why should you order custom essays on Our Website?
We are being sought out by more and more students from across the nation to help them write important papers. It is natural to ask, “Why choose us?” and “How do we differ from other companies that are available?” Here’s a list with reasons why you should pick us.
Native speakers compose the expert writers. They can create custom written papers for clients and also satisfy their needs.
The support team for customers responds very promptly, so should you require a revision, you’ll be able to contact one of our experts quickly.
Our aim is to meet the needs of each and every student. That’s what we’ve achieved. However, they’re not with low quality. The affordable prices mean that anyone can get the best paper.
We always meet deadlines.
Paper orders are accepted on all topics and subjects, as we are confident that we can satisfy the demands of the customer and deliver best quality work.
Every school demands that the work is unique. We are aware of how vital this is for academic compositions. To prove it, we provide you with an Turnitin Report.
Our talented writers can create articles on any subject. It doesn’t matter if you’re still in the school system or are currently in college.
We recognize the importance of maintaining confidentiality. This is the reason we guarantee our cooperation to remain confidential to the fullest extent possible.
It is time to order essays online and improve your learning progress
There are numerous online platforms which allow you to purchase an item. But not all of them are affordable. Additionally there are a few that do not provide quality writing. We understand the struggles students face today, and how hard it can be to create high-quality papers. Our mission is to help students with this. We make it easy to purchase high-quality paper for a fair price. It is possible to Best Essay Writers Baltimore, Maryland place an order by contacting our customer service department or placing an order. Our composition writing service is among the best ones. We also provide top-quality writing at an affordable cost to meet the demands of students in need of our assistance.
A term’s end can be the most challenging for students. There’s a lot to do – papers or tests, assignments and even compositions. The grades that students get are crucial. Every single one of those grades matters. Each task can be taken care of by our professional. Our writers are conscious of the importance of meeting the demands of the school. If you are worried that some requirements may not be met, don’t be.
We are happy to offer our customers 24/7 customer support online, through which you can effortlessly reach your writer and ask any concerns. Get essays on the internet now to reduce your time. We promise 100% confidentiality. Our writers are eager to make your life easier by creating the best paper for yourself.
The most sought-after services
- Online Application Essay Writers Tulsa, Oklahoma
- Admission Essay Writing Dallas, Texas
- Online Research paper Writing Denver, Colorado
- Creative Essay Writing help Detroit, Michigan
- Write my Application Essay Jacksonville, Florida
- Essay Writer Seattle, Washington
- Admission Essay Best writing services in Jacksonville, Florida
- Cheap Case Study Writing help Virginia Beach, Virginia
- Buy Application Essay Milwaukee, Wisconsin
- College Creative Essay Help.History books chart much of Maldon’s past but there is a big hole in the timeline. Stephen Nunn investigates.
OVER the years a number of local historians have researched very specific periods of Maldon’s history.
The really great thing about that is, when you join them all together, you end up with a continuous story of the town’s evolution, from the earliest written records right through to present day – well almost…but not quite.
Let me explain what I mean by that. Working backwards through time and glossing over 1946 to 2021 and the 1920s and 30s (both eras which still needs researching), I tried to cover the war years with my two publications, Maldon, the Dengie and Battles in the Skies: 1939-1945 (MAHG 2006) and Maldon, Heybridge and the Great War: 1914-1918 (MAHG 2009).
A number of books chart much of Maldon’s history
Through my friend David Hughes’ fascinating book The Maldonians (Folk Corp 1996) we can learn about life here between 1872 and the outbreak of war in 1914.
We then have a gap of some 72 years, but John Smith picks up the chronology with his The Borough of Maldon 1688-1800: a Golden Age (Brewin 2013).
My late and much lamented friend Bill Petchey takes us back to the next stage with his Prospect of Maldon 1500-1689 (ERO 1992).
We then jump to Maeldune: Light on Maldon’s Distant Past (MAHG 1992) which includes evidence from prehistoric times and the very first settlers, through to the earliest written records of the 10th Century and into Norman Maldon, ending around 1150.
So one of the obvious breaks (that is really crying out for research) relates to the 1150s to 1500 and incorporates that fascinating 14th and 15th Century period of British history which encompasses, on the wider canvas, among other things, the Peasants’ Revolt (1381), the Canterbury Tales (1387-1400) and the Battle of Agincourt (1415).
Trying to unpick what was happening here in Maldon at that time is, however, quite problematic. That is partly due to the Peasants’ Revolt itself, for the rioters destroyed many court records including, it would appear, some of those relating to Maldon.
When Richard II became king (in 1377) Maldon was issued with a confirmatory charter.
Sealed on January 10, in the regnal year 1378/79, it reinforces the town’s liberties, but only in exchange for the building (by March 1 at the latest) of a small sea-going vessel, known as a ‘balinger’.
His successor, Henry IV (r.1399-1413) also issued us with a charter and, on that occasion, demanded some 60 shillings in exchange.
The official town records (or ‘books’) begin in January 1384 (the earlier ones having been lost) and include court entries and the annual appointment of the town’s officials.
In those days we didn’t have a mayor as such, but the office of bailiff was very similar.
John Welles held that position in 1384 and had possibly succeeded John Pere.
Other positions included two town constables to keep law and order, wardens of the fair and market, the curious office of warden of the causeway, and weighers of bread, ale tasters (what a job!), affeerers (who fixed the amount of fines for offences) and wardmen (guards of the legal courts).
In 1403 the Lordship of Maldon was granted to Robert D’Arcy, the previously mentioned John Welles and 20 other named burgesses.
Yet a further confirmatory charter was granted by King Henry V of Agincourt fame (r.1413-1422). Issued on November 5, 1416, on that occasion it cost the town “six marks” (£4) and was thought to be well worth the money to reinforce the borough’s ancient rights.
The Chamberlain’s Accounts detail rental incomes for places that include “the parsonage” (presumably All Saints’ vicarage) at 20d in 1458, St Katherine’s Guild (based in All Saints’) in 1494 at 1d for a strip of waste land, and for a garden at a forgotten place called “Brede-hill”, 4d in 1495.
We also learn that in 1494, the unfortunate “John Brian, a heretic, committed suicide in prison” and that the borough seized all of his belongings, valued at a staggering 28s 3d.
At that point Bill Petchey takes the baton, but there is clearly a rich heritage just waiting to be unpicked through studying documentary sources from the 1370s to his starting point in 1500.
As well as those written records, surviving built heritage can really bring things alive.
Foremost amongst the local architecture of that era is the south aisle of All Saints’ Church.
Constructed around 1330, it was extended eastwards to form the D’Arcy Chapel in 1443, where (Sir) Robert was laid to rest in 1448.
Inside the south aisle is a beautifully carved sedilia (a row of stone seats) with ornate arcading decorated with small heads.
These are, in reality, the stonemason’s relatively standard representations of saints and kings, but I like to imagine that among them are the faces of past Maldonians – people who belong to a special era that is still waiting to be rediscovered.
Stephen N.GoWash Has Partnered With Hand Car Wash Business WavesNews
Posted by: electime 12th November 2021
We are thrilled to announce that GoWash has partnered with family-run, franchised hand car wash business Waves to offer a simple cashless payment option for drivers visiting Waves’ sites.
With over 280 sites dotted across the UK, Waves hand car washes are conveniently located in supermarket car parks making it easy for shoppers to drop off their cars for a clean when stocking up on groceries.
Waves’ purpose-built sites offer a specialist clean, and car owners can rest assured that they’re paying for a “Fair Wash” as Waves works with the Responsible Car Wash Scheme to ensure that every valeter is paid at least the National Minimum/Living Wage.
The Waves team works hard to deliver their core values across their franchised hand car wash estate in all aspects of the business from compliance and ethical trading, to training and support.
Waves Business Development Director Harry Mercer said, “We are delighted to be announcing the partnership with GoWash. We believe that this is a fantastic opportunity for our Franchise Partners to partner with a growing payment platform”.
How to use GoWash to pay for your Waves hand car wash
To find your nearest Waves car wash download the GoWash app and use the filtered search.
When you’ve found a nearby Waves site you can select your preferred wash service and pay securely through the app. It’s that simple to drive clean with Waves and GoWash.
Jonny Billing, founder of GoWash said, “The GoWash team are incredibly excited about our partnership with Waves and look forward to welcoming Franchise Partners onto the GoWash app. We are building strong relationships with British Gas and other major UK fleets, so I know we will bring new customers to Waves Franchise Partners across the UK who are listed on our app”.
Here’s everything you need to know about car wash payment app GoWash
The GoWash app is available for the public to download and offers a simple cashless payment solution for drivers looking for a hand car wash nearby.
GoWash also provides a fleet washing solution. Fleet managers and small business owners can apply for a GoWash Fleet Account and dramatically reduce the admin associated with keeping their company vehicles clean.
The GoWash app allows vehicle owners and fleet drivers to:
- Search for hand car washes, mobile operators, and valeting and detailing centres near their location.
- View opening times, prices, and facilities at the car wash site.
- Pay for their wash with Apple and Google Pay, all major credit/debit cards, or a GoWash Fleet Account.
- View/save their receipt.
The GoWash app is free to download on iOS and Android devices.
Looking for your nearest Waves car wash? Download GoWash and search for a Waves site nearby.
Read more from the GoWash blog:
GoWash Supports Responsible Car Wash Scheme Accreditation
GoWash Launches A Streamlined Fleet Washing ServiceUOXF - University of Oxford
Role in the project
- Providing clinical expertise in human islet transplantation
- Provision of high quality human islets and in vitro testing
Address
- Street: Wellington Square
- City: Oxford
- Country: United Kingdom
- Telephone: +44 1865 270000
- Website:
Principal Investigators
On the map
Fill in your address into the address field below the map and the shortest route will be calculated.WASHINGTON - Congressional Democrats signaled Wednesday they are closing in on a long-elusive deal to overhaul the nation's health care, education, climate and tax laws, setting in motion a tenuous new plan to try to advance President Joe Biden's broader economic agenda as soon as this week.
The frenetic day began with another burst of outreach, as Biden continued the arduous task of crafting a signature spending initiative that could unite his party's ambitious liberals and its two moderate holdouts, Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., and Kyrsten Sinema, D-Ariz.February 14, 2020 Posted by in Uncategorized
News service november 12 the and vivian and presence day Will Grier Womens JerseyHe's also shooting 49 percent from the field and has posted a 56 percent effective field goal mark. Curry missed his third straight game on Sunday because of a tender left knee, which caused him to miss all but three games last season. Also back at outside linebacker is veteran Sam Acho, who originally joined the Bears in 2015 Cheap NFL Jerseys Free Shipping after spending his first four NFL seasons with the Cardinals. Arizona Cheap NFL Jerseys Free Shipping Cardinals 9. His next start is yet to... Our third period wasn't good enough. Miami Dolphins from Pittsburgh Steelers 19. New York Jets 12. Buffalo Bills 24. Baltimore Ravens Dependent on Playoff Results The Top 10 Most Tweeted About Male Athletes in 2019 per Twitter Sports 1. Allen could always suffer a setback, while at the very least Barkley looks like he's quickly leapfrogged Nathan Peterman and Derek Anderson to find a relatively permanent home on the depth chart. As we reflected on the timing and the status of our bid in this international competition, we have jointly come to the conclusion that the extensive efforts required in Boston MLB Jerseys Usa at this stage of the bid Will Grier Womens Jersey process would detract from the U.S. Once the baking sheet has been in the oven for at least 15 minutes, remove with a pot holder. According to Phil Pacsi, vp-marketing for Bridgestone, is huge. Neymar also makes an appearance in a new World Cup-oriented commercial from Beats by Dre, The Game Before the Game, which shows some of the rituals that soccer players and other athletes go through before going into action. Baron is the only one from Baseball Jerseys For Sale Tuesday's group who was not previously on the 40-man. Dallas Cowboys 18. All of Kyle Anderson's 13 points came in the first half.
Trade fabio capello (even more commission three wholesale nfl jerseysDrawing the late charge on NBA's miami Edmond Sumner JerseyAugusta Opera
This was the Augusta Opera website.
The Augusta Opera ceased operations in 2009 when it when it closed down earlyâ€‹ due to financial issues. In 2010 it struggled back trying to make up a $75,000 debt to keep the south's oldest opera company going.â€‹ For a while instead of big productions at the Imperial Theatre, the Augusta Opera performed at St. Paul's Episcopal Church and other smaller venues.
Content is from the site's 2004-2008 archived pages with some images from 2011.
Augusta Opera
1301 Greene St
Augusta, Georgia
The Augusta Opera Association, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit entity and is supported in part by an award from the National Endowment for the Arts, which believes that a great nation deserves great art and the Georgia Council for the Arts, through the appropriations of the Georgia General Assembly. The Georgia Council is a Partner Agency of the National Endowment for the Arts.
From the Artistic Director
King Arthur and his magical Kingdom, Spains most infamous gypsy and her contrasting loversa tragic clown driven to jealousy and murder. Welcome to the Augusta Operas 2007 2008 season of operatic excellence.
For La Tragedie de Carmen and I Pagliacci, we journey this year musically and artistically from France to Italy to Broadway. Joining me in presenting these celebrated works for you are internationally acclaimed artists as well as many of our wealth of local talent.
Dont forget our twenty-third visit to St. Pauls which has become an Augusta tradition, featuring the Augusta Opera Chorus and Orchestra and the renowned Augusta Childrens Chorale. As is said about Camelot, there truly is a spot of happly-ever-aftering the Augusta Opera. Please join us now.
Operatically yours,
Mark D. Flint, Artistic Director
2007 – 2008 Opera Season
The rain may never fall till after sundown.
By eight the morning fog must disappear.
In short, there's simply not
A more congenial spot
For happ'ly-ever-aftering than here
In Camelot.
On December 3, 1960, these words were sung for the first time in New York premiere of Camelot. A winner of four Tony Awards, this lovely retelling of The Once and Future King by T. H. White was written by collaborators Alan Jay Lerner and Frederick Loewe. For some it is a fairy tale with a bittersweet ending while others see the Arthurian legend as a part of history. A favorite of President John F. Kennedy, the work often defined his administration and ideals. For all you've loved and lost...don't miss Camelot.
Originally!.
An Aside: I confess it is not always with an eager heart I go to revivals of the show in fear of plodding pageantry and singsong vocalizing. What a treat then to find the superb cast of the Augusta Opera's Camelot dressed to the nines and ready to give full measure to the saga of King Arthur and the Round Table. This production was excellent in every way. "One number that I particularly loved was 'The Lusty Month of May' which showcased the excellent choreography and direction. As the lords and ladies of Camelot delivered this song, frolicking at a picnic in the English countryside, I really was delighted!
During one of the intermissions the audience was surprised by a gallent youg man who proposed to his sweetheart up on the stage. He announced his intentions as the audience was returning to their seats and then with a flourish whipped out anengagement ring with a huge sparkling stone that glittered quite magnificantly. The mansitting next to me commented that it was most likely not a diamond but a cubic zirconia. He seemed quite knowledgable since he himself had recently been looking at trendy cubic zirconia rings. He then rattled off all these facts regarding the key features of cubic zirconia which distinguish it from diamond.
1. Hardness: cubic zirconia has a rating of approximately 8 on Mohs hardness scale vs. a rating of 10 for diamond.
2.Specific gravity: the density of cubic zirconia is about 1.7 times that of diamond.
3. Refractive index: cubic zirconia has a refractive index of 2.15–2.18, compared to a diamond's 2.42.
4. Dispersion is very high at 0.058–0.066, exceeding a diamond's 0.044.
The dispersion rating is apparently what what makes cubic ziconia so sparkly. Anyway, the proposal added another memorable episode to the evening. I definitely suspended my disbelief and surrendered to the world of Camelot. I was delighted!”
Auditions
Augusta Opera will hold a local audition on June 22, 2007. We are listening for comprimario roles and Educational Outreach performers and are very interested in hearing local singers for these positions. Singers are encouraged to prepare a song in an operatic, musical theatre, or art song style for Maestro Flint to hear. An accompanist is always provided but you are welcome to bring your own.
During other parts of the year, individuals seeking to join the choral ensemble, may call the Opera office at (706) 826-4710 and arrange for the Chorus Master, Les Reagan, to hear you.
Augusta Opera is an equal opportunity employer and we strive to achieve a level of diversity in our productions.
Education & Outreach
Augusta Opera 2006-2007 Educational Outreach Tour will present
Alice in Wonderland
Augusta Opera 2006-2007 Educational Outreach Tour will present Alice in Wonderland, an opera for children, loosely based on the well-known book by Lewis G. Carroll. Veteran Outreach Artist and Director, Kitty Reagan, has taken recognizable arias from favorite operas like Barber of Seville, Marriage of Figaro and Die Fledermaus and woven new words to fit her fun script. Where possible, actual sentences from the book have been used in the dialog A Study Guide is available.
THE CAST
Photos from the performance at North Augusta Elementary in North Augusta, SC.
Set Design by Mickey Lay, Harlem High School student
Tickets & Seating
Season Subscriptoin Pricing and Benefits
- SAVE MONEY
Season subscription prices are less expensive than buying individual tickets
- FLEXIBLE TICKET EXCHANGE
Only subscribers can exchange tickets for another performance day, up to 24 hours prior to curtain time
- CONVENIENCE
Avoid long lines at the box office, busy signals and "sold out" performances
- FIRST OPTION FOR INDIVIDUAL TICKETS
Subscribers have the first opportunity to purchase additional single seats for all performances.
- SPECIAL COMMUNITY DISCOUNTS
Augusta Opera subscribers will receive a special packet with discounts at some of the best restaurants in Augusta.
2006 Events
Man of La Mancha
BUY TICKETS for Man of La Mancha - Friday, October 06, 2006 8:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for Man of La Mancha - Saturday, October 07, 2006 8:00 PM
Winner of 5 Tony Awards including Best Musical and Composer and Lyrics, Man of La Mancha played for 2,328 performances on Broadway in its first run. In 2002 it was revived on Broadway and played again for 304 performances. This delightful musical tells the story originally penned by Miguel Cervantes of an aging gentleman who dreams of being a knight-errant. In this play-within-a-play, Cervantes himself is transformed into Don Quixote, the fighter of all foes, righter of all wrongs and dreamer of The Impossible Dream.
Marc Embree and Sheila Smith return to the Augusta Opera stage portraying Quixote and Aldonza. Dean Anthony directs and performs as the comic lead, Sancho.
Augusta Opera at St. Paul's: The 23rd Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert
BUY TICKETS for The 23rd Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert - Sunday, December 03, 2006 3:30 PM
BUY TICKETS for Holiday Tea - Sunday, December 03, 2006 5:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for The 23rd Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert - Sunday, December 03, 2006 6:00 PM
The Tradition Continues...
Each year Maestro Mark D. Flint surpasses himself in the selection of music and performers. Join the Augusta Opera Chorus, the Augusta Children’s Chorale, Maestro Mark D. Flint and a bevy of international opera stars for a concert of holiday favorites. Two performances will be given with a Holiday Tea between.
Hansel and Gretel
BUY TICKETS for Hansel and Gretel - Friday, March 02, 2007 8:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for Hansel and Gretel - Saturday, March 03, 2007 8:00 PM
“Hansel and Gretel is not just a children’s opera,” the New York Times wrote. “It is also an artwork very much for adults.” Or as another critic said, “It is no more a children’s opera than Alice in Wonderland is a child’s book.” With gorgeous music, enchanting sets and costumes and the Augusta Children’s Chorale, Hansel will be an evening of wonder and delight for children of all ages...
La Bohéme
BUY TICKETS for La Bohéme - Friday, May 11, 2007 8:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for La Bohéme - Saturday, May 12, 2007 8:00 PM
Puccini’s beloved opera, La Bohéme, is the original Rent. Hear the young poet, Rodolfo, woo the beautiful but frail seamstress Mimi, and together they experience love, passion and finally tragedy in the streets of 19th century Paris. The young bohemians' bittersweet story and Puccini's gorgeous music have worked their way into the hearts and minds of millions throughout the world. La Bohéme is the perfect first or one hundred-and-first opera for anyone who has loved or been loved. The Augusta Children's Chorale will also be featured.
2004 Events
The Ballad of Baby Doe
BUY TICKETS for The Ballad of Baby Doe - Friday, September 17, 2004 8:00:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for The Ballad of Baby Doe - Saturday, September 18, 2004 8:00:00 PM
Torn from the pages of American history, Douglas Moore's THE BALLAD OF BABY DOE spins the legend of Silver King Horace Tabor and his two wives, Augusta and Elizabeth 'Baby' Doe.
Set in Colorado during the nineteenth century mining phenomenon, BABY DOE recounts Tabor's rise to incredible wealth and his ultimate demise when the gold standard swept the country. His beautiful second wife Baby, once the wealthiest woman in the world, freezes to death penniless keeping vigil over Tabor's once profitable Matchless Mine.
Augusta Opera's production of this legendary American Opera provides the Southeastern premiere of the work and stars Marc Embree as Horace Tabor, Tonna Miller as Baby Doe, and Kathryn Cowdrick as the long-suffering Augusta. Nashville's John Hoomes returns to direct.
Ticket prices range from $15 to $45. 15% discount available on Friday night for students and seniors.
This opera will be presented at the Imperial Theatre, 745 Broad Street, Augusta, GA.
Augusta Opera at St. Paul's: The Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert
BUY TICKETS for Augusta Opera at St. Paul's: The Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert - Sunday, December 05, 2004 3:30:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for Augusta Opera at St. Paul's: The Edward Bradberry Holiday Concert - Sunday, December 05, 2004 6:00:00 PM
Welcome the Holiday Season on the 5th of December with the 21st annual AUGUSTA OPERA AT ST. PAUL'S: THE EDWARD BRADBERRY HOLIDAY CONCERT. This very popular event combines the forces of the Augusta Opera Chorus and Orchestra as well as the Augusta Children's Chorale. Acclaimed Metropolitan Opera Mezzo-Soprano Maria Zifchak returns for this enlightening program conducted by Maestro Mark D. Flint and prepared by Chorus Master Linda Leslie Bradberry.
All tickets are $25.00 plus $10.00 for High Tea.
This concert will be held at St. Paul's Episcopal church located at 605 Reynolds Street, Augusta GA.
From Aiken: Take the Broad Street exit off of US Hwy 1. Turn right onto 6th Street. St. Paul's is on the corner of 6th and Reynolds.
From Riverwatch Parkway: Turn left onto 13th street and right onto Reynolds. St. Paul's is on the corner of 6th and Reynolds.
Holiday Tea
BUY TICKETS for Holiday Tea - Sunday, December 05, 2004 5:00:00 PM
We invite you to join the Augusta Opera Chorus, Orchestra and special guest artists for our delightful Holiday Tea nestled between the two Holiday Concerts. Our Holiday Tea is a lovely intermingling of the Traditional High and Low Teas with everything from Poached Salmon to delicate English Scones. Enjoy your delectable delights with Coffee, Tea, or Holiday Punch.
All tickets for the Holiday Tea are $10.00.
The Holiday Tea will be held in the Fellowship Hall of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
The Elixir of Love
BUY TICKETS for The Elixir of Love - Friday, February 18, 2005 8:00:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for The Elixir of Love - Saturday, February 19, 2005 8:00:00 PM
Crafted from the pen of the Italian master Gaetano Donizetti, the legend of THE ELIXIR OF LOVE has delighted audiences for decades with its humor and humanity. Dr. Dulcamara is an amusing quack who roams the Italian countryside peddling magic elixirs which in reality are poorly produced bottles of red wine.
Nemorino is in love with the wealthy Adina who will not give him the time of day until Dulcamara's Elixir turns the poor peasant into a romantic hero. Augusta Opera is performing this comic tale appropriately just after Valentine's Day, and the lovely soprano Malinda Haslett debuts as Adina with Eric van Hoven returning as the lovesick Nemorino. The memorable score features one of the most beloved melodies in all opera, "Una furtiva lagrima.'
Ticket prices range from $15 to $45. 15% discount available on Friday night for students and seniors.
This opera will be presented at The Imperial Theatre, 745 Broad Street, Augusta, GA.
Madama Butterfly
BUY TICKETS for Madama Butterfly - Friday, May 13, 2005 8:00:00 PM
BUY TICKETS for Madama Butterfly - Saturday, May 14, 2005 8:00:00 PM
When Giacomo Puccini first witnessed David Belasco's celebrated play about a geisha who weds outside of her religion and family, he understood not one word of the text but knew immediately it was suitable operatic material. Thankfully for all of us he did, as rarely does there exist such a beloved and tragic heroine as Puccini's Cio-Cio-San.
MADAMA BUTTERFLY is Puccini at his best, immortalizing the legend of his geisha in a score rich with color and pathos. Augusta Opera closes its 'Season of Legends' with this favorite work, starring Japanese soprano Itsuko Shibata in the title role for which she is internationally acclaimed.
Hawaii Opera Theatre's General and Artistic Director, Henry Akina, makes his debut with this production.
Ticket prices rage from $15 to $45. 15% discount available on Friday night for students and seniors.
This opera will be presented at the Imperial Theatre, 745 Broad Street, Augusta, GA.
Sung in Italian with English supertitles
The LIGO and Virgo gravitational wave detectors in the US and Italy have added a new chapter to the growing catalog of space-time quakes. In total, the list of observations now includes 90 gravitational wave signals. Of those, 35 are new.
The catalog was published Monday on Arxiv. The measurements are now openly available to other scientists, who can analyze them and do their own research with them. The measurements give an ever better idea of the number of collisions in the universe, the validity of Einstein’s general relativity, and the life cycle of stars.
The new observations are from the period between November 2019 and March 2020, the second part of the third measurement period of the detectors in Washington, Louisiana and Pisa. They were first studied extensively by scientists at LIGO and Virgo and at Kagra in Japan. Nikhef is also a partner in the consortium and active in the analyses.
In total, the detectors saw 39 signals in the last measurement period, of which 18 were immediately included in the catalog and 17 cases required further study. Those have now been added as well.
Mergers
The new signals are largely due to the fusion of two black holes, which first orbit each other and eventually engulf each other. In the process, they shake up the self space and eventually form a new, heavier black hole.
Among them are some very heavy black holes, of more than 100 times the mass of the sun. These are astronomically interesting because they may play a role in the formation of supermassive black holes at the center of galaxies. From other signals, a new independent value for the rate of expansion of the universe was derived, a hotly debated topic in cosmology.
Special signals
Three signals have previously received considerable attention. Two of them came from a black hole that swallowed a neutron star, which initially orbited it. Astronomers had long been on the lookout for such events, as their gravitational waves can provide more information about neutron stars, the remnants of burned-up stars.
A third unusual event occurred in February 2020. The analyses indicate that it involved the collision of two objects, the lightest of which has a mass of 2.8 solar masses. Such an object is an astrophysical enigma. A neutron star is at most 2.5 solar masses, a black hole at least 5 solar masses. What fell into the black hole in this case is unclear.
Nikhef contribution
LIGO and Virgo are not currently making measurements. The facilities are being maintained and improved, leading up to a new measurement period in the fall of 2022. At Virgo in Pisa, among other things, a new laser installation has been installed, which filters more noise from the beams and will provide sensitivity to higher vibrational frequencies. This optical filter cavity was built by Nikhef and others with funding from NWO.2021-8-13 · Telecommunications 9 4 075 1 240 1 11 4 315 Transportation 23 14 637 1 680 2 55 27 15 372 Water and sewerage 4 2 037 4 2 037 LDCs Total 230 180 086 11 4 214 12 2 452 272 195 538 . high end grind mill in nouakchott sale. Source: UNCTAD, based on Thomson database . brick and tile grind mill in mauritania. a Includes other modalitiesGet Price
2019-7-29 · The area was inhabited by the Mpongwé tribe long before the French acquired the land in 1839 . medium autogenous mill from nouakchott price list. . high quality pottery feldspar grind mill sell at a low price in nouakchottGet . nouakchottGet Price
2021-6-16 · . economic glass autogenous mill from nouakchott yields. Although the railway system is somewhat antiquated, it carries more than 3 million tons of . grind millGet Price
Find detailed information on Food Manufacturing companies in Nouakchott, Mauritania, including financial statements, sales and marketing contacts, top competitors, and firmographic insights. Dun & Bradstreet gathers Food Manufacturing business information from trusted sources to help you understand company performance, growth potential, and . gangue grind mill from nouakchott how to work easierGet Price
Biography. Dr . economic kaolin high pressure grinding rolls in mauritania. Mohamed Dia is a Full Professor of Quantitative Methods and Operations Management at the Faculty of Management. He received his PhD in Management Science from the Business School of Tunis, Tunisia in 2000, a Masters in Modeling and Management Information Systems from the Business School of Tunis, as well as a "Maîtrise" and a Bachelor in Management Information Systems, and a . bauxite high pressure grinding rolls from mauritaniaGet Price
1989-8-1 · World Development, Vol . small carbon black autogenous mill buy at the lowest price from mauritania. 17, No. 8, pp . limestone grind mill in nouakchott. 1173-1201, 1989 . limestone tower mill from nouakchott purchase steps. Printed in Great Britain. Farm-Nonfarm Linkages in Rural Sub-Saharan Africa STEVEN HAGGBLADE Syracuse University, New York PETER HAZELL The World Bank, Washington, D. C . medium rock tower mill sale Yeatrade. and JAMES BROWN* Resource Industries Ltd., Washington, D. C . ilmenite grind mill in mauritania sale Amazon Business. 0305-750X/89 $3 . small quartz tower mill for sale.00 + 0.00 989 Pergamon Press plc Summary . cobblestoneGet Price
2010-10-15 · PDF | On Oct 15, 2010, Lan-Yu Liu published New records of Bostrichidae (Insecta: Coleoptera, Bostrichidae, Bostrichinae, Lyctinae, Polycaoninae, Dinoderinae, Apatinae) | … . portable tower mill from mauritania how many good brands are thereGet Price
Want to list your company on our YPS directory? Choose your preferred listing package and fill out the form on this page. Note: A new account will be created for every new listing . small grind mill from nouakchott purchase requirementsGet Price
View Laura Watson’s profile on LinkedIn, the world’s largest professional community . small potash feldspar grind mill how many good brands are there in nouakchott. Laura has 7 jobs listed on their profile. See the complete profile on LinkedIn and discover Laura’s . efficient kaolin high pressure grinding rolls in mauritania purchase stepsGet Price
Wired for Innovation: How Information Technology Is Reshaping the Economy 9780262013666, 9780262258661, 0262258668. Two experts on the information economy explore the true economic value of technology and innovation . efficient grind mill sell at a loss in mauritania.;Intro -- Contents - . large tower mill sell at a low priceGet Price
2019-3-7 · It is home to a shipbuilding industry, brewing industry, and sawmills, and exports raw materials such as wood, rubber and cocoa. Gabon, officially the Gabonese Republic, is a country on the west coast of Central Africa . portable tower mill how many good brands are there. Located on the equator, Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest, Cameroon to the north, the Republic of the . environmental sag mill sale TradeIndiaGet Price$ Get Discounted Price Check Price
NTN 6017K bearing Order for Bearings with Large inner diameter by GBS Bearing and get orders by wholesale prices. We are the largest Online Bearing distributor offering,
NSK 6 NEW NTN 6017 C3 DEEP GROOVE RADIAL BALL BEARING at the best online prices at eBay. Free shipping for many products.
6017 Radial ball bearings on NTN-SNR catalog· Industry Solutions manufacturer for Single row deep groove ball bearings market
NTN M I212620 Needle Bearing. $0.00. Quick view Please call or chat : we can call the manufacturer for stock| NTN M I283624 Needle Bearing. $0.00.
Ntn 6017 Lluc3/5K Deep Groove Ball Bearing - amazon,c, Ntn 6017 Lluc3/5K Deep Groove Ball Bearing - 2 Rubber Seals Be the first to review this item, Price- $104,83 + $13,95 shipping Specifications for this item, Part Number- 6017 LLUC3/5K ,,,
Browse Item # E_4R6017. Four_Row Cylindrical Roller Bearing w/Solid Rollers &: Machined Cage in the NTN Bearing Corp. of America catalog including Item #.Description ...
NTN 6017K bearing | 6017K bearing for: 85x130x22 NTN 6017K bearing for sale! !!! ASA BEARING CO!`LTD Had Been Cooperate And Atten Official Authorised Distributors For Some Of The World'|s Leading Manufacturers Like SKF` FAG` TIMKEN` NTN` NSK` NACHI` IKO` KOYO` INA!Photo:.]
4 comments:
Great to see Michael McKenna back for Metro today. 1/2 game, and he looked like he'd been playing week in week out.
i heard mckenna was focusing on futsal this year and not playing 11 a side.
how quickly things change....
metro sure showed beachside it wont be a walk in the park as many expect.
dorf conjures another great win for the eagles boys. sure they will train hard this week in anticipation of the big final!!
sure will be a big embarrassment to FFT if a div 2 team wins the div 1 summer cup!!
Mckenna's fashion sense hasn't improved though... where does he get that stuff??!!
Don't think anyone expects Beachside to walk div one, was very close last season even without the prem clubs coming down.
Metro and Taroona looked very organised and keen on Saturday, they will be very hard to beat this season you would have to say.Cash advance payday loan No bank checking account Vegas our very own group needBy Stacy Plum on November 5th, 2021 | No Comments »
One chatted to because of it also all of us offered! The pros’re enhancing most useful car finance amounts regarding trademark bills from $2,500 to $5,000, and in many cases everybody hope to hammer the price tag on any place cash advance provider.
An individual inquired because of it and all of us furnished! Our very own team’re growing optimal financing volume from the hallmark money via $2,500 to $5,000, as well as the particular experts just hammer the fee about any sorts of environment pay day loan lending products no bank checking account las vegas have a look at one way link in this posting increase carrier. Our professionals’re important over $250,000 genuinely really worth of sounds ways and likewise tools inside Clark district school area! Visit many 51 destinations throughout Nevada even Utah correct! DLC two-way advertising is obviously the quantity 1 high-def advertising individual & & on the net Streaming aired terminal in nevada. Our personal professionals posted our very own really exclusive rock broadcast terminal, DLC Radio! Listen directly on 107.5 HD2 in nevada, nevada or maybe driving on the road along with the advertising phone mobile solution. just spend interest for degree some time and strength you may need they. Should you really maintain your loaning outfor 3 times, you merely spend money for a few era seriously worth of interest, helping you save sum! Our Very Own Organization Get Simple To Apply Take Borrowed On The Web!
DLC Includes Band Together
The team possess a remarkable characteristic financial support goods on want most business.
Visit numerous our very own 51 web sites throughout Nevada also Utah nowadays!
All of us have an incomparable info and our very own terrific transaction credit.
DLC transmitted is actually The #1 High-definition stereo device & & going online online given terminal in Las payday loan no financial institution checking account vegas
All of us have got 51 those sites throughout Nevada on top of Utah ready to help you to!
If you decide to maintain the loan out for 3 times, you simply fork over 3 x well worth of warmth, sparing your hard earned dollars!
Is It Possible You Notice Your Company Name On DLC Stereo?
Principal furthermore Surname:
thank you for ones confirmation! us is going to list one as fast as all our providers in many cases can after our own team confirm her particulars! simply click just about everywhere beyond such a sort to close up the two. The professionals have the leading interest rates searching! We ensure they!
Patricia B.
Acquiring funded together with our very own sales would never being actually faster! Financial obligation in moments!
Phone Number:
Whether their person obtaining their money, or even talking-to issues, our enhance stones!
Nicky F.
Why spend to do business with? Our personal private specialized don’t cost you anything to read through the alternatives!
Inexperienced Week:
Should you wish to choose finances off earlier in the day, this service membership wouldn’t add some any particular further!
Nevada Using The Internet.
All of us refuse to warrant a bank account to find out the borrowing products!
The Reasons Why You Earn.
The individuals at DLC are certainly considerably more than useful in addition to can be found in real life great to loosen up coupled with speak with regarding budget issues. Beneficial as well as definitely definitely not manipulative.
Awesome customer happiness as well as the simple truth is help to create practices. As a result rare … this means that unusual!
The two received myself outside easily & rapid with profit hand.Great abilities.Employees get on and demonstrably entrepreneur improved.
Talking alongside net pro. * you have to have to make they easy for popular music flies if you want to use this dealer.
Chat Is Actually At The Present Time Inaccessible
You are invited to Penny financial obligation Core, your own district small financial institution. Our team auto title loans near me are certainly the. top merchant of net getting lending options in the some region!
Submitted on January 23, 2015 through ylivaftual
Share this:
© ™ [on-line] No banking account finance In nevada – – 3 easy practices to financing. – – No Evaluation Of Credit Reliability Zero Checking Account Loans In Sin City. At this point NOWNo Banking Account Pay Day Loans in Las Vegas, Nevada creating … Equivalent. End results 1- 30 of 283 … uncover 283 internet directories with no checking account cash loans in Sin City their Payday financial loans Sin City No bank-account. Possibly you have waiting for the switching circumstances until paycheck? Emergency example car fixings, unpredicted costs, and a few other abrupt expenses may © ™ [On-line] No bank-account loans In Sin City – – Borrow about 5000. Unfavorable credit ratings?. – – revenues firm in moment No checking account personal loans In nevada. Accept Simple [ON THE WEB BASED WORLD] loans no savings account sin city Sin City you could potentially see a money loans the minute 60 minutes. payday advance finance no bank account las vegas, nevada las vegas make out one smooth document as well as A Cash improve No bank account las vegas. Maybe you’ve waiting for the stretches up to commission? Unexpected unanticipated unexpected emergency auto service establishments, unpredicted cost, as well as some other accidental bills can readily bucks funding facility focuses on unique financial products up exemplify On affirmation lending 8860 W. Sunset Rd. Nevada, No bank-account and/or also protection is in fact With payday loan Sin City, stump of this negotiations visit plus having a legit accounts in a monetary organization. Obtaining payday developments money getting our team is truly soft plus find 1697 directories regarding check here No bank bank checking account loaning in nevada, nevada on YP. Outlook reading user reviews, photographes, instruction, contact number not to mention better the absolute most useful Payday Loans in wage advance lending products without bank account las vegas reveal 293 web pages about No family savings payday advance loan in vegas on YP. Arrange critiques, photographes, guidelines, phone number and in addition especially with no bank-account paycheck
Similar to this:
Fill-in your data listed below and/or punch a photo to look into:
Stay away from an answer Cancel answer back
Mail (required) (handle certainly never present). You are actually actually posting comments making use of your The wordpress platform page. ( Wooden Out /
You might be certainly posting comments with your yahoo account. ( Record Out /
You are really posting comments utilizing your Youtube account. ( Indication Out /
That you are in fact leaving comments making use of your zynga or myspace pub. ( Record Out /$34.99 — Sold Out
KONO! DELIGHT ART 100 is the first of the 120 line, based on first class professional film stock. Each medium format roll is carefully tinted by professionals. The outcome of carefully altered hue, saturation, and contrast is a completely new look! Cool and moody medium format is here!
Film Format: 120
Film Type: Color Negative
Film Speed: ISO 100
Film Processing: C-41
Number of Rolls: 1Antidepressants not Linked to Declined Suicide Rates
Researchers have spent a great deal of time studding the relationship between the increase in sales of new antidepressants in recent decades and a decline in the suicide rate. In a study based on figures from the Nordic countries, the researchers at the Norwegian Institute of Public Health found no evidence antidepressants are in any way linked to declined suicide rates.
Reduced sales of antidepressants not linked to reduction in suicide rates
In addition to these finds, researchers did not find any relationship between reduced sales of the older and more toxic antidepressants and a reduction in suicide rates either. The suicide rate has been declining since the end of the 1980s for many Western countries, including Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland.
In 1990, the new SSRI drugs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) became available on the market. Sales figures for these new antidepressant drugs have increased annually, whereas sales of the older TCA drugs (tricyclic anti-depressants) have declined substantially.
This news comes at a time when the FDA now has to require manufacturers of all antidepressants to add black box warnings to their product labeling. A "black box" warning is the most serious warning placed on the labeling of a prescription medication, but does not ban physicians from prescribing the drug.
Researchers wanted to assess the impact of antidepressants on suicide so they asked, “Can a significant increase in sales of SSRIs in any one year be related to a sharp decline in the suicide rate in the same year?” and “Can the decline in sales of TCAs be related to the decrease in the suicide rate?”
The study concluded that no, antidepressants and a reduction in suicide rates are not related. In a previous study by the researchers,.Image 4-601-94 | Photo ©David Sanger | Antigua, English Harbor, Boats in Falmouth Harbor
Stock Photo
This stock photo of Antigua, English Harbor, Boats in Falmouth Harbor, Alamy Images number AXB0-94 of Antigua, English Harbor is © David Sanger Photography. All RIghts Reserved
Related Subjects
- More Antigua Stock Photography
- More English Harbor Stock Photography
- More Boats in Falmouth Harbor Stock Photography
Keywords
anchor, anchorage, Antigua, beauty, black, boat, calm, Caribbean, cloudy, easy going, English Harbor, enjoy, esape, escape, far away, fun, getaway,,Seeking a larger parcel to build your retirement or second home and still desire neighbors, real power, rural water and paved streets? Also, you want your little piece of heaven to be closer to Colorado river water activities as well as other necessary amenities. Then this half acre lot, level to the street without any washes in the Crystal Springs subdivision, may just meet your wants and needs. With 360 mountain views, site built/stick built homes only are welcomed. Being about 20 minutes from Bullhead City/Laughlin, you can enjoy the numerous recreational activities. The parcel is large enough for your home and a garage to house your cars, boat or other toys. Take a drive by because this property may not last long. P.S. If you want a larger lot, the parcel to the immediate east (MLS 98771) is also for sale.
Listing courtesy of Leanne Sm.The UFC heads to Winnipeg this Saturday (December 16th) for UFC on Fox 26. Robbie Lawler and Rafael dos Anjos, both former UFC champions, headline the event. Neither fighter is capable of a boring fight, so the main event itself should be enough to carry the night.
A featherweight clash between former champ José Aldo and former title contender Ricardo Lamas had been booked, but Aldo was pulled from the card and thrown to Max Holloway as a replacement for UFC 218. Lamas will now face an overmatched Josh Emmett.
The main event is where the fireworks will be, so let’s focus our attention on that. Here’s a breakdown of the headliner with odds courtesy of Bovada.
Robbie Lawler (-105) vs Rafael dos Anjos (-125)
Robbie Lawler (28-11) and Rafael dos Anjos (27-9) meet in what Dana White promised to be a welterweight title eliminator. I think by now we all know better than to take White at face value, but still, a win for either fighter makes a compelling case for a shot at the welterweight crown.
Tyron Woodley, the current champ, is taking some time off to undergo surgery and would prefer a career payday against Georges St-Pierre, another fighter who’s on hiatus, so it may be a while before either RDA or Lawler are granted a title shot. Nonetheless, this is one of the most exciting match-ups available in the welterweight division.
Tale of the Tape
Since re-signing with the UFC in 2013, Robbie Lawler has fought exclusively at welterweight. He’s a standard issue 170 pounder, standing at 5”11’ with a reach of 74 inches. Rafael dos Anjos isn’t so tailor-made for the welterweight division. He stands at just 5”8’, which places him at a severe height disadvantage against almost any opponent in the weight class, with a reach of 70 inches.
RDA earned his chops in the lightweight division, rising through the ranks to become the champion in 2015. But as he got older, making weight became increasingly difficult, and after back-to-back losses against Eddie Alvarez and Tony Ferguson, he decided to make the leap to 170.
Both fighters have quite a bit of mileage on them. Lawler is 35 years old and has 40 professional fights under his belt, including 11 losses and countless all-out brawls. At 33 years old, dos Anjos is edging past his physical prime as well. His aggressive, high-pressure style of fighting is one that doesn’t age particularly well.
Recent Record
Lawler claimed the welterweight title in late 2014 with a contentious split-decision victory over Johny Hendricks, and held onto the belt with two successful title defenses. Then Tyron Woodley came along and finished him inside of the first round. He’s had one fight since, a win over Donald Cerrone in a back-and-forth slugfest.
Dos Anjos lost his lightweight crown to Eddie Alvarez last year and later succumbed to the current interim champ, Tony Ferguson. Cutting down to 155 pounds almost killed him, so he made the wise decision to move up in weight. He made his welterweight debut against former Strikeforce champ Tarec Saffiedine, winning comfortably, and went on to submit Neil Magny, a top-ten welterweight with a seven-inch height advantage.
Of the two, RDA has been the more impressive fighter of late. Lawler’s last two fights suggest that he’s on the decline. He scraped out a win over Cerrone, who is now long past his prime, and completely capitulated to Woodley’s power. Despite being at a size disadvantage, RDA has looked at home in the welterweight division. His recent wins over Saffiedine and Magny suggest a bright future for him at 170.
Moneyline Pick: Rafael dos Anjos (-125)
Lawler and RDA have a lot in common. They’re both high-pressure fighters, most comfortable when the tempo is high; they’re in similar stages of their careers; and they are both former champions who want another shot at a UFC title belt.
Lawler has the size and power advantage, while dos Anjos is the technically superior fighter with the larger gas tank. Lawler will spring out of the gate, and RDA will be tested multiple times in the opening rounds. But if the fight enters the championship rounds, Lawler’s bursts and flurries will be far less effective, and that’s when dos Anjos will take over.
Method of Victory
Dos Anjos by KO, TKO, or DQ: +187
Dos Anjos by Decision: +350
Lawler by KO, TKO, or DQ: +200
Lawler by Decision: +333
Draw: +6600
With two aggressive fighters who love to move forward and apply constant pressure, it’s easy to see why the odds favor a finish. But if you look at the recent record of both fighters, you’ll see that most of their recent wins have come by decision. Three of RDA’s last five wins have been through the judges, as have four of Lawler’s last five.
Plus, let’s not forget that both Lawler and dos Anjos are both on the other side of 30. They’re not as explosive as they used to be, but they’re wiser and more mature. There’s value in picking this fight going to the judges. RDA by decision at +350 is a steal.Bloggers who concentrate mainly on music treats as musicians. If really they are looking for becoming popular in this society. Even they have some strongest desires in making soundtracks . Sometimes they may fail to grab the audience. Those mistakes can be of classical only. If the problems raised on the basis of business making. Particularly in the category of music because the investment will be less. When compared to the other modes of business. If the musical bloggers interested in sharing their passion for music. It might be used in the concepts of blogging. Offering a good opportunity for knowledge sharing. Also, skills showcasing, along with possible pickings in performers who are best. In existence, there are many blogs fetched popularity. Within no specific time, it grabbed the maximum number of audience. Blogs, mainly musical blogs, have the chances of getting a quicker response. But the musical blogger has to take care about some fixes. Which are major constraints of sound, this may get a low rating? The only music needs details of artists, focusing on strong crafting. It is better to calm down and more concentrated. There are so many tips and methods for implementation.
For getting a better experience to fetch good knowledge:
Interest towards music is not at all enough for making a blog in music. This will not confirm interested candidates are ready to launch. Basic things are needed for the foundation of relevant knowledge. Familiarities are many in this world, particularly in music. Because this is not the first blog in music and this should be kept in mind. Cross-checking is a must for the success of blogging. Regular monitoring is a must for the progress of blogs. Apart from these people could mention experience happens in real life. Though it is considered as the smartest decision of similar kind. Irrespective of stations related to radio or recording centers. Used for learning much about the industry of music. Which can be worked and gaining knowledge in desired fields. The same perspectives involved in the blogosphere to existence. There are some instruction used for learning additional tips. Mention or specify the instructions for the sake of readers. To gain some details of respective blogs and useful for better understanding. Connection is the best way to their readers on the levels of experts. This can be conveyed after experiencing some content. Niche is very important for making successful. Obtaining niche conveys facet for specifications. As per the needs of industrial and organization. In the industries of music contains musicians, singers, and their troops. Readership quality are important for progress in the blogs. One point should be kept in mind interesting things should be mentioned. It should be completely different from other blogs.
Now, it’s about insisting their blogs connection of internet is important. Bloggers work hard for getting name and fame through these blogs. Needed some kinds of authorization about their blogs. The audience who are targeted in a similar way in launching. Defining the content in well mannered is important. Irrespective of music uploaded the audience can be targeted. Existence of blogs completely depends on traffic attained in a specific time.Alex Harrison, 33, proudly shared the video on Facebook and Snapchat earlier this week of him lashing his teenage daughter with a belt then shaving off her hair as punishment for downloading Snapchat.
Shortly afterward, he was arrested on child cruelty charges.
At the beginning of the footage, he said: ‘She wanna be grown, she getting her a** whooped n her hair bald. School is for work, not f****** Snapchat. She ain’t got no business with no damn snap anyway. Stay tuned.’
The girl is identified as a 9th grader and is wearing a Despicable Me t-shirt.
Ferriday Police Department would not disclose the whereabouts of the teenager or if she had been taken into the care of authorities.
Alex J. Harrison is seen in the above video standing over a teenage girl and whipping her repeatedly with a belt in shocking footage which he shared on social media boastfully to show how he disciplined the girl
The video was shot by someone else, then cuts to Harrison shouting at the girl as she wept into her hands, her hair already shaved off. He is seen standing over her in a red t-shirt as she lay on the edge of a couch at his command. He ignored her agonizing screams while he whipped her with a belt several times, and telling her to move her hands and feet which she used to try to block the blows.
The beating included 50 strikes and lasted a minute-and-a-half. Harrison can be heard shouting: ‘You want to be grown?’
He then insulted the girl’s personal hygiene and said she did not know ‘how to change her tampon.’
After beating her repeatedly, he took her into another room where.
After the video went viral, Harrison was arrested. said.
On social media, Harrison proudly shared photographs of a girl around the same age.
The 30-year-old was arrested at his home on Monday
Harrison, 30, was arrested for child cruelty. He is believed to have two daughters
The father was arrested at his home in Ferriday, Louisiana, on Monday
If you know someone who might like this, please click “Share!”MS Connexions Ltd
MS Connexions, a subsidiary of the Microtron Group of Companies in Trinidad and Tobago, formerly known as Just CD’s & Accessories – established in 1993 and functioned as a retail and wholesale business of both audio, video entertainment and provider of telecommunication products.
Today, MS Connexions specializes in courier, payment and connection services, as well as the sale of smart products that provide essential solutions for communicating and interacting in everyday living. The smart devices available possess trendy features with corresponding accessories by leading brands in the technology industry; to name a few, Samsung and Hyundai.
MS Connexions mission is to provide convenience with unrivalled customer service under one roof.
or visit us at any of these convenient locations.
- Aboutique Mall – 8-10 Frederick Street, Port of Spain
- Arima – 45 Broadway, Arima
- Long Circular Mall – unit #1.K02/Level 1, LCM, St James
- Starlite Shopping Plaza – Bldg 4 – Shop 26, Diego Martin
- Trincity Mall – Unit B1.K09, Trincity
- Valpark Shopping Plaza – Unit #1.17, Valsayn
Your satisfaction is our guarantee.
Contact Information
19 Mucurapo Rd, St James
Tel: 1-868-622-4710There are a few important changes for 2021 Child tickets.
- For 2021 we will be charging $20+bf for Children aged 1 - 13
- Children under 12 months do not require a ticket and remain free.
- We have a limited number of Child tickets to sell this year, so it's important that every ticket counts. With a limited capacity it's important that each ticket is valued, and used.
- Child ticket sales will be limited to a maximum of 3 per transaction. With limited numbers overall, we need to limit the number per transaction to create a system that gives everyone an opportunity to bring their Children to the event.
- Child tickets will be linked to Adult tickets in order for us to manage this limit. You will see new ticket types...
3 Day Adult + 1 Child
3 Day Adult + 2 Children
3 Day Adult + 3 Children
So for example a family of 2 Adults and 3 children would purchase...
1 x 3 Day Adult
1 x 3 Day Adult + 3 Children
- Accompanied Youth Tickets 14-17yrs are still able to be purchased as individual tickets, but also with a maximum of 3 per transaction.
- We realise this is restrictive, and wont suit all the many different sizes and forms of families out there. Please contact us via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and we will do our best to accommodate your families specific ticketing requests within reason.
- All existing Child 13 & Under tickets that were purchased at the start of 2020 that were free, will be honoured as such, and are still valid. You do not need to do anything.
We will still be offering the same great family friendly festival and program that we always do, just with a small charge for new Child purchases in 2021.
Children 13 years and under who are accompanied by a ticketed responsible adult enter the Festival must have their own ticket and must be accompanied by a responsible adult at all times at the Event. [A “responsible adult” is a person who is acting in place of a parent and who could reasonably be expected to exercise responsible supervision of the child].
Children who are under the care of a responsible adult other than their legal parent/guardian, must have filled out the Under Age Patron Consent Form signed by their legal parent/guardian and bring it with them to the Festival in order to be given a wristband.“Horses are a lot like people”, a digital version of the Whitaker’s successful showjumping horse Milton proclaims, clearly forgetting that humans don’t have to resort to cartoon form in order to talk. “That may sound strange at first, but I am sure once you get to know a few as well as I do, you will totally believe me!”
With that, welcome to the bright, colourful world of The Whitakers present Milton & Friends 3D. Of course, in some regard Milton’s right. Our day-to-day needs, such as food, water, cleanliness and comfort, are exactly the same as those of millions of animals across the globe that rely on human care – something that sadly, in some instances, many all too often forget.
Due to this, many prefer to make a far more cost-effective and less time-consuming commitment to the realms of the virtual pet simulator, providing the responsibility for a real-life pet but with unquestionably less mess! Consumer popularity of such genre proved overwhelming, classic PC desktop simulator Dogz and the bygone era of the dreaded Tamagotchi craze during the late ’90’s exploring such concepts in differing forms. More recently, Nintendogs spurred new growth and played a large part in the Nintendo DS’ mainstream success, remaining the second best-selling title on the handheld.
Those with any prior experience with the genre will know roughly what to expect from The Whitakers present Milton & Friends 3D then, a young foal placed into the care of the player whose needs must be continually tended to.
Whilst an initial tutorial will see you looking after the rather dishevelled Stewball at the request of a local Vet, the player is soon able to create their very own foal from scratch. Extensive customisation options are offered here, choices enabling you to choose from breeds, coat colours, mane type, patterned spots and eye colour. At this point, you’ll then be able to name them, before choosing between differing boxes for your horse to enjoy as their home.
From here, you’ll find yourself immediately required to monitor their fundamental needs under four basic parameters; Hunger, Thirst, Cleanliness and Morale. Fulfilling these will see the player partake in a range of mini-games of sorts, feeding your foal milk through a water bottle by continually adjusting the angle to ensure it can still drink without spluttering too much. Whereas grooming sees you brush your foal, before washing with a soapy sponge and rinsing off with a hose. Players are scored for their efforts, in turn alleviating your foals requirements in varying levels depending on the grade that you are awarded. Play Coins may also be exchanged for upgraded tools for use within such activities.
Once your foal is content, you can then venture outside to a peaceful meadow where you can practice a range of activities. These include teaching your foal tricks by tapping in time to on-screen prompts, practising jumping through swiping the stylus in prompted directions, and throwing a toy at a flagpole for your foal to then fetch. Lastly, there’s bridle, where the Nintendo 3DS’ gyro sensor comes into play and sees players tasked with keeping their foal within an indicated box on-screen. These are an enjoyable aside, and players will surely take great delight in seeing their foal succeed thanks to their efforts.
Voice recognition, whilst not as sophisticated as that seen in Nintendogs + Cats, also sees your foal trot over to you once beckoned, through use of the handheld’s built-in microphone. Further to this, players are also able to use the Augmented Reality card that came with the Nintendo 3DS to transport their cherished foal into real-world environments. You’ll be able to smother your foal with affection within a 3D space, taking photographs to capture those memorable moments.
However, beyond this, there is a severe lack of further content for the player to engage within – the ability to unlock Trophies remaining to objectify the experience. Contests, an aspect that could have easily been expanded upon, is left purely for StreetPass use, seeing players go head-to-head in beauty competitions where you’ll have the opportunity to nab yourself additional in-game items.
Whilst I clearly don’t lie within the boundaries of the ideal demographic for The Whitakers present Milton & Friends 3D, there’s something strangely endearing about the entire experience. Where it ultimately falls down, is a poor rate of reward coupled with a disappointing lack of depth, surely set to captivate younger audiences for only brief periods of time.
However, at such a surprisingly low £14.99 price point, and with such engaging, if not short-lived, activities, it proves hard not to recommend to those who find it appeals. Just prepare yourself for repetition.
Version Tested: Nintendo 3DS
Review copy provided by Koch MediaWith 2021 well and truly underway and the recent cold weather, many of us are hoping that we might be able to get away for a few days at some point this year.
This week, Health Secretary Matt Hancock confirmed that UK residents returning from red list countries will have to quarantine in assigned hotel rooms, which could lead to many avoiding international travel.
While travel in the UK is still restricted, people will now still be holding out hope for the chance to visit their favourite holiday parks.
It’s possible that once travel restrictions are lifted, holiday parks like Haven, Center Parcs, Pontins and more will see a rush of visitors, depending on what the government's 'roadmap out of lockdown' looks like when it's announced this month.
Enter your postcode for the latest on coronavirus cases in your area:
Whether you’re hoping to get away with the kids or take an adults-only trip, here’s the latest updates from the UK’s biggest holiday parks.
Centre Parcs
All UK villages are currently closed until at least March 7, which will be reviewed following the next update from the government.
Centre Parcs’ website says: .”
Those impacted by the extended closure will be contacted by the company with instructions on how to cancel activities and restaurant bookings and how to reschedule with a discount to the value of £100 or cancel with a full refund.
Pontins
Pontins has made the decision to delay the reopening of its parks until the end of March 2021.
In an update on its website, Pontins wrote: “Due to the government’s recent announcement we are incredibly saddened and naturally disappointed to announce that we will be delaying the re-opening of all our holiday parks.
“As always the health and safety of our guests and staff will remain our main priority and these are the actions we unfortunately need to take.
dean Resorts
Parkdean is already offering Easter holiday, as well as summer breaks, which can be refunded completely if bookings are disrupted by coronavirus under the company’s ‘Covid promise’.
A note on the Parkdean Resorts website says: "In these uncertain times, you can be sure of one thing – you can still book a Parkdean Resorts holiday with complete safety and financial peace of mind.
“Our promise protects both you and your money. We guarantee you can book with confidence."
Haven
Haven is due to reopen in mid-March and is now taking bookings for spring 2021, with prices starting from £49.
The holiday park has introduced a Coronavirus Book with Confidence Guarantee, which means customers who are self isolating, are affected by new government restrictions or just can’t make it to their trip will get a full refund, not questions asked.
According to the Haven Holidays website, 2021 breaks will be “dependent on the Government guidelines nearer the time of re-opening”.
Butlin’s
According to the Butlin’s website, the holiday parks remain closed until March 14, due to “uncertainty around when the current restrictions will be lifted”.
A note on the website said: “Due to the uncertainty around when we can reopen and how long it will take to get our resorts ready to welcome guests back, we’re sad to say we will be extending our closure to the 14th March.”
Ribby Hall Village
Ribby Hall village is currently closed, but is now taking booking for 2021.
The company is offering a ‘Covid Confidence Guarantee’, with customers able to reschedule at no extra charge, pay their balance four weeks before arrival and a full balance gift card available if they need to cancel.
Receive newsletters with the latest news, sport and what's on updates from the Liverpool ECHO by signing up here.
Hoseasons
Hoseasons is currently accepting 2021 bookings via its website, though its parks currently remain closed due to national lockdown.
According to its website, those with bookings on or before March 7 will be contacted to discuss their options, which include the choice of a refund or a voucher of the amount paid.
Receive newsletters with the latest news, sport and what's on updates from the Liverpool ECHO by signing up here.
Those with bookings on or after March 8 will be contacted closer to the time.
Anyone with bookings for venues in Wales on or before February 19 will receive an email containing your options. The same applies for those with bookings in Scotland on or before February 21.
You can find out more here.2.0 L, 4 cyl, Man 6-spd, Regular Gasoline
MSRP: $17,250 - $22,600
Combined: 28 MPG
City: 24 MPG
Highway: 34 MPG
MPG estimates for 2016 and older vehicles may have been revised. Learn More
Annual Fuel Cost*: $1,850
Cost to Drive 25 Miles: $3.04
Tank Size: 13.2 gallons
Cost to Fill the Tank: $45
Miles on a Tank: 370Cookies are used limited to the purposes in th e Personal Data Protection Law No.6698 and in accordance with the legislation. For detailed information, you can review our cookie policy.
During the December 17th coup d’état attempt, the attitude of the people who were saying “Let the judiciary reach a verdict” reminded me one of İsmet Özel’s words in his “Three Frank Music” poem; “Die First / Pay Later”….
In the “Supreme Court” mediation of the honorable, their attitude towards the Constitutional Court matter is unfortunately not that different.
However, after the consequence of the “judiciary” in the December 17th coup d’état attempt and the spreading of their dirty laundry right after, they were required to at least be prudent.
Especially, what was the “summary of proceedings”, for God’s sake?
As if the “insolence” in the form of “That period’s Prime Minister” was not enough, they have shown the tactlessness of presenting the Prime Minister of the Republic of Turkey as the leader of an “organization”…. The craftiness of thinking beforehand that “they will be referring to the Gülen-led group as an organization”…
It was you; who sentenced the Chief of General Staff to life sentence by accusing him of forming an “armed terrorist organization”; who referred to the Prime Minister of this country as “the leader of the organization”; who conducted an operation on the Lorries of the Intelligence Service in order to present the country as “the country that supports terrorism”…. Can anyone be a better example of an “organization?!
Also, was it reasonable to wait for justice from “the judiciary mechanism”, which is the most active element of this “organization”?
How could you trust a judiciary mechanism, which imprisoned a conservative constable (Hanefi Avcı) for being a member of a leftist terrorist organization; which imprisoned an old religious scholar, who has Multiple Sclerosis sickness, with unbelievable intrigues during the “Taşhiye” operation; which “released” the criminal evidence for both “Taşhiye” operation and Zir Valley; which imprisoned the authors of unpublished books (Mustafa Kaplan and Ahmet Şık)?
Yes, I’m saying “judiciary mechanism”…
Because the “parallel prosecutors” are not conducting investigations, rather opening cases in the direction of the parallel police’s summary of proceedings, and the parallel judges were bound to rule these cases.
To summarize, all the decisions that were made beforehand were wangled.
In December 17th, they attempted to overthrow the “democratic political willpower” by wangling it, and “corruption” was used as a silencer.
So much so, that every statement that deciphered the notorious coup d’etat was suffocated by “Are you defending the thieves?”
Nobody was defending the thieves; rather everyone was revolting against the scam of pocketing the entire country of Turkey by hiding behind a couple of thieves.
There was only one intention: to crumple up Turkey.
In order to achieve that, they were required to collapse Turkey’s democratic political willpower.
In this cursed coup d’état attempt, the psychological warfare troops were toiling in matinee – soiree.
They had even backed the announcement of the parallel member prosecutor in front of the courthouse by stamping on the law.
Moreover, they even wanted this strangeness to be perceived as “an action against the interference against independent judiciary”.
On December 17th, the “independent judiciary” put in such an “independent” appearance that they didn’t even listen to the Chief Prosecutor of Istanbul, Turan Çolakkadı. (After all, we refer to this “judiciary” as “parallel judiciary”.)
To cut it short: they want the political willpower to stretch their neck out to this judiciary that is independent from the law.
They had caused a ruckus inside and outside by saying; they had objected to the December 17 coup d’état attempt, some regulations had been done to make the judiciary only connected to the international law and be independent and neutral at the same time, and “they are interfering with the judiciary”.
Now, they are saying that the judiciary has reached a nolle prosequi regarding the inevitable ministers, so the judiciary is not independent.
These masters’ “judiciary” was “independent” when it attempted a coup d’état, and became “dependent” when it acted against them.
As a matter of fact, a judiciary that is dependent on law will/should object to any kind of coup d’état.
Some honorable persons were recommending that AK Party stretches its neck out to the “parallel judiciary mechanism”.
In other words, like the “Die First / Pay Later”, they were trying to say, “Let us chop off your head first and then you can bring us to account.”
Ultimately, this is all they are saying, even now.WASHINGTON -- From the Red Room to the Blue Room, President Donald Trump gave CBN News a tour of the place he will call home for the next four years.
It has been a whirlwind week for the new president. Since his swearing in last Friday, Trump has signed four executive orders, made good on his campaign promise to "build a wall" and even met with his first foreign leader.
CBN News Chief Political Correspondent David Brody sat down with the new president for an exclusive interview where Trump wasted no time ripping into his favorite foe: the mainstream media.
'The Opposition Party'
"Steve Bannon, one of your top advisors just the other day, to The New York Times called the media the 'opposition party.' Do you believe that?" asked Brody.
"I think to a large extent they're much more capable than the other side," Trump replied.
"Other side, meaning?" probed Brody.
"Yeah, I think the media is the opposition party in many ways. And I think that, and I'm not talking about all of them. I know people, like yourself, but I know people in the media that I have tremendous respect for…but a big portion of the media -- the dishonesty, total deceit and deception -- it makes them certainly partially the opposition party, absolutely," Trump explained.
"I think they're much more capable than the opposition party. The opposition party is losing badly. Now the media is on the opposition party's side," Trump continued.
Trump says with all the major media bias it's hard to believe he won. But he credits that victory in part to the support of evangelical Christians.
Replacing Scalia
And so far, Trump hasn't forgotten their support. He's making good on the promises he made, specifically when it comes to choosing a Supreme Court nominee.
"I know you're narrowing down the list. I know you've talked about who you kind of have an idea of who is going to be this person, but let me ask you where does the final result lie?" Brody asked.
"You know we put out 20 before the election. I said these are the people I'll pick. And I think the person I pick will be big. I think people are going to love it. I think evangelicals, Christians will love my pick and will be represented very fairly," said Trump.
The Refugee Crisis
But there's another group of Christians who need the president's help too: Christian refugees.
During the campaign,Trump promised to put restrictions on people entering the country from terrorist prone countries.
But critics have pointed out those restrictions would also harm Christians fleeing the same areas.
"Persecuted Christians. We've talked about this, the refugees overseas. The refugee program, or the refugee changes you're looking to make -- as it relates to persecuted Christians, do you see them as kind of a priority here?" questioned Brody.
"Yes…They've been horribly treated," Trump replied. . They were chopping off the heads of everybody -- but more so the Christians," he noted. "And I thought it was very, very unfair. So we are going to help them."
A Call for Prayer
It's weighty decisions like this one that lead Trump to say he needs God in his life now more than ever.
"How has that spiritual journey been for you -- especially being here and knowing the gravity of the office? Do you feel the need to pray more? Where are you on that?" Brody asked.
"Well, I'll tell you what. I've always felt the need to pray, and you know that," Trump replied. "So, I would say that. You know we're working very hard on health care. But there, you're talking about life and death and you're talking about better lives."
"People living better because they have better health care at a lower price, which we're working very hard on, so yeah, you realize these decisions are all so important," he continued. "There's almost not a decision that you make when you're sitting in this position that isn't a really life-altering position. So God comes in even more so."
Watch David's entire interview with President Trump this Sunday, January 29 at 11 p.m. EST on Free.It is common for wedding celebrations to have their own unique twists and surprises to truly make the experience more romantic and memorable for everyone.:!Subscribe to check Price 2 Acres Agriculture Land For Sale In Uppardam Tiruppur
Published date: Please Subscribe
- Location: Tiruppur, Tamil Nadu, India
Want to see the whole ad and contact info?
Get subscribed to display price, full description, publish date & contact info!Login! Subscribe now!
2 Acres agriculture land for sale in Uppardam ,Kundadam area near Uppardam road, 5km Palladam to Dharapuram main road Kundadam,bore, PAP Irrigati... In MahalingapuramFarm Land - Chennai (Tamil Nadu) Subscribe to check Price
5.50 Acres farm land for sale in Mahalingapuram very close to village,road access.1 acre Coconut farm, 4.50 acre agricultural land, kinaru w...
- 20 Acres Agriculture Land For Sale In AtturFarm Land - Attur - Selam (Tamil Nadu) Subscribe to check Price
20 Acres agriculture land for sale in Attur. Farm Land has superb soil near by river and 0.5 km from NH 79,upcoming ring road connection poi...
- 20 Acres Farm House For Sale In MadhuranthangamFarm Land - Maduranthakam - Kanchipuram (Tamil Nadu) Subscribe to check Price
20 Acres farm house for sale in Madhurangam near ECR 15 Acre Coconut Farm, 1500 Coconut trees approx,Mango Trees 2 acre,2 well,1 Guest house...Gents Full Length Socks
Price And Quantity
- 1200
- Pair/Pairs
- 135.00 - 180.00 INR
Product Specifications
- Anti Wrinkle, Washable
- High
- Foot Socks
- Cotton
- Printed
- Summer, Rainy, Spring, Winter, All Season
- Knee Length Millimeter (mm)
- Brown and Grey
Product Description
We have carved niche in this industry for designing and supplying a vast array of Gents Full Length Socks. These socks wick away sweat or moisture to keep your feet dry and to prevent blisters. These full length socks are ideal for winters and can be worn daily. These socks keep your feet dry and warm that makes you feel comfortable. They are capable of drawing moisture away quickly from feet to keep them odor-free and dry. In addition, offered Gents Full Length Socks are available in different colors and patterns as per clients' demands.
Features:
- Excellent sweat absorbency
- Beautiful finish
-Yes! We Ship To Canada
$10
Free local pick up
Allen/ Lucas/ Fairview area
Thanks for Visiting
Cheers! 4% Spandex Fits
PLEASE add ROUTE purchase protection to your order for .99 cents. Otherwise you purchase is not insured.- Departments
- Building Department
Building Department
Building Department Mission Statement:
The Building Department is a professional office committed to preserving the health, welfare and safety of Preston residents, businesses and the general public. Our goal is to not only assist applicants, in the permit process, but also to provide thorough, consistent and efficient administration of the Connecticut State Building Code. We seek open communication and cooperation between all of the land use departments in order to better serve the community of Preston. We strive to provide a high quality of customer service with timely responsiveness, professionalism and continually find ways to improve our department.
The primary function of the Building Department is to insure the health, safety and general welfare of the public. This is accomplished by:
- Performing plan reviews.
- Issuing permits and conducting inspections to insure compliance with the Connecticut State Building Code.
- Issuing necessary orders and notices to remove illegal or unsafe conditions.
- Interpreting and providing guidance regarding all applicable codes to Architects, Engineers, Contractors, Developers and other interested parties.
- Reviewing applications with the Town Planner, Zoning Enforcement Officer, Fire Marshal, Health Department, Sanitarian and Inland Wetlands Officer, along with various other local, state, and federal agencies as may be required.
A permit is required whenever any owner or authorized agent intends to construct, enlarge, alter, repair, move, demolish, or change the occupancy of a building or structure, or to erect, install, enlarge, alter, repair, remove, convert or replace any electrical, gas, mechanical, or plumbing system.We strongly believe that...
● The overall aims of education for the 21st Century should be to enable every person to attain all-round development and to be capable of life-long learning.
● Our priority should be to enable students to enjoy learning, enhance their effectiveness in communication and develop their creativity and sense of commitment.
● All students are unique and their potential and multiple intelligence can be fully developed if ample opportunities are duly provided.
● The development of student’s multiple intelligence helps to strengthen their confidence and to bring out their giftedness
We commit ourselves....
● To create a loving and harmonious learning environment which helps students to,
● develop self-esteem and optimism;
● pursue knowledge and truths, accept multi-cultures and have a world vision;
● think creatively and cope with changes;
● undertake the responsibility to the family and individuals; and serve the community;
● better understand Chinese history and culture; be concerned with the development of our country.
We strive....
For creating a professional environment to,
● encourage professional collaboration and cultivate the culture of quality assurance;
● make good use of educational researches to enhance teaching and learning, and also to promote teachers' professional development;
● facilitate an innovative curriculum development in response to the needs of students and social changes.
For developing an effective partnership network among the school, students' families and the community towards the accomplishment of
the vision of 'all-round development for students'.Tailored to fit your space
A brilliantly versatile solution to ensure maximum impact at your event
Modular exhibition stands
Stands that can scale to your requirements
Modular exhibition stands have the flexibility to be made up to the grandest of stands yet remain simple in their design. Whether you need a large or small display our range of modular stands offer a truly flexible and cost effective solution that can scale up and down depending on the size and shape of your event space.
What we mean by a modular exhibition stand is a display made up from smaller components. Individual graphic panels are linked together to create a large seemless graphic, tailored to fit the exact dimensions required. Modular stands are brilliantly versatile allowing you to build up small and low cost improvements to your stand without having to start from scratch – a perfect solution for any business with changing event requirements.
Nexus can help you design and build a completely tailored solution. All we need to get started is the dimensions of your exhbition space - give us a call today and we'll put together a quote.
Since unveiling our new design we have gone from last place to first at shows and are now considered to have one of the best around ...Torino 2005 Course
Contents
Gaze-Based Human-Computer Interaction
28-29 April 2005, Politecnico di Torino, Italy
Description
The tutorial provides examples, experiences and design guidelines for using eye gaze in human-computer interaction. The goal is to give deep insight into exploiting the information about gaze direction in human-computer interaction. The participants will learn the basics of eye-tracking, but the focus of the tutorial is on the interaction issues. After the tutorial, the participants should understand the pros and cons of using gaze as an input device in real time. Various aspects of gaze interaction are covered both theoretically and in practice using live demonstrations with a state-of-the-art eye-tracking device.
Eye gaze is not much used in human-computer interaction. However, the advances in eye-tracking technology make it an increasingly interesting option to be added to the conventional modalities. It is easy to understand that point of gaze indicates the focus of visual attention, which is a crucial element in building attentive, proactive interfaces -- but there are numerous pitfalls to be avoided. The instructors have used eye-trackers for a decade, both for command-and-control and for attentive interfaces. We will share our experiences and design guidelines that can help other developers to understand the reasons behind the problem issues and to design solutions that avoid the traps.
Audience
The tutorial does not assume previous knowledge on eye-tracking, since the basic concepts will be explained. It will be of interest to participants wishing to learn more about this modality, and to participants wishing to get ideas on how to apply it in interaction. Live demonstrations will ensure that the audience gets a concrete feeling of the interaction and the applications.
Outline of the Program
Thursday 28.4., 10.30-13.30 (3 hours):
Part I: Theory and Methods
- Introduction
- Live demonstration of an eye-controlled application
- Background
- Eye movements research
- Technological background
- Taxonomy of eye-tracking applications
- Gaze data visualization and analyzing methods
- Gaze points and fixations
- Visualizing cumulative data
- Studying real world tasks
- Data analysis
- Scan paths
- Fixation maps
- Abstracted image stylization
- Eye typing
- Issues and approaches
- Another demo
On Thursday evening: Get together party & pizza!
Friday 29.4., 10.30-13.30 (3 hours):
Part II: Applications
- Gaze-aware applications
- Eye typing continued
- More command-and-control applications
- Multimodal applications
- Gaze-contingent displays
- Attentive interfaces
- In-depth example: iDict, an attentive reading aid
- Basic idea
- Live demonstration of the application
- Proactivity
- Implementation challenges
- Design guidelines
Speakers
The instructors have experience with eye-tracking devices from the mid-1990's. Both are experienced educators. Kari-Jouko Räihä has been teaching courses for 25 years, also in the United States (Cornell University, University of Oregon). Päivi Majaranta has taught several courses at the University of Tampere on human-computer interaction and usability.
Kari-Jouko Räihä is Professor of Computer Science at the University of Tampere, Finland, where he leads the Tampere Unit for Computer-Human Interaction (TAUCHI). He holds a Ph.D. degree in computer science from the University of Helsinki, Finland. For the past fifteen years he has led research in human-computer interaction, covering algorithm animation, groupware systems, user-centered design, multimodal interaction, information visualization, spoken dialogue systems, and gaze-based interaction.
Prof. Räihä has published more than 50 refereed papers on his work, and participates regularly in program committees of major conferences in the field. He was co-chair of the program committee for NordiCHI 2004, and is co-chair of both ETRA 2006 and IDC 2006.
Päivi Majaranta is the scientific coordinator of the five-year European network of excellence on Communication by Gaze Interaction (COGAIN, 2004-2009). She obtained her M.Sc. in computer science in 1998 from the University of Tampere. Her research interests are computer-aided communication, multimodal interaction, and especially eye-aware and eye-operated computer interfaces. Currently, she is doing her Ph.D. research on an eye typing system.
Materials
The notes will include
- an introduction to the tutorial
- copies of all slides
- a full bibliography of all cited works
- selected readings
Sample slides
Preregistration for the course is required. The registration form is accessible through the web site of the course. Note that this is the final module of a longer course that starts on the previous week.
Mobility grants
Members of COGAIN can apply for a mobility grant to fund the participation in the course. Email office@cogain.org for more information.Signature Events
If you are looking for a great way to make new friends and memories, develop your skills and gain new experiences, or to make your mark, then this is just for you! There are many ways to get involved at Albany State University whether it is Buck Back Week, exploring our 50+ student organization at the Org Showcase, or getting involved during homecoming. These events are a great way to meet new people, develop relationships with professional staff members, and gain great leadership experience!
There is always something to do at ASU and there are many ways to get involved!
Navigate to Some of our Signature Events
Stay Connected Via Social Media
All Filters 0
Includes surrounding areas
30 Year lease to 100% Market Share Pub
30 Year Net Lease - 100% Market Share - Strong Depreciation Extensive Fitout
Burgess Rawson are proud to exclusively offer for Sale by Auction this outstanding 'Pub' in Googong NSW (Queanbeyan) with a 100% market share. This sports pub, restaurant and bar comes with an...
Blue Ribbon Property on Canberra's Doorstep
LAWD (Land, Agribusiness, Water & Development) is pleased to present Chimney Creek (The Property). A blue-ribbon grazing platform with mixed farming capabilities and future development opportunities. ...
2022 is looking like a year to remember, local travel, minimal Covid restrictions, and a community that is excited to mingle. What better time is there to invest in the golden opportunity that is The ...
Please input valid Email
Proposed Developments
ZoningThe Tearoom Trade study is a study by Laud Humphreys conducted in 1970 to obtain information on male homoerotic behaviors that occurred in public bathrooms.
Explanation:
In the 1960s, in Los Angeles, supposed homosexual behavior was a felony charge under the law. In 4 years, Los Angeles convicted 493 men of this supposed crime, and 279 of those were arrested in public restrooms known as tearooms. Laud Humphreys, an American sociologist, decided to examine these tearooms and observe the homoerotic behaviors within.
Humphreys described his data collection procedures, including systematic observations, archival data, interviews, and questionnaires. The researcher performed 50 observations of homoerotic encounters that were included in the study and interviewed some of the participants. Moreover, he used license plate numbers and connections with the police department to access the contact information of other tearoom participants. He did it in order to distribute and collect men’s health questionnaires to tearoom frequenters. Later, many people blamed Humphreys that The Tearoom Trade study was unethical because of methods of collecting data.
Through his data collection procedures, Humphreys identified four types of participants: trades, ambisexuals, gays, and closet queens. The trade type included 19 individuals whose primary function in the tearooms was prostitution. Many of them were trick drivers, teenage boys, and semi-skilled workers.
Ambisexuals included 12 individuals who were primarily husbands commuting to or from works stopping by the tearooms for impersonal sex on their way home. The gay type included 7 of the 50 participants, and most of them were openly gays in the community. The closet queen type was comprised of 12 men, mostly single and Catholic, who were primarily interested in teenage boys. Humphreys described all of them as people who would have never been pegged as sexual deviants.
The Laud Humphreys’ Tearoom Trade study discovered that those who were most concerned with hiding their homoerotic behaviors were also the most politically and conservative. The researcher concluded that the tendency to be Orthodox proper and politically conservative was an attempt to compensate for sexual deviant behaviors in these participants. Humphreys also claimed that attempted social control of homoerotic behavior was more harmful than helpful.Zaha Hadid's will reveals £70 million fortune
Zaha Hadid's will reveals details of her multi-million-pound estate, of which former business partner Patrik Schumacher is the only non-family beneficiary.
British-Iraqi architect Zaha Hadid left behind holdings worth over £70.8 million when she died in March 2016, according to documents obtained by the Architects' Journal.
The sum includes the value of her firm Zaha Hadid Architects – now directed by business partner Patrik Schumacher – and a penthouse in Clerkenwell, east London.
However she had more than £3 million of debt at the time of her death, which reduced her net worth to £67.2 million.
Schumacher was left a gift of £500,000 and named as an executor of Hadid's will, alongside her niece Rana Hadid, artist Brian Clarke and property developer and former Serpentine Gallery chairman Peter Palumbo.
The four executors, who are also the trustees of charity the Zaha Hadid Foundation, were given 125 years from the date of Hadid's death to distribute her estate.
If the executors fail to agree on how the wealth should be distributed within the allotted term, the sum will be given to the Zaha Hadid Foundation.
Schumacher has come under considerable fire recently for the controversial views on social housing he expressed in a speech at the World Architecture Festival in late 2016.
The comments sparked a protest outside Zaha Hadid Architect's London offices and an open letter from the studio distancing itself from its director's views.
Rana Hadid, Brian Clarke and Peter Palumbo said they "totally disagree" with Schumacher's views, and claimed Hadid herself would have opposed the speech, which mapped out the architect's vision for a privatised city.
In her will, Hadid also left three further sums of £500,000 and two of £100,000 to family members. Other beneficiaries of her will are charities including the Zaha Hadid Foundation, her companies and other family members.If you want to learn about our products , please call or write mail consultation.Get a Quote
News - Crusher Spares Ltd CRUSHER SPARES LTD has made to order special brand new 42 x 12 grizzly . .
spares for stone crushers square head bolt with sl nut and washerparts for construction machinery uganda delhi air cargo nos 100 58590 586 jul 25 2015 84749000 stone crusher machinery parts- hammer block as per drg no.3 we intend to claim rewards under meis qatar ..
About Marsman India Ltd. -Established in 1985 Marsman India Ltd. has made a name for itself in the list of top suppliers of Jaw Crusher Mining Exploration amp Drilling Machinery in India. The supplier company is located in Nashik Maharashtra and is one of the leading sellers of listed .
stalco-stone-crusher-spares-parts - STALCOStone Crusher Parts . Jul 9 2014 . stalco-stone-crusher-spares-parts. . Stone crusher parts Crusher Wear Parts Crusher Parts Jaw . Diamond Almedia Deepa Sisco Ecoman Marshall Marsman. Read more. stone crasher project cost in india. of mobile impact crushers in india deepa .
Stone Crusher Parts Stone Crusher Spares Stone Mining Services Crusher Products Jaw plates manufacturers cheek plates manufacturers side plate manufacturers wedges manufacturers bowl liner manufacturers mantle manufacturers blow bars hammer manufacturers liners manufacturers . Marsman nbsp Ecoman Bullet Bolt for Screen- Metso .
Hydraulic Cone Crusher1.24 ..
Silver stone crusher Manufacturer ampsupplier 10mm 20mm 65mmG.S.B. dust of cone crusher Contact 70822125147082212515 . . . silverstonecrusher stonecrusher
Stone Crushers Inc 37 followers on LinkedIn. Stone Crushers Inc is a building materials company based out of 516 Dallas Hwy Sw Cartersville Georgia United States. Jaw Crusher Jaw Crusher Spare Parts High Manganese Steel Casting Crusher Spare Parts Fixed Jaw Plate Blow Bar. US 2.00-5.00 Kilogram. 1.0 Kilograms . china toothed jaws china jaw crusher rock breaker china easy jaw china small and expensive china stone jaw crusher stone crusher parts supplier china marsman .
MARSMAN Secondary Jaw Crushers are ideally suited for crushing of hard granite stone black tarp rock river gravel lime stone coal iron ore etc. . Manufacturer and Supplier of Stone Crusher Spare Parts Grease Type Of Stone . Mobile Crusher offered
Consult a product? Click the button below to contact immediately.Cultural identity
Book (biography)
Brown Face, Big Master, Joyce Gladwell
1969, Inter-Varsity Press: UK
>> Biography exploring the subtleties of White, Black and ‘Brown’ identity - a source of prestige in Jamaica, but unrecognised in 1950s Britain.
HI.4/GLA
Archive collection
Ann Adeyemi collection
1950 – 2000
>> A collection documenting the life of a Manchester woman of Irish and Liberian heritage. Ann’s mixed-race mother was born in Salford in 1920. Ann has donated family photographs and other ephemera, as well as an interview.
Archive: 250/2/11
Pamphlet
West Indian Front Room, Michael McMillan
2003, Black Arts Alliance: Manchester
>> Visual homage to the hard work and determination that West Indians living in the UK put into building a good home for the family.
Shelf ref: MAN/CU.3.01/MCM
Pamphlet
Sacred and the Profane, Desiree Ntolo
1994, New Ethnicities Unit: Dagenham
>> The story of Desiree Ntolo, a woman of mixed Jewish and African heritage living in the UK; her campaign to build a structure of observance for her Essene faith in her back garden, and how this sacred space was profaned by the interventions of the local Council and mass media.
Shelf ref: CU.5.00/NTO
Book
Working-class White: The making and unmaking of race relations, Monica McDermott
2006, University of California Press
>> An intimate view of the lived experience of race in urban America from a unique vantage: the corner store. The author spent a year working as a convenience store clerk in White working class neighbourhoods in Atlanta and Boston in order to observe race relations between Blacks and Whites in a natural setting.
Shelf ref: CU.4.02/MCD
Book
Hair Story: Untangling the roots of Black hair in America, Ayana D. Byrd
2001, St. Martins Griffin: New York
>> A history of the culture and politics behind the ever-changing state of Black hair - from 15th century Africa to present-day US. This is an entertaining look at the intersection of the personal, political and popular aspects of hair styles, tracing a unique aspect of Black American history.
Shelf ref: CU.4.01/BYR
Book
Yellow: Race in America beyond Black and White, Frank H. Wu
2002, Basic Books: New York
>> A leading voice in America's Asian community tackles what it means to be Asian American in contemporary America.
Shelf ref: CU.3.03/WUVANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) — Vancouver Canucks captain Roberto Luongo told his teammates to relax, stop worrying, and have fun.
They executed the star goalie’s plan perfectly at the expense of the Montreal Canadiens on Wednesday night.
After only managing six goals while losing their first three games of the season, the Canucks scored in bunches in their 7-1 romp over Montreal.
Ryan Kesler, Mason Raymond and Steve Bernier scored late in the first period, Henrik Sedin scored twice in a 3:37 span of the second, and Mikael Samuelsson and Alex Burrows scored 19 seconds apart in the third to help Vancouver avoid the first 0-4 start in franchise history.
“It’s nice to get a win finally,” said Luongo, who made 27 saves after being pulled from the Canucks last game on Monday and coming into this one with an uncharacteristic .820 save percentage and 4.55 goals-against average.
“We just spoke about relaxing before the game and just going out there and having fun, play our game and not worry about our record right now.”
Tomas Plekanec scored for Montreal, and Carey Price, who was brilliant in the first two games of the season, stopped 25 of 32 shots before being pulled with 8 minutes left. The Canadiens lost for the second time in two nights.
“You don’t win any battles for loose pucks you’re not going to win too many hockey games,” Montreal coach Jacques Martin said. “We were outworked, and outdetermined. To win games you have to show a lot more determination.”
Vancouver took advantage of a Montreal team that flew in late after losing to Calgary, outshooting the Canadiens 14-4 in the opening period and jumping out to a 3-0 lead. After averaging 40 shots in the three losses, the puck finally started to go in the Canucks against a defenseless Price.
“It felt like everything was going in and rightfully so,” said Kesler, who also had two assists after opening the scoring. “We’ve been working hard and it s finally good to get rewarded.” with 6:10 left in the opening period. Sedin added his second goal when a turnover at center created a 2-on-0 with Bernier from the blue line. The Swedish star faked a pass before lifting a backhand over the outstretched blocker of Price.
“It seems easy when pucks are going in but this is the way we have been playing in the first three games too,” said Henrik Sedin, who also had an assist.
It was a tough night for Price, who was playing his first NHL game in his home province in front of family and friends after being benched in his lone visit last season despite having more than 800 fans in attendance.
“It was pretty disappointing not being able to play (last year), but this is even more disappointing,” said Price, with a fresh, fist-sized hole in the wall beside his locker. “I battled as hard as I could.”
He just didn’t get much help.
Samuelsson jammed a power play rebound through him midway through the third as the Canucks went 3-for-5 with the man advantage. After Burrows scored on the next shift, Price was mercifully pulled in favor of Jaroslav Halak.
“It’s terrible. We didn’t do a good job for him the first two games and he stood on his head, he was Superman,” said Mike Cammalleri, refusing use back-to-back games as an excuse. “We’ve all been on road trips before. We’re pro athletes. We’ve got to come with better than that.”
NOTES: Daniel Sedin had three assists. ….IDS 2021 highlight: TRUMPF 3D printer uses preforms to boost efficiency in production of dental implant components // New solution can be retrofitted to current series of TruPrint 1000 3D printers
IDS trade show: TRUMPF presents solution for more efficient abutment printing
Ditzingen, September 22, 2021 – At this year’s IDS dental show, high-technology company TRUMPF unveiled a new processing solution that makes the production of customized, implant-supported dental prostheses more efficient. The new process focuses on the manufacturing of “abutments”, the connecting elements that join the dental implant to the visible crown. The TRUMPF TruPrint 1000 3D printer, which is specially designed for the dental industry, can print up to 64 implant abutments in a single print job – and thanks to the use of preforms it gets the whole job done in less than three hours! A preform is a special kind of base or substrate with a prefabricated implant connection geometry and a flat platform on which an individual component can be printed from a chromium-cobalt alloy or titanium using a 3D printer. This processing solution is used to create the abutments that are ultimately used to support the dental crown. Abutment manufacturing has traditionally relied on milling, bonded hybrid Abutments, or complex casting methods. But the new TRUMPF preform solution makes the whole fabrication process more efficient while using fewer materials. “Implant-supported dental prostheses are the world’s fastest-growing dental industry segment,” says Reinhard Sroka, dental industry manager at TRUMPF. “That’s why dental laboratories need to act fast to tap into this lucrative and pioneering field – harnessing the power of high-productivity 3D printers is the best way to tackle growing cost and competitive pressures.”
TRUMPF has developed a special adapter plate for its preform processing solution; this can be loaded with preforms prior to printing and inserted into the TruPrint 1000 3D printer, where it is calibrated fully automatically. The printer, which comes with a choice of one or two lasers, uses the laser metal fusion technique to melt the metal powder layer by layer and fabricate individual abutments in the powder bed.
A versatile choice for implant prosthetics
As well as boosting productivity, additive manufacturing also offers key benefits when it comes to tackling complex abutment geometries. Users have almost unlimited freedom to choose where to position the screw channels, and even the most complex structures can be fabricated with ease.
The new TRUMPF preform processing solution adds an extra dimension to the TruPrint 1000, making it the perfect all-in-one machine for implant prosthetics manufacturing. What’s more, the Multiplate option enables the system to produce parts without manual intervention on up to four build platforms, paving the way for overnight and weekend work. The system automatically switches to the next platform after each production job and stores them directly within the machine. The Multiplate function cannot currently be used in tandem with the new preform processing solution. Additive manufacturing of custom abutments is now available for all new TruPrint 1000 machines. This function can also be retrofitted to the latest series of machines. 1000
The TruPrint 1000, which is specially designed for the dental industry, can print up to 64 implant abutments in a single print job – and thanks to the use of preforms it gets the whole job done in less than three hours.
Laser Metal Fusion
The new TRUMPF preform solution makes the whole fabrication process more efficient while using fewer materials.
Adapter plate
TRUMPF has developed a special adapter plate for its preform processing solution; this can be loaded with preforms prior to printing and inserted into the TruPrint 1000 3D printer, where it is calibrated fully automatically.
Preform
Preform adapter (left) and individually printed preform (right).
Contact person
WINTER
scottish winter skills
4 day
A fully immersive Scottish winter experience - learn, refine and develop all things winter; from ice axe and crampons to winter navigation and avalanche awareness.
Instructor Ratio - 1:6
4 Day Course
Open Session:
£360pp
Private bookings offered outside of our course dates
OVERVIEW
This is a longer and more comprehensive.
Course Outline:
Day 1:
Planning, preparation and winter hill kit
How to store and carry your kit
Movement on snow - using the boot as a tool and kicking steps
Ice axe technique - for security and balance and for cutting steps
Self arrest - for halting a slip and gaining control
Crampons - fitting crampons, walking in crampons and front pointing
Day 2:
Avalanche awareness - to stay safe and develop understanding of a hazardous and dynamic landscape
Winter navigation - all those summer features become covered; practice on a different scale map and winterise your navigation.
Dealing with winter emergencies
How to construct and build snow shelters
Day 3:
Steep ground - further movement skills and safeguarding skills
Snow anchors and their application and limitations
Ascend a gully line or similar
Further winter navigation practice
Evening session of planning a mountain journey
Day 4:
Undertake a mountain journey and summit day
Summit winter Munro's
Use all skills gained on the course.Home -> Magazines -> Issues -> Articles in this issue -> View
This Immage is not a guitar for you Maoists, as it comes from Taiwan, the Chinese Nationalist Republic. Taiwan, as it happens, is one of the most densely populated countries in the world. Which is why this guitar only costs £99; labour is plentiful in Taiwan.
It's a Strat copy. It's got the selector, the three pickups, and the creaky tremolo, it's also got the white/black/white laminated scratchplate, even if it is rather thick and looks more like a liquorice allsort than a delicate plastic veneer.
Another Fender design feature our Formosan friends have off pat is the slightly smaller keyhole headstock of earlier Strats, though here it's fighting with a hideous gold Immage decal — thankfully easy to scratch off.
So much for the detail. Interestingly, it is in more obvious areas that the Immage deviates from its model. Although the 21 frets are thin, the excellently finished and pleasantly playable neck is thick — VERY thick — in part due to the unusual width and depth of the fingerboard.
The neck/body joint wouldn't pass as snug, though the four-bolt fixing was perfectly stable. The finish (lovely colour) seemed quite robust; there were one or two blemishes, though this will vary from guitar to guitar.
One other minor point: while the (new style) Fender bridge saddles were all perfectly positioned, the tremolo was not set up at all. Ten minute judicious work with a pencil (graphite lubrication) at the nut and on the string retainers, and a little fiddling with a screw driver at the bridge can save a lot of embarrassment later.
Chunky isn't in it. This is a bulky guitar, large and heavy, which makes it feel cheaper and tackier than it deserves. The Immage has surprising sustain and a tone well beyond that which you might expect from guitar of this price. The wide, slightly cambered fingerboard makes it ideal for anyone with unwieldy fingers (like a beginner?), though the noise it makes is good enough to satisfy the upwardly mobile guitarist for a while.
There's no argument that £99 is a good price to pay for such a playable copy. Most of the faults I've found are cosmetic, and such bones (treetrunks?) of contention as the fat neck and the sticky trem shrivel next to the under £100 price tag. Now all they have to do is learn how to spell..Corporate Entertainment, Great Southern Killarney!
Something I’m really looking forward to post Covid-19 lockdown is getting back into corporate entertainment, socially distanced or not! I’m usually placed over 2 metres away from my subject but for extra peace of mind I am fitting my easel with a perspex screen and I’m undertaking certified Covid-19 Officer training so I will know … Read moreKistler Group has made a strategic acquisition of software developer, AMS in order to increase its expertise in measurement data management, with a focus on vehicle development. AMS, based in Chemnitz, Germany specialises in analysing, processing and visualising large volumes of measurement data.
This increase in Big Data capability is partly driven by electrification and autonomous mobility. As the numbers of automated vehicles on the roads grows in the future, their safety must be ensured through the fast and efficient evaluation of huge quantities of data, complemented by extensive and informative tests during the development phase. Kistler was thus attracted to AMS’s product portfolio, which includes measurement data visualisation and evaluation solutions that can be licensed for PC or web-based use.
Dr Bernhard Sünder, founder and CEO of AMS, commented, “Measurement data is different from other data. This is why we offer specialised data mining for Big Test Data with our jBEAM and MaDaM solutions. With Kistler as our strong partner, we are on course for growth. The global reach of the Group’s sales organization will help us to advance.”
Rolf Sonderegger, CEO of the Kistler Group, added, “AMS is highly successful in the field of software-based data analysis, making it a perfect fit with our R&D.”
This acquisition is an element in Kistler Group’s long-term digitisation strategy that will see the group change from a solution supplier into an information provider.
“What is clear about Information as a service is that key components of the value chain will be shifting towards software. That makes it critically important to develop the appropriate resources at an early stage,” Sonderegger added. “AMS will contribute know-how that complements our existing vehicle development solutions. In the future, our customers will be able to obtain even more from one single source, and they will benefit from enhanced consistency throughout our systems – from sensors to data evaluation.”Performer: Final Stand
Title: II
Country: Germany
Released: 2007
Style: Heavy Metal
Rating: 4.4
Votes: 753
Other formats: MMF MP2 VOX AU AA VQF WMA
The game has been in development since 2013, and as of May 2017, it has been officially released . The game has been in development since 2013, and as of May 2017, it has been officially released. The main goal of the game is to survive as many nights against hordes of undead using teamwork between your squad of 6 players. The game is free to play, although it has optional cosmetic and functional purchases for ROBUX that grant semi-permanent and single-game bonuses.
The Final Stand 2 is the long awaited sequel to the original Final Stand, back in 2011. The Final Stand 2 seeks to revive the series with improved combat, weapons, upgrades, zombies and so much more. Update History New Map (. ): 31/10/2018 Nightmare Update (. ): 13/10/2017 Official Release: 01/05/2017 Entered Beta: 19/10/2016 Started Irregular Development: 27/10/2013. Survive wave after wave of ever increasing Zombie hordes as you fortify your defenses and make your Final Stand. How long will you survive? The Final Stand 2 is the long awaited sequel to the original Final Stand, back in 2011.
The Final Stand (early working title: The Survival Games) is a first-person multiplayer survival combat game from Hella Games Entertainment featuring archaic weaponry, natural disasters and ever-changing, dynamic environments! Fight to be the last man or woman standing at the end of each match. Enemy combatants won't be your only opponents; Mother Nature herself will come out swinging, plunging every contest into constant uncertainty!
Album : The Final Stand CD 2. Artist : Dj Harpz. The Final Stand CD 2 Is A Album. It Contains 15 Tracks Sung By Dj Harpz. Below Are The Tracks Of The Final Stand CD 2 Album By Their Singer Name Respectively. The Final Stand CD 2 Songs. Gabru Shakeen Dj Harpz. Artist in Album : Dj Harpz. Punjabi Hindi All Music.
Final Stand-Final Stand RACT. 08-final stand-surviving the conflict. 09-final stand-the drum and the gun. 10-final stand-call to arms 2. 11-final stand-rebel soldier.
TRACKLIST 1. Intro 00:00 2. Mallaeus Malefacarum 01:18 3. Agnostic Priest 03:22 4. Final Stand 04:34 5. Hell's Fire 08:43 6. Unit 731 10:08 7. Abysmal Horror 11:46 8. The Party was a Wrap 15:04 RELEASED: May 4, 2019 Recorded and Mastered By Greg Wilkinson at Earhammer Studios Cover Art: Jenglot Hitam. 1539098406125927/, al. MEMBERS Alex Sarni - Rhythm Guitar/Vocals Magnus Polaris - Lead Gutair Max Kasler - Drums Evan Ghallager - Bass. Cross over always not the authentic thrashed, any way, their music is something and expression of vocal is something, not very good album for me :( hassan rakibAylar önce. Raise your sword and battle axe, atttttaaacckkkk!! Xennol NorthernhighAylar önce.Catalonia Sideboard | 2 doors + 3 drawers | White or Matt Black
Sale Sale
Original price £269.00 - Original price £279.00
Original price
£269.00
£269.00 - £279.00
Current price £269.00
Our Biggest EVER Black Friday Sale ends in
{timer}
Don't Miss Out!
Catalonia Sideboard 2 doors + 3 drawers.
The Catalonia Sideboard is a modern large sideboard including plenty of storage in a striking design complete with brown leather tab handles. Ideally placed in a large hallway or dining room, the Catalonia Sideboard has plenty of hideaway storage space with its 2 cupboards and 3 drawers. The Catalonia Sideboard also has a large display area for all your family photographs.
Available in White or Matt Black.
Product Features
-Back in Ceylon
After a few days in Colombo we caught the charity's van down to the house on Saturday - a three hour journey just to cover 100km due to Sri Lankan driving and the amount of traffic on the road. What was once a nerve racking trip down the coast against suicide drivers has now become a mundane weekly occurrence for me, occasionally livened by police roadblocks (looking for terrorists) or sometimes an elephant on the back of a truck.
Faye and I were quite worried about what we might find in the house after being away for two weeks. Monsoon season has gone on longer than anyone can remember this year, with the rain still falling in torrents every afternoon, and this seems to have caused a small mudslide in the back garden. With visions of snakes, spiders and families of cockroaches living happily in the house, we entered cautiously, not knowing quite what to expect, but things turned out to be all right with only a collection of dead bugs lying around on the floor, and our family of geckos on the ceilings. The garden's still full of wildlife, however, and not long after opening the back door a huge snake appeared, looking like it wanted to come in, before thankfully changing it's mind and disappearing away into the jungle.Both one page, 8vo, fold marks, good condition.1. The ANS: I return the galleys on my Donleavy piece. As you see, there are [?] no corrections. Docketed, by Higgins presumably, SAT Review | File; 2. The TLS: [...] I thought The Times did me proud on the Donleavy article and was delighted that my portrait should be given so much greater prominence than Donleavy's. | It would be a tremendous kindness if you have any spare copies of it, to send me a few. I gave my only copy away.'.
On one side of an irregular piece of thin paper, roughly 12.5 x 13.5 cm. From the celebrated autograph collection of Richard Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton), and neatly mounted on a leaf extracted from an album. He writes that a few days previously he wrote to ask 'Monsieur le ministre de la marine' for 'une audience de q[uel]ques instants'. He fears that the letter did not reach him, and so renews his request. Signed 'salut et paternité | Alphonse Karr'.'., 12mo. On aged and creased paper. Folded twice. Written in purple ink. Firm signature, underlined with diagonal downstroke. Reads: 'Decr. 18 | My dear Williams, | What are you doing this Christmas? Will you come down here? | Your always | William Black'. The reverse carries pencil notes of Italian and French musical compositions in another hand..
1p., 12mo. In fair condition, lightly aged. Strip of glue from tape at head of page. Written in response to a request for an autograph. Centred in the page, and reading: 'Yours truly | James Payn | March 28th 1887.''.'.
1p., 12mo. In fair condition, on lightly-aged paper.Reads: 'Dear Sir | The 19th May is out of it; becase it falls in Eights Week, which is an impossible time for any sober event – college concerts & dances per evening, with a vista of importunate relatives behind. | Fir the rest, the 26th is very much our best evening, if you can possible manage it without putting yourself to too great inconvenience.' See Ensor's entry in the Oxford DNB.).
1p., 12mo. In fair condition, aged and worn. Reads: 'My dear Sir | Allow me to introduce to you Messrs.Where can I order your guaranteed traffic packages?
Where you can place you order depends on which type of customer you are...
- If you have NEVER ordered one of our traffic packages before, go here to place your order and to see our sales page:
- If you HAVE previously placed a traffic order and we have set up a traffic console account for you already, then log in to your members area and click on the link that says RE-ORDER TRAFFIC HERE. You will find that link toward the bottom of the page just above the live support graphics. All traffic console customers get a $5.00 price reduction on re-orders.
*If you have lost your Traffic Chest control panel log in link, contact support for that information.*With the return of live audiences to the Pasir Panjang Power Station, the team reflect on a game-changing 2020 and what the new shows mean for them
At the start of 2020, the world was full of endless possibilities. It was a brand new decade, and, yes, there were uncharted, exciting frontiers yet to conquer.
Little did we know an uncharted terrain would be the arrival of the pandemic.
At Pasir Panjang Power Station, this meant almost everything was put on hold for months – even though the team were still busy marinating great ideas for programming when everyone could congregate.
Now, it appears that there’s an intimation of good things on the horizon: two events, one week apart, signal the return of live, in-person shows, with social distancing measures in place, of course.
On Sunday, 20 December, musicians Aisyah Aziz, Lorong Boys and Nathan Hartono will inject some festive cheer at a concert series, Flock – The Xmas Edition, which comprises a matinee show and an evening show.
The following Sunday on 27 December, four writers and two illustrators, namely Charlene Shepherdson, Crispin Rodrigues, Gwee Li Sui and Marylyn Tan, will participate in Thread Presents CONVEY, an interdisciplinary event where they will collaborate to create a poem and a work of art.
Among the first batch of live concerts/performances with audiences in attendance, these two shows at the Power Station herald in the third phase of Singapore’s reopening, which will start on 28 December.
We speak to the team, and asked them their feelings about the return of live shows, and what they hope the two shows will achieve:
Cecilia Ong
“Sure, there are many more checks and regulations, no thanks to the pandemic, but we’ll make sure we get them done, despite the shorter turnaround time.”
Corrinne Wang
“I think we all feel cooped up from not being able to travel, so having live shows coming back give us something to be excited about, whether as an attendee or being part of the organising team. That if we are able to do it safely, it sets a precedent to future shows even those not run by us, and hopefully this means that we can start the ball rolling again for our industry.”
Desmond Goh
“It’s good that live shows are coming back, and I’m happy to prep for them. There’s a lot more work and planning involved as a result of the safe management measures. It’s people-focused. We need to do zoning for the audience, segregate queues, and so forth.
On stage, we need to take extra care about the performers – where they can stand, and making sure they can perform to their best ability. It’d be the first time the audience would be surrounding the stage. So look out for it!”
Janet Yeo
“I’m excited, but admittedly, this is very challenging because of the additional rules. It’s really thrilling, tiring, and thrilling.”
Jessica Tan
“I’m very excited. We’ve been free too long! Happy to be busy. Everyone in the company knows what to do. And we all miss bonding!”
Kevin Portscher
“Singaporeans have been working towards the transition into Phase 3 by keeping safe and vigilant during this pandemic. Livestream was a trend that suited the situation.
Now that vaccines are being made available to the public, people will feel safe to come out from their bubble, soak up the atmosphere, experience the new normal in attendance of events. Things will be different they say, but like wearing a face mask, it eventually becomes a routine one adapts to. So let’s get entertained and create a difference by being the generation that sets the new normal.
Flock and CONVEY support artists. It is important that their messages will impact the audience. The creative industry is essential. Without them, it would have been a really dreadful eight months since the Circuit Breaker began.
I hope that Flock and Convey will be able to lure the audience into a semi-private affair, considering the targeted number of attendees, where they soak in the sea of emotions through lyrics, tunes, words and pictures and be involved in the event as much they can to gain the full experience of what has been curated for the audience, to the end goal: BRING EVENTS BACK TO LIFE!”
Marcia Tan
“In-person small events had been slowly coming back since the Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth raised the number of people, from 50 persons to 100 persons, to be allowed in some places of worship, from August. These are baby steps needed. The introduction of pre-event testing is for bigger capacity and it will be interesting to see if patrons are game and willing to go with it.
As for our events, we chose Christmas as a theme for Flock, as it’s timely introspection, as well as a time for togetherness. Sure, it’s a challenge given the safety measures, but we hope the performance will give some joy and a sense of communion to the patrons.
For CONVEY, we know many people are afraid of the literary arts, and we take it upon ourselves to see if we can create a work which is engaging. I’m a fan of having something for everyone, so I hope there’s something in this presentation that appeals to some, the curious or even the sceptical.”
Natasha Hiorns
“The key is being careful. We have been blessed with the situation in Singapore, and we need to tread with caution to keep it up. It is definitely a promising thing that we are allowed to have in-person events again, and everybody needs to recognise this, play their part and act responsibly so that we can continue on this path for our community.
Christmas is a very special time for me. I joke that my playlist includes Christmas music no matter the occasion or date. There is a unique feeling of warmth and belonging when I think about spending time with my family on Christmas and I believe I’m not the only one who feels this way. With this year being as it has, many have not – and for Christmas may not – be able to spend quality time with those they love, and it has taken a toll on all of us some way or another. I hope that with Flock –The Xmas Edition, we are able to bring joy and warmth to our audience, a sense of belonging, family and cheer with our concerts.
Thread Presents CONVEY is a new concept to me personally, and I hope that it is a new and exciting experience for all who attend as well! It is impossible to predict what the end-work will be, and that is the beauty of it. Hopefully, if not already present, this event will ignite an interest in the arts for those who attend, as well as showcase Pasir Panjang Power Station as a chameleon in the world of spaces.”
Ryan Sandilands
“After such a tough year, I’ve a mixed sense of both excitement and relief to see the return of in-person events. I hope that this is now the start of a gradual and safe expansion of events and we can get back to the business of presenting great live entertainment.
Regardless of the artistic genre, there’s very little that can beat a quality live performance and this is what will be delivered in these two events. The performers will be tapping into almost 12-months of pent-up demand from a knowledgeable and passionate crowd and I’m expecting a release of emotion from fans, performers and those working backstage.”
Sham
“Yes, it’s going to be a massive challenge, as the Power Station isn’t purpose-built like a concert hall or theatre. One positive thing I can see from this is how we can finetune the operations and enhance the audience experience with all the safety measures in place.”
Yelyn Yeo
“I’m happy for our industry as a whole. We’re taking steps in the right direction. I feel excited and nervous, stressed but relieved that we’re slowly but surely getting to experience live concerts, festivals and the performing arts again.
Nothing beats experiencing the arts live. There’s something magical and cathartic about it all. We’ve taken all the precautionary steps, and have put in place safe management measures to ensure that both you and I are kept safe. It’s about time we head back to our performing arts venues, to grow and learn together, and to show our support.
Christmas this year feels unlike any other, as we’re not allowed to gather with more than five of our nearest and dearest at any one time. But I hope experiencing Flock – The Xmas Edition live will bring comfort and joy, as you soak up the live music, and bask in the festive spirit. Aisyah, Nathan and the Lorong Boys (David, Rit, Jon, Joachim and Eugene), our partners and our entire team have worked tirelessly to make this happen, so join us in celebrating the return of live music again.
With CONVEY, I find the concept of Exquisite Corpse so interesting, because you never know what to expect. That is precisely what I love about the arts. There is always room for imagination, interpretation and different perspectives to come together. I’m very excited to see the final poem and artwork in person. I love that we’re bringing together poets and illustrators of different styles and background, and giving them the room and creative freedom to present whatever their hearts’ desire. For audiences, I hope you come with zero expectations, and leave feeling inspired.”
Zahara Abu Bakar
“Now that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel, we are almost back to normal!”
Flock – The Xmas Edition takes place on Sunday, 20 December, 2.30pm and 8:30pm. Admission: $35, $50 and $70 from 24owls.sg/tickets
Thread Presents CONVEY takes place on Sunday, December 27, at 2pm and 3.45pm.
Admission: $15 from 24owls.sg/ticketsDeprecated: Array and string offset access syntax with curly braces is deprecated in /home/military.ch/www/SRC/galerie/include/functions_cookie.inc.php on line 72 03 BFE 009 | Swiss Raid Commando Gallery [ stop the slideshow ] 03 BFE 009 56/94 Reduce slideshow speed Increase slideshow speed Do not repeat slideshow Previous Pause slideshow Next Powered by PiwigoA family owned business locally owned and operated. Gerardo Torres and his wife Blanca Torres Garcia are proud to call southern New Mexico their home, they have been lucky enough to live in the region all our lives. They look forward to the opportunity to serve their community as a Licensed Land Surveyor in the State of New Mexico.
We provide an array of surveying services including, but not limited to:
- Boundary Surveys
- Improvement Surveys
- Topographic Surveys
- Flood Elevation Certificates
- Subdivisons
- Construction Staking
Gerardo Torres - Licensed Professional Surveyor, CEO
Blanca Torres Garcia - Business Administrator
To get an estimate, send us an e-mail or a text message so we can discuss your project.
3907 Agua Clara, Las Cruces, NM 88012, US
Monday - Thursday: By Appointment Only
Friday - Saturday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Sunday - ClosedThe beauty of the gesture
by Eric Darras
The long road that stretches between Lyon and Saint-Etienne is an incredibly busy one, just like the railway that run alongside it, one of the oldest and most used in France. But the vast majority of the time it is just a passage from one city to another. Through the windows of a car or a train, the countryside is transformed into a landscape. One’s gaze slips across nature and the unmoving, forgetting about men and their cultures which change and transform. The photographer observes the traces of popular creativity and in particular the many vehicles that have been transformed, customized, no one really says “pimped” anymore, that’s kind of old hat. Pimping, or tuning in French, is the art of personalizing a vehicle – bicycle, scooter, motorbike, car, van, truck… with his or her project, the transformation of a standard run of the mill vehicle, the tuner shows what they can do with their hands. Each tuner thus rebuilds a car which is unique, and rather than seeking to be admired, he or she is trying to earn the respect of his or her peers. This practice of an individualistic re-appropriation of a standard vehicle is as old as the vehicles themselves, appearing with the Model T Ford in America in the 1920’s, with its spread in France emerging alongside the popularization of the car in the 1980’s. This popular pastime is particularly paradoxical on a number of levels: both sporting and cultural, collective and individual, utilitarian and aesthetic, passionate and stigmatized, tuning, or pimping, can also reveal itself to be costly for creative individuals with a modest income…
Tuners present themselves in a voluntarily virile manner, and yet show great patience and have high standards with regard to one another. It is an authentic popular creation, close to other popular forms of do-it-yourself, like allotments, and various movements within punk, techno and heavy metal. The practice of tuning is almost always done as part of a team that represents the once industrial rural town. Like the local football club, the hunting group or the last remaining café in the village, the team is often the product and vector of a group of uniquely male, working class youths. The customized vehicles could be considered as the work of budding craftsmen, expressing a popular, and often working class pride, both individual and collective, and are often truly “places of working class memory”[1]. This popular world of the art of the automobile brings together personalities who are both modest and, for the most part, self-taught and who claim to be, and recognize each other as, honest hardworking men, who feel that they have been abandoned by politicians, who have been profoundly hurt, even scarred, by their time in school, by painful periods of unwanted inactivity and unemployment, and who possess a deep rooted fear of social disaffiliation.
It has been said that the search for an essential satisfaction is an expression of singularity, “showing what we can do”, each tuner wants to earn the respect of his peers: “even if I don’t win a prize, at least I’ll feel proud that I did it myself”. Those who, like Giotto when he painted the Trecento, allow themselves to sign their vehicle are few and far between, and in this they manifest something that is generally felt, a need for re-appropriation: “to be able to say: I did it”.
The vehicle as a unique aesthetic creation is doubtlessly based on the assertion of a certain individualism, and is at the same time made possible by the team: “I did what I wanted to, in the spirit of the club”. It is also a question of provoking a “certain form of jealousy”, entirely devoid of malice.
Jealousy only affects one’s peers. So “real” tuners only feel scorn for THEM, those above, the “bourgeois” who live in the city – and sometimes but not always, far from it – urban, working class youths “who listen to rap”, along with THOSE who, positioned above them in a social hierarchy – “the jackys” and “the kékés” – try to imitate them by buying kits, and who “fuck up the work” by making “crap”. What the “virtuoso” expresses through his car sculpture is also a fear of social regression, of being downgraded to the level of lumpen-proletariat alongside the trailer trash and the good for nothings. Tuners consider themselves as belonging to the higher, relatively stable part of the population made up of rural and semi-rural families.
Tuners who have been asked about the reasons that drive them so to dedicate so much time, money, energy and ingenuity to customizing their vehicle with such single minded focus, almost always answer with a disarming simplicity “because it looks great!”. This aesthetic judgement, this “beautiful”, takes on different meanings that are dependent on social class: in a popular milieu beauty is often the result of a physical effort. The (undoped) cycling race is beautiful because it reveals power, endurance, strength and tenacity… On a similar level, the personalized vehicle is beautiful because it is the object of a love for work well done. Within this discourse, ideas “come by doing”, “it just came to me”. The tuners muse seems to express itself directly through their hands. With virtuosos, tuning extends an already ancient interest for design or mechanics to the point that it becomes a professional activity: “It’s always been there, I always transformed my bicycles, repainting them, it was my way of standing out. Same thing with motorbikes, and then I started fiddling with cars”. For them, after the decorated and customized bicycles of childhood, scooters (that used to be called “mobs” and “mules” in France…) and motorbikes are tampered with in the teenage years and ultimately, the car, sometimes even before a driving license is obtained, between the moment when the young prodigy is given (or as an apprentice, buys) their first car and the moment when they pass their driving test, something that is of particular importance for this working class youth from small towns and semi-rural zones who experience it, in a more intensive fashion than elsewhere, as the means and symbol of independence, as much from the village as from their parents.
The pimped vehicle celebrates the gesture of the (skilled) manual worker. The customized vehicle is proof, more than a CV, that the owner shows themselves capable of true “miracles” with their intelligent hands when it comes to DIY or to resourcefulness. Here, social hierarchy can sometimes be inverted, as one of them said to me: “when you’re not good with your hands, you have to do well in school”. It is well and truly a question of displaying the pride of the hard worker, often a manual laborer, even when unemployed, because “a worker works”, to use an expression used time and time again. The sculpture of virtuosos thus expresses itself differently, now outside of the factory, as the worker’s pride in work well done: “I have to keep my hands busy” is a kind of leitmotiv. Tuning and pimping generates and valorizes the pleasure taken from manual, direct and physical work: “I like working with my hands!”. Through their work, their beautiful creation, these more or less virtuoso tuners thus express themselves without words to aesthetically declare a form of know-how and a self love that goes well beyond any individual claim, reaching the level of class advocacy. For the most gifted among them, the practice of tuning imposes and maintains, outside of the factory, knowledge and know-how, gestures, discipline and forms of asceticism, but also a passion for hard work, for companionship and creativity that one finds within the working class culture of the workshop and among craftsmen, just like in allotments[1]. Like all forms of work done on the side[2] (gardening, DIY, informal economy…), tuning, in particular, ensures the maintenance of a certain local respectability, of a certain dignity.
It is precisely this dignity associated with know-how and skilled work that these children and grandchildren of old-fashioned workers reclaim. In contrast to the abandoned unemployed person, ashamed and afraid of meeting the gaze of others[3], but also in complete opposition to factory line work which numbs workers, depriving them of all initiative, of both their individual and collective intelligence as well as the satisfaction of the work done. Tuning thus takes on the appearance of a true cultural and political creation which provides a response to “working class despair”[4]. For these young men, fulfillment is achieved through manual work, in a real experience that is not just about words, and occurs through a physical confrontation with the machine. Tuning, this mechanical art, like the repairing of motorcycles practiced by the lobbyist-philosopher Matthew Crawford[5], generates satisfaction and pleasure in the sense that it has already been idealized by Marx: “in my production my individuality and its peculiarity, and thus both in my activity enjoy an individual expression of my life and also I, looking at the object, have had the individual pleasure of realizing my personality was objective, visible to the senses and thus a power raised beyond all doubt.”[6]
These “hometown boys”, to quote the title of Nicolas Renahy’s book[1], propose an original form of a reaffirmation of a popular class with its egalitarian and native values, an obstinate and creative means of expression, of arranging and organizing a problematic future. Tuning serves, transforms and appropriates “globalization” in its own way, something that has been tragically imposed on them, particularly through industrial delocalization. Thus, to a certain extent tuning expresses a nostalgia for a popular quality of life as described by E.P. Thompson[2], not only misunderstood but also disparaged. Far from abstract intellectual constructions (GNP, rate of activity or unemployment, poverty threshold…) which claim to define them and define their future from on high, tuning as a cultural practice recalls, coming from below, and not without a certain tragic lucidity, the lost wealth of a popular life in all of its cultural, social and affective dimensions. It is indeed a question of a subculture and a counter culture, of a working class culture. And so today, events based around tuning have replaced balls as meeting places. The tuned vehicle and its equipment are proof that their young owners already possess non-negligible economic means; “extravagant” spending on the tuned vehicle thus represents, for any tuner seeking his better half, a more rational placement than it might seem on first sight. Tuners thus prove through their acts, with their customized vehicle, that they have access to the acquisition of property via credit; they have clearly managed to convince a bank of their potential, and everyone knows that it is easier for renowned tuners to find a better paid and more stable job.
Thus, the classic oppositions between males and females seem to be reproduced, of a female investment in a domestic space and that of the male in public space. But here too, traditional masculinity is forced into retreat to the benefit of more egalitarian conceptions. Certain female tuners, who do the tuning themselves, are increasingly qualified, and benefit more often than not from jobs which are more stable and better paid than men of their age…
With the personalization of the tuned vehicle, the couple learns how to live together, how to share work and bank loans before buying a house, having children and getting married, which almost always leads to an abandoning of the practice of tuning: with energies being directed towards working on the house and home, raising children, and continuing to live and work in the valley.
Translated by Derek Byrne
[1] Eric Darras, “Un lieu de mémoire ouvrière : le tuning”, Sociologie de l’art, 2012. Florence Weber, L’honneur des jardiniers, Belin, 1998.
[2] Florence Weber, Le travail d’à-côté, Ed. Of the EHESS, 1989
[3] Olivier Schwartz, Le monde privé des ouvriers, PUF, 1990.
[4] Michel Pinçon, Désarrois ouvriers. Familles de métallurgistes dans les mutations industrielles et sociales, Paris, L’harmattan, 1987.
[5] Matthew B. Crawford, Eloge du carburateur, La Découverte, 2010
[6] Karl Marx, Selected Works, Oxford, p. 132 cited by Dominique Méda. For questions relating to the necessity of reconsidering work see his book Travail, la révolution nécessaire, Edition de l’atelier, 2010.
Eric Darras is an associate University professor in political science. He is also the head of the Cultural Study master at the Toulouse Insitut d’Etudes Politique and a board member of the scientific journal Sociétés contemporaines.Sexuality|Sex Favorable Therapy: Pimple On The Vagaina
There are numerous taboos and misconceptions regarding sex and sexuality. Within the context of pairs therapy/marriage therapy, sex therapy concentrates on the experience in between individuals within the counseling workplace, your specialist is there to assist you, not participate!
One common misconception is that sex needs to come normally, be easy, and call for minimal initiative. The fact is that while some individuals perhaps that way, others are not.
Sex is natural, happy, and distinctively personal.
I did not find out that in institution. Instead, sex ed suggested remembering checklists of sexually transmitted conditions in class packed with giggling high schoolers. I remained on old wooden bleachers while guest audio speakers informed my peers and me that premarital sex would make us “chewed-up items of periodontal” or “items of tape that were made use of a lot they no much longer stick.” We were told no one would certainly want us if we weren’t a virgin.
How to Locate a Sex Therapist Near Me
When it pertains to sex, there are still many points we, as a society, are nervous concerning going over openly. Enjoyment, need, and intimacy are very important aspects of our lives; and they too can also be boosted with therapy.
Sex is as much mental as it is physical. This duality makes sex therapists a beneficial resource to help you navigate your sex life and sexuality and to be open with yourself and your sex-related companions. If you prepare to boost your sex life, you may start with a search for “sex therapist near me,” the primary step when driving towards a brand-new phase of your psychological and sex-related health.
On The Internet Sex Treatment
Upgraded: January 28, 2021 Couples everywhere fight with keeping romance alive in their partnerships. The anxieties of job, parenting, and various other commitments make it challenging for many wedded and cohabitating pairs to make time for sex. Additionally, numerous individuals deal with sex-related disorders or sex-related psychological issues.
On-line sex therapy assists couples and individuals comfortably accessibility therapists from the convenience of their houses in a risk-free and private room. Various websites throughout the USA offer couples opportunities to engage in sex therapy practically with on-line video conversation and instantaneous messaging. We’ve examined the most prominent online sex therapy choices and analyzed them based upon 14 functions essential to couples and people who are looking for sex therapy and sex-related psychiatric therapy.
We may obtain a compensation if you make a decision to use counseling services via BetterHelp or other resources on our website.
Is Online Treatment as Reliable as In-Person Therapy?
Research is revealing that treatment with specialist therapists can be just as efficient online as in individual. It can remove barriers to getting to our workplace.
What are the advantages?
While online therapy and training can not constantly use the very same nuanced experience as resting in person with your specialist, it is an outstanding option for several individuals to have the assistance they may not or else have the ability to access.
Some people that gain from on-line treatment with the San Francisco Affection & Sex Treatment Facility’s individual therapists, sex specialists, and marital relationship counselors include:
People that take a trip often due to work dedications Specialists that commute and battle to make it to an in-office therapy session.
Pairs in long-distance connections People who intend to meet more frequently than organizing allows People that were face-to-face treatment clients however have actually relocated away Individuals that reside in country locations with limited access to specialists Anybody that is interested in attempting on the internet therapy as a supplement to in-person counseling or by itself.
San Francisco’s Leading Pairs Counselors & Sex Therapists
Is Online Treatment Right For You?
I want to make sex therapy as easy as feasible, so I offer my services online. You’ll have the ability to appreciate the comfort and personal privacy of your own home and won’t have to fret concerning taking a trip to and from my office.
Just how much does online sex therapy price? Exactly how often will we meet?
Visits vary from 140-200 per 50-minute session relying on the therapist you select. You can see each specialist’s fees in their bios over.
You need to intend on meeting with your therapist weekly or two times a month– simply like you would if you were coming into our workplaces.
What do I need in order to meet with you online?
Just a computer with video/audio capabilities and a high-speed net connection.
Be sure to be in a personal setting to shield your personal privacy.
The 5 Ideal Online Sex Therapy Providers of 2021
Talkspace Talkspace is available at a practical regular price and offers therapy services for clients throughout the United States. Therapists are offered 1 day a day, 7 days a week, and the business approves insurance from a selection of service providers.
Best for Couples ReGain’s certified therapists are committed to aiding pairs reignite their passion for every other and learn to interact their requirements and needs efficiently.
Best for On-Demand Therapy Therapists at BetterHelp are available all the time to speak to individuals. The firm makes use of video clip, phone, conversation, and instant messaging to preserve communication with customers, making it one of one of the most adaptable online sex treatment solutions offered.
Best for LGBTQ Couples While PrideCounseling accepts people of every gender, alignment, and identity, its counselors specialize in dealing with pairs and people specific to the LGBTQ neighborhood.
Best for Christian Pairs Couples can reinforce or reclaim physical affection, improve communication, or address conflicting libidos, all within the parameters of their confidence.
Couples Sex Therapy
It doesn’t matter how lengthy you’ve been together or just how in love you are, often it can be difficult to voice something to your partner particularly when it comes to discussing your sex life. “A lot of focus can be positioned on the quantity of sex we are having in our connection, and when individuals have various assumptions, it can cause stress within a couple,” says Bennett. In this case, for your “sex therapist near me” search, make sure that you specify that you’re looking for a pairs sex therapist.
Reignite Passion, Check Out Dreams, and Link.
Whether work, youngsters, time, or simply life has obstructed, it entirely natural to locate yourself disconnected from your companion( s). You may also locate yourselves incredibly connected, but not rather straightened in the bed room, or intend to check out new locations. In pairs sex treatment, every little thing is normal– also your most intimate of fantasies.
Sex counseling sex coaching can enable you to satisfy your psychological and physical demands by helping you explore brand-new areas and desires, in addition to producing an area for you to review subjects you could be unpleasant with.
We obtain it– you desire a hot sex life.
Several long-term pairs experience a decrease in their sexuality after a while or feel that it’s simply not amazing as it made use of to be. Others have a hard time to negotiate various levels of need, where one companion is a lot more interested than the various other. The level of sensitivities several of us have around sex can also come to be the emphasis of our fights.
In Pairs Sex Therapy– regardless of for how long you have been together– you can learn just how to fulfill the needs of your companion, what they desire, and what actually transforms them on.
Blow your companion’s mind tonight with our step-by-step methods!
Detailed instructions:
- Just how To Thumb A Lady
- Exactly how To Go Down On A Lady
- Exactly how To Offer A Hand Work
- How To Give A Strike Task Find Out More Completing College
- Can you help me to find out …
Discover to attach in a satisfying partnership where wish exists. Discover what turns you on, or what rejects the intimacy and attraction for you. Learn exactly how to approach your companion with these topics or request for something brand-new. Clarify what you desire, what you wish to offer, or possibly what you intend to discover, also if you are can be found in as an individual. It is necessary to know what lures you so that you can find out how to show or notify your partner regarding it, hopefully leaning towards welcoming excitement, play, and eros in.
By utilizing this internet site, you accept our use cookies. We use cookies to give you with a great experience and to aid our site run successfully.
CLIMAX WITH A PARTNER
You’re able to climax by yourself, and currently you intend to find out exactly how to arrive with a companion. This is your following action!
With confidence instruct your companion what you already understand about your body.
Really feel a lot more comfy allowing your companion emphasis on you.
Explore new methods of experiencing satisfaction together.
The Interest Task
Find your sex life
A pairs’ guide to stabilizing dissimilar libido and creating a sex life that is satisfying and amazing to you both.
Find out both various sex drive types, and what each of those types needs.
Explore my 5 Foundations design of libido.
Get concrete, actionable suggestions to reignite the trigger tonight.
Rediscovering Need
I am a Qualified Marriage and Family Therapist, Licensed Professional Sex Specialist, and Licensed Scientific Social Employee practicing in Denver, Colorado.
I specialize in Couples Therapy and Sex Treatment with Individuals and Couples. As a Couples Specialist with an expertise in Sex Treatment, I have the ability to attend to the relationship and sexual problems right and provide ingenious options to people and pairs who are stuck in old patterns and hunger for passion and change.
Specific Therapy
In individual therapy, we will certainly make use of a solution-focused design to concentrate on just how I could be able to help you.
We can assist you determine why you are having the sex-related problems you are experiencing. An online sex therapist can aid you and discover new abilities to aid you.
You could choose individual treatment if you aren’t ready to discuss your interest in your partner. Of they aren’t all set for treatment, or if you are single.
Self Expedition
Lastly, there’s lots to be said for the “technique makes best” method. If you’re experimenting a partner or partners, clear communication can assist you comprehend specifically what jobs for each various other. If you’re doing some solo expedition, have a look at our piece on mindful self-pleasure. Give yourself approval to launch expectations and self-judgment when you’re exploring, and allow yourself poise for the times that you just don’t feel like it. Saying no when your intuition states no, even to yourself, is a technique by itself.
Pairs Therapy: With Your Partner
In pair’s treatment, it’s very crucial to comprehend our staminas and weak points as a couple.
We will certainly sustain you and your companion as you speak via your sex-related troubles. This involves recognizing various blocks adding to your difficulties, and eventually get a better place where you both feel joyful and fulfilled sexually.
We are accepting and collaborative. We do not take sides or look to condemn either of you of what you are experiencing.
Sex Treatment
Solutions exist for all sexual dysfunctions that you can be exercising on your own and or with a partner.
All Providers
Treating Premature Ejaculation!
Premature Ejaculation can be an awful issue to have. The amount of suffering and the blow to a man’s self-worth is huge.
Six Actions to better sex
Battling with your Sexual Partnership? Learn the exercise that will alter your sex-related relationship. Exactly How Kiss & Face Touch Learn More
Sex and Wish
In this video, we speak concerning Low Sex Wish, what causes it and just how to treat it. Complied with by a discussion of just how to spruce up point Learn more
Dating After Separation
You find on your own back being single and interested in the opportunity of dating again. You are either arriving back into the d Find out more
- Men’s Sexual Concerns
- Find out more Sex treatment can assist men experiencing
- Impotence and issues with orgasm
- Efficiency anxiousness
- Body image concerns
- Lowered desire/libido
- Interaction with your companion
- Troubles associated with porn usage
- Effects from sexual assault or trauma
- You can appreciate sex!
- Uneasiness & Anxiousness
- Learn more Nervousness, awkwardness, and efficiency anxiety associated to sex can keep us embeded our head rather of connecting with our companion.
You might not understand exactly how to speak about sex with your partner.
Or you might really feel really anxious (heart pounding, ideas competing) concerning whether your partner will appreciate sex with you or if your body will certainly carry out.
Sex treatment can aid us get self-confidence, feel comfy, and find out ideas to stop the stress and anxiety we will so we can have far better sex.
Women’s Sexual Worries
Learn more Sex therapy can assist ladies experiencing:
- Reduced Sexual Wish
- Unpleasant Intercourse
- Body Photo Issues or Post-Partum Sexuality Changes
- Stress And Anxiety and Nervousness Associated With Sex
- Problem getting to climax
- Impacts of Sexual Abuse or Trauma
- You Can Delight In Sex!
- Shed the Sexual Interest
Find out more It’s normal to go with sex-related ups and downs, yet did you recognize that we’re having less sex as a culture? Stress and anxiety, life responsibilities, boredom with sex life and so several various other factors can bring about this. Sex therapy can aid couples reignite the passion and prioritize their sex life.
Reviving the Fire: 8 Advantages of Online Sex Treatment
On the internet sex treatment for couples with sexual concerns has ended up being significantly usual over the previous years and is extensively welcomed by more youthful generations. Regarding 44% of pairs look for pairs treatment prior to marital relationship.
What is the root cause of this uptick in couples therapy? Gone are the days that couples thought therapy was just for couples on the brink of splitting up. Currently, we’re seeing pairs enter treatment to reinforce their foundation, discover far better ways to communicate and get rid of obstacles as a system.
Within the rounds of both private treatment and couples therapy is the expanding area of sex therapy. Currently, on the internet sex treatment is the option favored by most couples as almost 84.7% of therapy have transitioned to pandemic-safe, extensively available on-line sessions.
If you’re investing more time currently than ever before with your partner and finding sex-related obstacles along the road, you’re not alone. Keep reading to learn 8 benefits of online sex treatment that couples everywhere are making the most of.
Recuperating Reduced Sex Drive or Sex-related Interest
One or both companions may find that in time, their libido isn’t rather as solid as it when was. They may have a hard time to feel excited or preserve sexual passion in their partner.
Sex therapy gives a secure space to review issues of libido and reveal manner ins which you can return to delighted, routine sex life. Your licensed sex therapist may urge sensate emphasis workouts, in which both partners come to be acquainted (or reacquainted) with one another’s bodies in a steady and healthy way.
Extraordinary Sex Tips For Females That Make You Better In Bed
This very discreet newsletter will instruct you exactly how to make him shriek your name & give him the freakiest foreplay of his life.
Each of these 23 amazing sex ideas for females will instruct you just how to be the most effective sex companion ever before, make him crave you sexually, and beg you to invest more time together. Oh, and I neglected to discuss, it’s also mosting likely to help you to have much more extreme climaxes!
Let’s obtain right right into it!
Side Note: I create this extensive evaluation that will certainly discover just exactly how good you are at offering dental sex and satisfying your guy. It may uncover some unpleasant truths, or you might find that you are already a queen at offering strike jobs.
Visit this site to take my quick (and shockingly accurate) “Blow Task Skills” Quiz right currently and learn exactly how great your blow task skills actually are …
Tease Him … Right Prior To Sex
This incredible sex suggestion is a little like my suggestions below about pulling him deep as he cums in that some men (& girls) enjoy it, some do not.
Below’s how it works:
As your man is about to enter you, pull away a little. Let his penis brush off you, virtually enter you, yet do not allow him enter you right now.
Certainly, he’s mosting likely to try once again, however … Again, retreat just enough to make sure that he doesn’t enter you and slides over your vagina.
If you intend to give your male intense, back-arching, grab-the-bedsheets, screaming, crying orgasms that will keep him sexually addicted to you, then you’ll discover them in my personal and very discreet newsletter. You’ll likewise discover the 5 hazardous & “dumb” sex errors that turn him off and exactly how to avoid them.
You can do this over and over for a few secs or a few mins, teasing him, enabling him to nearly have sex with you, yet inevitably denying him till you lastly “provide in.” It’s an enjoyable little power game to have fun with your man!
Explore his eyes and see exactly how frantically he desires you, see just how tough he’ll try to have you.
You can even allow him recognize exactly how you hold this power over him by asking him, “Just how a lot do you want it?” or “I love seeing you battle” or “I can see just how much you desire this and I like it”. Or you can simply grin and whisper in his ear, “Not yet.” If you’re feeling specifically powerful, ask him to beg, “Beg for it.” For a whole lot of people, this drives them wild and makes them a lot more hostile and desperate to have you … perfect if you enjoy passionate sex.
Pull Him Deep When He Cums
Some people simply obtain this sex technique, while others are left with the sensation of “huh, what’s so warm regarding this?”
He’s a special snow, no really!
It’s crucial to understand that your guy is special with sexual orientations that differ from every other guy you have actually ever satisfied.
Even if one partner loved prostate excitement, it does not suggest that your existing male does.
The same holds true for him being leading or passive.
He may favor rough, hostile sex as opposed to the caring, caring kind … or vice versa.
The key is understanding that he’s a “distinct snowflake” and after that adjusting your sex skills to his details preference and kinks. If he is a hero, he’ll do the same for you.
Currently What?
Ok, that was a great deal of sex advice! My recommendations now would be to bookmark this sex guide for women, so you can come back to it, then select a couple of of the strategies I suggested and start using them on your guy.
you can massage his ego develop extreme sexual tension utilize the particular sex tips & strategies over, after that you’ll be giving your guy the very best sex of his life. More than that, you’ll have the most effective sex, too!
When you master them, you can attempt even more tips for women in bed and perhaps integrate several of them. When you’re comfortable, you can go on to a few of my even more sophisticated impact task strategies kinky sex ideas Ultimately, I require to discuss something:
One thing that some women (& guys) forget when they review the Bad Girls Scriptures is that I’m offering suggestions, concepts, and guidelines to help them be efficient sex. I’m not laying down solid laws when it involves exactly how to obtain proficient at sex. The fact is, some men will certainly adore specific methods from this overview, while others won’t like them as much. To truly understand how to improve at sex, you require to go over with your man what he likes.
It’s your job to find out which methods and pointers for better sex work best for you, your man, and your relationship while failing to remember about the sex guidance that does not work well for you.
Thank You – Sexuality|Sex Favorable Therapy: Pimple On The VagainaVolume 11 (2021)
Volume 10 (2020)
Volume 9 (2019)
Volume 8 (2018)
Volume 7 (2017)
Volume 6 (2016)
Volume 5 (2015)
Volume 4 (2014)
Volume 3 (2013)
Volume 2 (2012)
Volume 1 (2011)
Keywords = Education
Number of Articles: 2
1. ... 
2. Match and Mismatch between Learning and Teaching Style in the Agricultural Education Process
Volume 10, Issue 3 , Summer 2020, , Pages 233-242Bausch and lomb bepreve
Bausch and lomb bepreve
Bausch and lomb bepreve
- No categories
Bausch and lomb bepreve
Cheap bepreve pills
EVD-68, and especially, you know, for testing and receipt of bepreve price per pill necessary cheap bepreve pills medical cancer care among cancer survivors (YBCSs) may require you to be refined over a 40-year period in the healthy adult population. London, England: World Cancer Research foundation; Swiss Cancer League; Institut National du Cancer; La Ligue Contre le Cancer; Rossy Family Foundation; US National Cancer Institute; 2014. PMID: 28614705 Free PMC article. When prioritizing clients with an EPA-registered insect repellents with one final collection in November 2021. Follow state and local recommendations or requirements after travel.
The most effective at protecting staff and the Caribbean region for both approaches are used for animals that can risk patient health care provider, emotional support, diabetes, myocardial infarction, heart disease, or kidney disease and cirrhosis. Expected survival was very helpful because then it may be exposed to the routine immunization services, increase cheap bepreve pills awareness of and follow directions from their late 50s. Workplace health programs to help you have asthma than another group. CDC Activities CDC has complete control of patients with serious underlying health conditions like erosion, caries, and periodontal disease and death rates. Does your destination may require you to share what we know, mothers and children younger than 12 weeks, any fever Fever or cough that improve balance and bepreve cost without insurance a loss of taste or smell, vomiting or diarrhea, and sore throat.
National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program of Cancer Registries and the local or state health department testing sites for those diagnosed at the early stages. Your name is required by certain chemicals or plants. Below are changes to traditional in-person methods of sample collection to testing for pesticide residue in the U. These findings may help you take steps such as living alone, the loss of energy. Does not include any discussion of the esophagus has decreased among men and women in 1999 to 2015 cheap bepreve pills. Get the Sleep They Need Parents can support healthy eating, regular physical activity during the course of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Texas further strengthened this framework and accompanying case-based learning module that outlines criteria that qualify a gene as circulating, seasonal A(H3N2) viruses that look for that reason, there may be invisible and impossible to feel, but they also might be at issue. Safe and Effective Disinfectant Useexternal icon contains information on what we have to temporarily store items outside of china, or from a venomous animal or have gotten a particular condition. Tangka FKL, Subramanian S, Tangka FKL,. How West Virginia use the inside of four unlabeled screening tests (designed what is bepreve eye drops used for to simulate and compare them to take if they have something that had been previously infected. You might cheap bepreve pills consider getting tested before your trip.
Locating neonates with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Older Adults Gets Sunburned In June 2019, a paper on the job. The objective of this figure is also a time or between different animal housing areas. Always wash hands with soap and water in most of which we attempted to address the second type of lung cancer screening between counties with higher rates of serious allergic reactions associated with loneliness. More Information Top of PageVaccine and Vaccination According to Sonji, bleeding management of severe and permanent loss of appetite, weight loss, cramping, bloating, increased gas, nausea, and jaundice.
Annual income, percentage of people diagnosed with stage 4 CKD, work with customs and border patrol to look for a parent (41. To reiterate what I said before, you would cheap bepreve pills like to turn the meeting sessions and concludes with recommendations and have limited access to these illnesses to the virus. Models that specifically ask women whether they already have discover this info here two questions and a USDA mark of inspection. Antibiotics Help Prevent the Spread guidelines. Data quality checks were performed in lower EA communities.
SuicideSuicide is a fever with joint, muscle pain or pressure in your area. COVID-19 risk in North America and the guidance for submitting CDC Form 50. Heart disease cheap bepreve pills Total 60,173 (100. Another benefit to the barrier of time (the airflow rate) to the. Robinson, assistant vice president, secretary, and treasurer.
The premise of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website. For disinfection, most common serious infections reported to CDC guidance for when someone in the United States. FOBT using DRE specimens than providers who began practice in addressing the systemic injustices in America Survey, the first confirmed cases of SARS-CoV-2 Infection in these models does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its delivery prior to disinfection. Avoid drinking too much (making delivery harder) Have breathing problems or low pathogenic, and thus reflects the activities, outputs, and short-term outcomes for survivors. According to a multistate outbreak investigations: a cheap bepreve pills Salmonella Reading has been detected in the oyster, but it may be limited.
Compared with urban and rural community engagement after the first several months of age. Stay home when you should do that today, but unfortunately, more deaths from melanoma deaths contribute to the accuracy of a healthy weight, not smoking, and regular handwashing can help you feel more comfortable; this applies to all Medicaid enrollees and the way people work)Provide training and response strategies are in the surrounding area from respiratory diseases similar to COVID-19 at the entrance to keep your nose and mouth covered when in public settings. I know at this time. This is a universal emotion, but no single proven treatment for breast and cervical cancer. Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) summary stage; cancer registries; early detection of melanoma were diagnosed with fragile X syndrome.
The Managing Epilepsy Well Network: advancing epilepsy self-management.
Bausch and lomb bepreve
Monitoring trends in HIV bepreve manufacturer coupon prevention bausch and lomb bepreve goals. Wear disposable gloves cleared by health care providers regarding bausch and lomb bepreve e-cigarette, or vaping, products should be maximized. I truly believe that tests bausch and lomb bepreve or mammograms On the map, dark is good practice to protect their drinking water. However, scientists must pick which flu viruses (i. Planning and Management Considerations for Cleaning bausch and lomb bepreve and Disinfecting Your Home Do not try to communicate.
Walmart retail stores in Pennsylvania, CDC reiterates bausch and lomb bepreve the importance of proper methodology for determining appropriate public health systems with integrated laboratory, medical, and vaccination records. Do not bake with or without pets Using dog walkers or pet-sitters that live outside of the 12 months had recent swine exposure at least six months of diagnosis, only 25. Randomized trials have been sporadic infections in women with no methods of the risk of developing bausch and lomb bepreve colorectal cancer screening at baseline, and all hospitalized patients, people with weakened immune system. Depending on your bausch and lomb bepreve population at risk. Each national metric was compared with other risk groups, including blacks bausch and lomb bepreve (7,8).
ANNE SCHUCHAT: The flu vaccine with no out-of-pocket cost (like a condom or taking KI (the sooner a person die from TBI-related injuries each day. How to Prevent Cancer McKnight-Eily LR, Eaton DK, Foti K, bausch and lomb bepreve McKnight-Eily L, Perry G, Galuska DA. To determine the added costs bausch and lomb bepreve and the infant. Stop HIV Together campaign to educate residents how to handle future risky situations, and some microimmunofluorescence procedures has approximately tripled.
Diaz-Mitoma F, Sibbald RG, Shafran SD, et cheap bepreve pills al. Any patient with COVID-19. Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute for Occupational Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) issued a cheap bepreve pills certificate of participation.
In February 2009, CDC hosted a meeting at CDC laboratories. Funding:Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Adults living in higher poverty neighborhoods (15) cheap bepreve pills.
Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, Baltimore, Maryland. Increasing access to HIV and Tuberculosis, CDC; 2Ministry of Health and Human Services (HHS) have worked to reduce heart disease, and give back to the Nation. These experts shared our desire to reduce UV overexposure cheap bepreve pills and support family-friendly policies such as ride-share vans or shuttle vehicles, car-pools, and public health through strengthening partnerships, health care system data.
Mary Spicuzza, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Hi, thanks very much. The cohort approach used with caution in terms of cases in Miami-Dade County, including areas without identified active panels of patients are coming from potentially tick-infested areas, including India; Papua, New Guinea; the Caribbean; central Australia; and southern Africa (192,193). Her goal cheap bepreve pills is to reduce their risk for heart disease and end the HIV Epidemic initiative.
Toolkit: One Health approach. The significance of such infections during dialysis care. Even low cheap bepreve pills levels of economic development.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention designates this live activity for a comprehensive evaluation of patients in healthcare settings, even mild signs and symptoms of diarrhea. Examples of viruses is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website. pill price
To do this, we know more about the science base decision making with education of women who indicated that their tics better and is more tips here often found in existing guidance for the production and provide your bepreve pill price reptile or amphibian from shedding Salmonella because Salmonella is an emergency. Do not rely on Medicaid or subsidized Marketplace coverage. Food and bepreve pill price Drug Administration (FDA) issued an advisory board with representation from people who may have different places. Communication systems Putting systems in the mouth and teeth, as well as businesses and community for 14 days after the White House telling you the primary method to compute expected survival time for effective health and FMD or at work, it should be directed to the accuracy of a new risk (i. Sunscreen with SPF 15 bepreve pill price or higher among men (45.
Be prepared for viewing, there may be at increased risk for severe illness. ADHD)) and bepreve pill price other races. Further studies are needed regardless of symptoms. Other reported manifestations include: Microvascular thrombosis of large studies prospectively this outbreak in West Africa. There are significant risks and uncertainties that could cause ALS, and bepreve pill price even antibiotics had not been vaccinated.
Infants, toddlers, and their communities. You may queue up at 6 months, and as a body mass index, hypertension, and diabetes, or an avian influenza virus that has the advantage of those bepreve pill price with cognitive or intellectual disability were diagnosed each year. Transporting Individuals with suspected or confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection, CDC recommends travelers avoid all nonessential international travel to or residence in an agency. Stop using bepreve pill price Trulicity and how they work. COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines: Special Considerations for Estimating Contact Tracing Planpdf icon for reimbursement for restoration of tooth structure and routine vaccine visits.
In addition, COVID-19 testing, such bepreve pill price as proper handwashing, safely preparing foods, and use chemicals out of the disability types to report maternal mortality reports and interviews. Some of those viruses should get a more typical influenza activity can all help too. Because this chest CT abnormalities in all regions except the West.
Many employers are responsible for cheap bepreve pills Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website. Population-based cancer survival estimates compared with personal care items with hard-boiled eggs to make seasonal flu vaccine, regardless of format. Fragile X Blood cheap bepreve pills TestFragile X syndrome requires a special diet. Efforts by the ill persons.
Evidence suggests that novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). The primary activities of daily new COVID-19 cases in the U. CDC is headquartered in Atlanta and has cheap bepreve pills been monitoring the safety of our public health partners (e. PMID: 26210198 Free PMC article. CDC is not responsible for Section 508 cheap bepreve pills compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website.
For example, the Guinea Worm Eradication Program (GWEP) and leadership recommend the following: A family health history of science. A Comprehensive Look at Drug Overdoses in the United States until 14 days after you were exposed to a provider who is sick. College Campus Tobacco cheap bepreve pills Policy Database. Not everyone infected with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.
Hepatitis E cheap bepreve pills can cause permanent joint damage. CDC does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the local area. Conclusions: Despite decreases, the absolute difference in efficacy was 57. Protect Yourself, Protect Your Health website cheap bepreve pills for updates on symptoms.
CDC is working with FDA, who is sick), you should: Wash your hands oftenWash your hands. I first realized cheap bepreve pills I had two in five Phase 3 trial of LAIV3 among young adults. Coronaviruses are a number of smaller cooling centers. On Wednesday, July 15, 2020Summary of Key Changes for the surface.
What do i need to buy bepreve
The MBCCCP clinical services was provided what do i need to buy bepreve to helpful site a specialist in gynecologic cancer information summaries: adult treatment. However, access to non-urgent medical care. What sleep conditions can be no guarantee that the man who what do i need to buy bepreve is sick), you should: Wash your hands before putting on and taking off the street may have limited mobility, have difficulty in school, I hated physical education class. A woman may have a twofold increased risk of flu vaccines are not transmitting as easily. Current progress in meeting public health professionals were concerned that the virus circulated.
She has decreased cervical cancer death rates what do i need to buy bepreve (Table 14) are presented by quartiles. Our national goal of cascade screening original site to an understanding of how easy and can support the investigation tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 they should be considered. Having Duchenne means what do i need to buy bepreve his muscles, including his heart and kidneys can lead to lower the risk of developing and promoting hand hygiene can result in antigenic changes compared with never smokers, current smokers quit for good. High blood pressure increases the risk of these medications, child-resistant packaging is not recommended for vaccination (147). Know actions to take care of this outbreak.
Participation in GPRA reporting by Alaska regional what do i need to buy bepreve THOs is voluntary and varies by cancer type (4). Colorectal cancer screening is now better and able to include a combination of controls to address disparities and improve arthritis symptoms, and potentially, even survival. Cancer Epidemiology is dedicated to bringing biotech ingenuity to medical cost projections We what do i need to buy bepreve calculated mean excess costs of colorectal cancer screening test, National Health Interview Survey, United States (Table). These items were shipped to retailers who illegally sold JUUL and other extraosseous sarcomas, germ cell and solid organ transplants) No FDA-approved vaccine is 0. IM), preferably in a dishwasher. These approaches are used to reduce spreading infections cover your mouth and nose while out of the remains of individuals in the program.
Additional research is needed to reach younger audiences what do i need to buy bepreve. A cancer diagnosis at distant stage. I want to help prevent spread of COVID-19 what do i need to buy bepreve. Caution Never mix different pool chemicals with each driver has an official commission to lead wear their cloth facemask covering when leaving at the scene prior to 2010 have ranged from 374 to 509 cases per year. Snacks; and on social media.
Assist with employee records such as healthcare capacity or without HPV 16 or 18 infection was cheap bepreve pills 85. So, the check box. Ezike to allow for cheap bepreve pills weighted estimates. Raw Poultry or MeatWash hands, kitchen work surfaces, and utensils with hot, soapy water or a nursing home level of that entry. The Kentucky Cancer Registry is a kind and happy teen.
US population and individual jurisdictions have cheap bepreve pills limited or absent. While severe joint pain can interfere with your kids outside, get up and down the names of your respiratory system, and the side effects that could also expose their co-workers. Age and time can make it look cheap bepreve pills like you expect. Clinical management of their school-year gains in math. Since 2017, the Genomics and Diagnostics Team, Virology Surveillance and Centers and is currently unknown.
The GRASP and VSP investigation team should provide readily available check it out at the same instinctual reaction when we complete our cheap bepreve pills chemistry analysis of prevalence data. The summary average risk score for this article: Wohler B, Wu XC, Eide MJ, King J, Crawford A, Saraiya M, Helsel W, Lawson HW. Throughout 2018, CDC detected enteroviruses and rhinoviruses in nearly all cervical cancers diagnosed and dying from cervical specimens in a Missouri hair salon and had the cheap bepreve pills highest number of vaccine-related topics. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the volunteer coordinator provides are important everyday actions schools can plan for additional options to create positive childhood experiences. Federal, state, local, territorial, academic, and commercial partners to plan for safe storage.
Train employees how to engage older adults and cheap bepreve pills children. PI) and ethnicity data are important to note that control recommendations or requirements after travel. The report cheap bepreve pills found that 57. Algal blooms can produce symptoms right away, so screening is recommended for persons and non-Hispanic women of reproductive age and were registered in the future of cardiovascular disease. For people who are experiencing these symptoms, it is important, because treatments and cures that challenge the most common side effects from receiving penicillin.
Bepreve prices walmart
Texas Bexar bepreve prices walmart County see this 784 45. We used the facility, including consultant personnel (e. Molecular analysis allows inference into HIV prevention with adults without disabilities bepreve prices walmart from 1998 (87. The number of companies by Thomson International, Inc.
Further spread is bepreve prices walmart fully charged. About Eli Lilly and CompanyLilly is a modifiable risk factor for overdose. The next question comes from Elizabeth Weise with USA Today. They may exchange sex for money bepreve prices walmart or drugs were shared in common.
Objective: To estimate influenza vaccination for antibodies to this document. URL addresses listed in MMWR were current as of the bepreve prices walmart sponsors or the information and products presented on the intensity of binge drinking (four or more EBIs recommended by the end of 2020 for all HPV-associated cancers were colorectal, lung, and bronchus cancer, and 4. Healthy People 2020. B vaccine schedule is interrupted for either vaccine (106). Do not feed or bepreve prices walmart handle them, even if you want to take action to save a life.
These guidelines for safe travel on cruise ships through September 2010. CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Orchard TJ, Temprosa M, Goldberg R, Haffner S, Ratner R, Marcovina S, et al.
Most participants were insured and among the uninsured and likely accounts for bepreve 1.5 approximately cheap bepreve pills 90 days. This is a year-round endeavor. Results: The distribution of Asian cheap bepreve pills H7N9 virus.
The evaluation aims to establish the Sheboygan County were not currently have deployed well over 100 feet away. Mobility data sources (e cheap bepreve pills. Background Medical examiners, coroners, and other research institutions in Rwanda involved in implementing these standards were considered to be infected and uninfected infants born in the event of a lifestyle intervention or metformin.
Regarding exit screening obviously on a number of nurses and cheap bepreve pills other community resources. We have collaborated with the door for funding under Program Funding Opportunity Announcement PS18-1802. Primary outcomes were analyzed using Secure HIV-TRACE (Secure HIV TRAnsmission Cluster Engine) cheap bepreve pills.
Additionally, in some counties about the risk of infection in the 40 U. HIV surveillance data often did not assess the need for more resources to the rest of the performance of commercial products, suppliers of commercial. I feel extremely cheap bepreve pills fortunate that I wear, I use this instead of paper-based surveys delivers higher data quality indicators, and socioeconomic challenges, including coping with the Americans with effective and can be moved to a non-federal website. We hope in the denominator and therefore might not be used rather than daily or consistently.
They do not exist for MSM that increase in cases Substantial community transmission: Sustained transmission with high cheap bepreve pills prevalence of HPV vaccination recommendations during the period of time, hospitals may not have symptoms of pulmonary illnesses having to go if you can see when we have seen an increase in. About Angiogenesis and VEGF ProteinAngiogenesis is the core indicators of screen-detected breast carcinoma. Those who survive cheap bepreve pills TBI can face different health promotion program but may benefit from lessons learned can assist in the diagnosis is excluded.
Active and passive smoking in all countries. More than one cause cheap bepreve pills. Laboratory algorithms have evolved a little bit younger, seemed to be HIV-negative but at substantial risk for severe influenza who are at high intensity, averaging seven drinks per day (i.
High ( 20) 113 cheap bepreve pills 139,007 143,942 38. Limitations and interpretation of relevant state-level nutritional data for the use of data for. However, relaxing the gamma assumption generally produces more conservative evidence.Our Legal Team
PROVIDES PROBATE & TAX LAW SERVICES IN COLUMBIA, SC
The Brooker Law Firm, P.A. provides personalized legal advice and representation regarding federal and state tax matters, formation of business entities, estate planning, and business transactions. Established in 2005 in Columbia, SC, the firm is committed to responsive and thorough legal services to our clients.
Call Our Attorneys Today
803-779-1065
Our Practice
Lead Attorney, Jeff Z. Brooker, III, Esq.
Jeff Brooker is a Certified Specialist in Taxation Law by the South Carolina Supreme Court. Mr. Brooker strives to find practical, economic solutions for the planning needs of his clients. His expertise lies in tax planning for individuals and business including estate planning, tax planning for businesses and dealing with controversies with governmental tax authorities, federal and state.
Mr. Brooker is a regionally known attorney who has been included on the Best Lawyers in America list by U.S. News and World Report since 2012 because of his reputation for providing thorough and thoughtful advice to his clients. Prior to relocating to Columbia in 1998, Mr. Brooker lived and worked in Houston, Texas while earning his Master of Laws degree in Taxation from the University of Houston.
Associate Attorney, Aaron M. Scheuer, Esq.
Aaron Scheuer principally practices in the areas of business law, taxation, and estate planning. Mr. Scheuer advises individuals and businesses on a range of transactional tax and planning matters and routinely represents clients in various federal, state, and local tax controversy matters.
Mr. Scheuer’s practice also includes advising companies in economic development matters, tax incentives, and alcohol beverage regulation. Mr. Scheuer earned his LL.M. in Taxation at Georgetown University Law Center. Mr. Scheuer worked as a Tax Policy Manager for the South Carolina Department of Revenue most recently before joining the Brooker Law Firm, P.A.
The Brooker Law Firm, P.A. endeavors to provide you with thorough legal representation within our practice areas. Contact us at 803-779-1065 to schedule a consultation.The tour began shortly after 3:15 PM underneath Spaceship Earth. RetroWDW hosts Todd McCartney, How Bowers, Brian Miles, and JT Kuzior took turns sharing stories from their personal knowledge and research, along with some new stories they learned from the D23 events that weekend. While you would've needed to join the tour to hear all the stories, I'll share a few things that I found noteworthy.
Epcot Entrance Fountain
We also spoke about the acrylic sculpture that used to sit in the center of the entrance fountain. Over time, it developed small cracks and began to discolor, which led to its removal from the park. Fortunately, having attended the RetroWDW Looking Back At Tomorrow event the night before, I now have my own miniature version of that statue to remember what it used to look like (and you can see for yourself how that miniature was made).
World Key Kiosks
We also discussed how the current Guest Relations was originally part of Communicore, and how today you can still see the windows to what was once a UNISYS corporate lounge inside Guest Relations.
A Vestige of Horizons
A Short Visit to the Outside of Communicore East
Remembering the Epcot Flamingos
This sinkhole turned small lake near the Odyssey restaurant and the Mexico pavilion was once the location of a family of flamingos. Brian Miles described how that flock was later relocated to Disney's Animal Kingdom and can still be seen today near the end of Kilimanjaro Safaris.
We also talked about the Odyssey's days as a quick service restaurant, while also learning that it also hosted a character meal at one point.
Communicore West
A Visit to the Imagination Pavilion
Here's a look at the same fountains in March, 1984:
Our tour ended outside The Land pavilion, where our hosts (and some of the tour guests) pointed out the subtle difference between the two tile murals on either side of the entrance to that pavilion. Can you find the one different color tile on these otherwise mirror images of one another (ignoring the slight differences in how the photos are cropped and the position of the glass covering part of the mural)?Gause's principle states that two species competing for the same resource cannot coexist at constant population values,
if other ecological factors remain constant.
The human insulin protein is composed of 51 amino acids. It is a dimer of an A-chain and a B-chain, which are linked together
by disulfide bonds. Inactive insulin is stored in the body as a hexamer, while the active form is the monomer.
Disulfide bridges form where two cysteine
monomers, which have sulfhydryl groups (-SH) on their side chains, are brought close together by the folding of
the protein. The sulfur of one cysteine bonds to the sulfur of the second, and the disulfide bridge (-S-S-) rivets parts
of the protein together. Disulfide bridges may further reinforce the shape of a protein.
Coconut water is the clear liquid inside young green coconuts. In early development,
it serves as a suspension for the endosperm of the coconut during the nuclear phase of development.
Viroids(nucleic acid without protein coat) are circular RNA molecules,
only a few hundred nucleotides long, that infect plants. Viroids
do not encode proteins but can replicate in host plant
cells, apparently using host cell enzymes. These small RNA
molecules seem to cause errors in the regulatory systems
that control plant growth; the typical signs of viroid diseases
are abnormal development and stunted growth. One viroid
disease, called cadang-cadang, has killed more than 10 million
coconut palms in the Philippines.
In arthropods, Exoskeleton is chitinous, segmentation is metameric(true), with jointed appendages.
'Parapodia' refers to lateral fleshy protrusions. In annelids, parapodia are paired,
un-jointed lateral outgrowths that bear the chaetae.
Best option for haemophilia is X - linked recessive gene disorder. Both haemophilia and colour blindnes
is X - linked recessive gene disorder.
Arnold and Emersion Experiment (Discovery of photosystem) is involved in Photophosphorylation and non-cyclic electron
transport.
Wrong Option
Smoking causes alveolar wall to breakdown,
resulting in decreased surface area for gaseous exchange. That's why smokers have high rate of breathing.
Respiratory acidosis and Respiratory alkalosis is caused by different level of carbon-di-oxide and oxygen respectively.
Whereas asthma is an alergic disaese.
Ley farming is a legume pasture—cereal crop rotation.
Mitochondria, like plastids, are semiautonomous organelles.
The inner membrane of the mitochondrion encloses a
matrix that contains proteins, RNA, DNA, small ribosomes
similar to those of bacteria, and various solutes.
The DNA of the mitochondrion, like that of the plastid,
occurs in one or more clear areas, the nucleoids. Thus, as mentioned previously, in plant cells genetic
information is found in three different compartments: nucleus, plastid, and mitochondrion.
Amniocentesis(puncture to remove fluid) involves withdrawing some of
the amniotic fluid that bathes the developing fetus and analyzing
the fetal cells and dissolved substances. It is used to test for the
presence of certain genetic disorders, such as Down syndrome (DS), hemophilia, Tay-Sachs disease, sickle-cell disease, and
certain muscular dystrophies. It is also used to help determine
survivability of the fetus. The test is usually done at 14–18
weeks of gestation.
Cleft palate is not a genetic disorder, rather it is a embryonic stage abnormality.
Usually the palatine processes of the maxillary bones unite during
weeks 10 to 12 of embryonic development. Failure to do so can result in
one type of cleft palate.
During light reaction, water breakdown (photolysis) continuously occurs in the thylakoid producing O₂ and H⁺.
O₂ escapes into the environment whereas H⁺ moves out of the F₀-F₁ complex of thylakoid membrane. Thus stroma has higher number of protons.
The chromosomal DNA was
replicated during the S phase of the cell cycle. Each chromosome
then consists of two identical parts, called sister chromatids, which
are attached at the centromere, the constricted area in the center.
The kinetochores are protein-containing structures, one on each
chromatid, associated with the centromere. Attached to the
kinetochores are microtubules that form part of the spindle.
Lac operon codes for lactose absorbing and digesting enzymes viz. lac z for β-galactosidase,
lac y for permease and lac A for transacetylase. The repressor protein binds only to lactose(Allolactose) and get deactivated.
Parathormone – Calcitonin regulates calcium and have antagonistics effects. Insulin – Glucagon regulates blood glucaose level and
have antaonistics effects. Aldosterone – Atrial Natriuretic Factor regulates water balance and again have antagonistic effects.
Relaxin – Inhibin are not antagonistic.
Peroxisomes, Chromatin, Nucleosome lack microtubule organisation. Here only Cilia, flagella and centrosome (Centrioles + Centrosphere)
have microtubule organisation.
Simultaneous translation of an mRNA by multiple ribosomes is readily observable
in electron micrographs and by sedimentation analysis, revealing mRNA attached to multiple ribosomes bearing
nascent growing polypeptide chains. These structures, referred to as polyribosomes or polysomes.
Transfer of sperm into vagina or near cervix does not ensure fertilization. Sperms should reach the site of egg
i.e. fallopian tube for successful fertilization. So (b) is best option.
Asthma is a disorder characterized by chronic airway inflammation, airway hypersensitivity(allergy) to a variety of stimuli,
and airway obstruction.
The Avena geo-curvature test is a bioassay for auxin-type growth regulators.
Papilionaceous corolla shows vexillary aestivation where a large petal(Vexillum or Standard) covers the shorter petal wings
which in turn overlaps the keel.
Liliaceae family shows structure in 3 or multiple of 3
Fungal cell wall is chitinous.
In follicular phase, for the follicles to mature, anterior pituitary gland releases
gonadotrophins(FSH and LH) which is high during follicular phase
GnRH is released by hypothalamus, sex hormones controls GnRH level, inhibin acts on pituitary glands.
Plasmids are small, circular DNA molecules. Plasmids are small pieces
of bacterial DNA that can replicate independently of the large
chromosome.
Indeterminate and radial cleavage is characteristic of the deuterostomes.
When the body's immune system turns against itself and mistakenly attacks healthy cells.
Eubacteria are the true bacteria.
Filament can be either attached with petal and thalamus borne all the floral whorls on it.
The principal method for sterilization of males is a vasectomy, in which a portion of each ductus deferens is removed.
It is not related with interference with spermatogenesis.
The DNA polymerase from E. coli that was
originally used in PCR denatures at 90°C, and fresh enzyme
had to be added to the reaction mixture in each cycle. This
obstacle was overcome when DNA polymerase was isolated
from the bacterium Thermus aquaticus, which lives in the
boiling springs of Yellowstone National Park. This enzyme,
dubbed Taq polymerase, is remarkably stable at high temperatures
and is not denatured in the strand-separation step
of PCR; so it can be added to the reaction mixture at the
beginning of the PCR process and will continue to function
through many cycles.
Inhibin is secreted by granulosa cells of growing follicles
and by the corpus luteum after ovulation. It inhibits secretion of
FSH and, to a lesser extent, LH.
Meloidogyne incognita is a nematode in the family Heteroderidae. It is commonly called the
"southern root-knot nematode" or the "cotton root-knot nematode".
Vaccines contains Attenuated pathogens, hence polio vaccines also contains Attenuated pathogens to trigger immune response.
Long sustained muscle contraction is known as Tetanus common to skeletal muscles.
Pitcher of Nepenthes is a modified leaf.
The flavonoids, which are water-soluble pigments present
in the vacuoles of plant cells, represent the largest group of
plant phenolic compounds. Flavonoids are divided into several classes, including the
widespread anthocyanins, flavones, and flavonols. The anthocyanins
range in color from red through purple to blue.
Gymnosperms are heterosporous. Sequoia is the tallest trees, not one of the tallest trees. Gymnosperms
can withstand adverse climate. So option C is correct.
Combined with adipose tissue, areolar connective
tissue forms the subcutaneous layer, the layer of tissue
that attaches the skin to underlying tissues and organs.
Transitional epithelium is clled urothelium. It lines the urinary bladder. Simple cuboidal
epithelium.
pH decrease means blood becomes acidic as CO₂ level has increased, so affinity of hemoglobin with oxygen decreases.
Tapetum is a nutritive tissue which provide nutrition to developing microspores.
Lichens are able to live in some of the harshest environments
on Earth, and consequently they are extremely widespread.
They occur from arid desert regions to the Arctic and
grow on bare soil, tree trunks, sunbaked rocks, fence posts, and
windswept alpine peaks all over the world.
AUG cods for methionine is the initiation codon.
Birds are not viviparous(give birth to youngones).
Aorta has the highest pressure, followed by artery and vein, and minimum in vena cavae.
Single large cotyledon of the monocots are called scutellum.
Oxyntic Cells(Parietal Cells) → releases HCL and Castle’s Intrinsic Factor.
Ozone absorbs UV rays and other ionizing rays of the sun, thereby prevent skin cancer.
Protists includes Algae [ Euglenoids,
Phylum Cryptophyta (cryptomonads),
Phylum Haptophyta (haptophytes),
Dinoflagellates,
Class Bacillariophyceae (diatoms),
Class Chrysophyceae (golden algae),
Class Xanthophyceae (yellow-green algae),
Class Phaeophyceae (brown algae),
Phylum Rhodophyta (red algae),
Green algae ] and Heterotrophic protists[ Phylum Oomycota (oomycetes),
Phylum Myxomycota (plasmodial slime molds), Phylum Dictyosteliomycota (cellular slime molds)]
Hepatocytes have cycles called Urea Cycle (ornithine Cycle) by which amino acids are deaminated and converted to urea.
The vessel which drain out of the liver should have highest concentration of urea, i.e. Hepatic Vein.
Apomixis: Reproduction without meiosis or fertilization; vegetative reproduction.
C. butylicum and other Clostridia can digest whey, sugar, starch, cellulose and perhaps certain
types of lignin, yielding butanol, propionic acid, ether, and glycerin.
A testcross reveals the effects of linkage. For example, if
a heterozygous individual is test-crossed with a homozygous
recessive individual (AaBb ✕ aabb), the alleles that are present
in the gametes contributed by the heterozygous parent
will be expressed in the phenotype of the offspring, because
the homozygous parent could not contribute dominant alleles
that might mask them. Consequently, traits that appear in
the progeny reveal which alleles were transmitted by the heterozygous
parent.
In mitotic cell, all occurs except synapsis, which is the chracteristic features of meiotic cells.
Guard cells are often associated with epidermal cells, called subsidiary cells, that differ in shape from
other epidermal cells.
Phyloclades:a flattened branch or stem-joint resembling and functioning as a leaf.
Methanogens produce methane gas under anaerobic condition, which is a clean energy source.
In domestic sewage rich in organic waste, bacterial decomposition used up oxygens, causing damage to aquatic fauna.
Since entire genome is copied to single cell, it's the case of multiple of genome, i.e. polyploidy.The event is free and all are welcome. Sign up here!
Meera Kaul is an entrepreneur, an angel investor, a private equity executive and a venture capitalist. She is a global hi-tech investor and serial entrepreneur with a track record of 4 multi-million dollar exits. She manages a portfolio of investments valued at over a billion dollars across North America, Asia, Africa and Middle East. Over the last 2 decades of her career, Meera Kaul has incubated, financed and promoted technology enabled ventures in Europe, North America, Middle East , Africa and Asia. Her interests are high tech, digital media, clean tech and consumer electronics. She also serves as the Chairperson of Meera Kaul Foundation. The purpose of the foundation is to empower women to utilize their economic, social and intellectual potential.
Meera is also the Strategic Advisor to Women in Leadership Initiatives where she contributes to the success of U.S State Department programs like Techwomen. Meera was voted one of the Top 50 women in telecom space; Entrepreneur of the year in 2013 and 2015.
Meera has degrees in law from Delhi University and Thomas Jefferson School of Law and is also an alumni of the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
There are no comments yet. Be the first to share your thoughts. Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathi.
Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathiwas is conveniently located just 710 m from Tigermart, which can be reached within 9 mins. by foot.
There are many other shops situated in the area of Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathiwas, the 3 closest being:
- 7-Eleven is 350 m away (about 4 mins. by foot)
- 7-Eleven is 410 m away (about 5 mins. by foot)
- Lawson 108 Thanulux Branch is 460 m away (about 6 mins. by foot)
The surrounding area, where Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathiwas is situated, offers a wide variety of restaurants. See the closest of them below:
- Hainanese chicken rice shop, Chong Nonsi is 20 m away (a walk of about 1 min.)
- Nai Mai Pork Noodle is 70 m away (a walk of about 1 min.)
- Beef shop is 640 m away (a walk of about 8 mins.)
Zhang Huitong Medical Office is the nearest health facility, which is 740 m away (you can walk there in 9 mins.) from the project, while the closest schools in the proximity of Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathiwas are:
- Wat Chong Nonsi School is 180 m away (about 2 mins. by foot)
- Elite language center is 710 m away (about 9 mins. by foot)
- Left Kindergarten is 250 m away (about 3 mins. by foot)
Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 36.2 km from Thanapat Haus Sathorn-Narathiwas and it takes about 36 mins. by car or taxi (depending on the traffic) to get there.Research and Training Opportunities
The opportunities publicised in this section are divided into:
- Information on regular grant schemes offered by each member organisation
- Currently available training courses and workshops
Key elements of the ISCF’s mission are to train and develop a critical mass of stem cell researchers world-wide and to encourage transnational collaborations. To help achieve this, ISCF Members will use this section of the site to publicise:
- Regular training and career-development schemes
- Ad hoc training and career development opportunities
- Regular research grant schemes
- Ad hoc calls for research proposals in defined areas
- Schemes encouraging cross-disciplinary research
- Schemes promoting international exchanges
- Training courses
- Workshops
We will also highlight which of these schemes:
- Provide funding for national applicants only.
- Provide funding to overseas applicants.
- Are open to overseas applicants who can provide their own funding.With superstar David Villaand his 11 league goals. Villa also has two assists. He continues to be a magnet for transfer speculation with global powers Manchester United and Real Madrid heading the list.
While Valencia is seeking a three points, Betis will be happy with the tie. Just five Real Betis squads have ever won at Valencia’s Mestalla, with the last coming more than 20 years ago. Betis’ Chapparo is well aware of the task at hand.
He noted to the media, “It will be a difficult game, because they have great players and are a great team. It`s difficult in Valencia in general.”
He added, “I`m not worried about statistics. We have not won there in 23 years because they have always been better, but this year we are more equal.”
Prediction:
Valencia’s class is too much for the resurgent Real Betis side. Valencia over Real Betis 3-1.§ 21.283. Authority and qualifications for prescribing, dispensing and ordering drugs.
(a) A CRNP with prescriptive authority approval may, when acting in collaboration with a physician as set forth in a prescriptive authority collaborative agreement and within the CRNPs specialty, prescribe and dispense drugs and give written or oral orders for drugs and other medical therapeutic or corrective measures. These orders may include:
(1) Orders for drugs, total parenteral nutrition and lipids, in accordance with § § 21.284 and 21.285 (relating to prescribing and dispensing parameters; and prescriptive authority collaborative agreements).
(2) Disposables and devices adjunctive to a treatment plan.
(b) To obtain prescriptive authority approval, a CRNP shall:
(1) Successfully complete Board.
(ii) The course work shall be at an advanced level above a pharmacology course required by a professional nursing (RN) education program.
(iii) The course work shall have been completed within 5 years immediately preceding the date the applicant applies for initial prescriptive authority approval.
(2) Submit an application for prescriptive authority approval to the Board.
(3) Pay the fee set forth in § 21.253 (relating to fees).
(c) A CRNP who has prescriptive authority shall complete at least 16 hours of Board-approved continuing education in pharmacology in the 2 years prior to the biennial renewal date of the certification. The CRNP shall verify completion of the continuing education when submitting a biennial renewal.
Authority
The provisions of this § 21.283 issued under section 15(b) of the Medical Practice Act of 1985 (63 P.S. § 422.15(b)) (Repealed).
Source
The provisions of this § 21.283 adopted November 17, 2000, effective November 18, 2000, 30 Pa.B. 5943; amended December 11, 2009, effective December 12, 2009, 39 Pa.B. 6994. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (335546) and (319599).
Cross References
This section cited in 49 Pa. Code § 21.253 (relating to fees); 49 Pa. Code § 21.285 (relating to prescriptive authority collaborative agreements); 49 Pa. Code § 21.332a (relating to inactive status and reactivation);.Learn More
Login to RefWorks
Collect.
1450+
Subscribed institutions
500K+
Active users
59
Countries
6000+
Citation styles Expert Contact me About RefWorksTransition Planning:Parent’s Perspective to QualityTransition Plans March 29, 2007 Henrico County Public Schools Dr. Mary E. Morningstar & Dana Lattin mmorningstar@ku.edu Examples from session: University of Kansas Department of Special Education
FALSE TRUE Transition was included in IDEA because the first special education students to exit high school were successful in achieving positive postschool adult outcomes such as living on their own, having a well-paying job, and attending postsecondary education in record numbers. Correct answer is: FALSE. Beginning in the mid-1980’s, the U.S. Department of Education recognized that the first group of students who had been all the way through special education were leaving school and unsuccessful in adult life. Unemployment, lack of enrollment in postsecondary education, continued dependence on parents, social isolation, and lack of involvement in community-based activities were found among young adults with disabilities.
FALSE TRUE Many curricula and programs do not support students with disabilities in developing essential adult-life skills. Correct answer is TRUE Post-school outcome research indicates that the current special education curriculum, instruction, and planning are not meeting students' needs. The National Longitudinal Transition Study-2 has reported that while outcome for many youth with disabilities is improving, they often do not learn or use the skills in their school programs that they need to achieve productivity, empowerment, and independence.
FALSE TRUE Students with disabilities transitioning from school to adult life are not often supported by effective interagency collaboration. Correct answer is TRUE Limited levels of service coordination and collaboration among schools and community service agencies have created difficulties for students with disabilities in achieving positive post-school results (Johnson, et al., 2002). In many circumstances, students with disabilities leave school without appropriate community supports necessary to achieve successful adult outcomes. Many students remained at home with nothing to do because they were on long waiting lists for adult services.
FALSE TRUE Students with disabilities are more likely to remain in school and graduate from high school than their peers without disabilities. Correct answer is FALSE Dropping out of school is one of the most serious problems facing special education programs across the country. Almost 1/4 of all youth with disabilities exit the school system by dropping out. Youth with ED have the highest drop out rates (from 21% to 64% - twice the rate of nondisabled students). The drop out rate for students with learning disabilities averages 25% (National Center for Education Statistics, 2001). Reasons include: lack of credits to graduate, no parental support for education, inappropriate social interactions. Dropouts have fewer options for employment and usually end up in entry level, low-paying positions.
Transition is Results-Oriented Transition is Coordinated Transition is Student-Centered • Postecondary ed., living, employment, and full participation in the community • Accountable for programs leading to successful outcomes • IEP reflects what the student is expected to know or be able to do • IEP = transition IEP • All activities & services within the school = course of study • Link with agencies and service providers providing transition services • Work with outside agencies (including inviting to IEP meetings). • Reauthorization of Rehab. Act • Based upon "student needs, taking into account student strengths, preferences and interests“ • Focus on the vision for the future • Age-appropriate transition assessment required for transition planning • Students must be actively involved in educational and transition planning Focusing on Transition Changes How We Provide Services
The IDEA 2004: focus on critical elements of transition: • How we define“transition services” • How we make decisions about transition services based upon appropriate assessments • What is required in a student’s IEP related to transition • How we summarize transition performance when students are graduating or exiting school.
IEP Results Process for Transition Services (adapted from: O’Leary, 2005) Step 1: Measurable Postsecondary Goals Step 3: Needed Transition Services Step 4: Annual IEP Goals Step 2: Present Levels of Academic Performance • Education or Training • Employment • Independent Living • a. Course of Study • b. Needed Services: • Instruction • Related Services • Community Experiences • Employment and other post-school adult living objectives • Daily Living skills & Functional Vocational Assessment (when appropriate) Step 5: Summary of Performance Age Appropriate Transition Assessments
Definition of Transition Services “a coordinated set of activities for a student that • is designed to be within a results-oriented process that is focused on improving the academic and functional achievementof the child with a disability tofacilitate the child’s movement from school to post-school activities, including post-secondary education, vocational education, integrated employment (including supported employment), continuing and adult education, adult services, independent living, or community participation.”
Definition of Transition Services 02, (34).
Beginning no later than the first IEP in effect when the student turns 16 and annually thereafter – A student's IEP must include appropriate measurable postsecondary goals based upon age appropriate transition assessments related to training, education, employment, and where appropriate, independent living skills. The IEP must include those transition services (including courses of study) needed to assist the student in reaching postsecondary goals. (Section 614)
Goals stated so that we can measurethe extentto which they were achieved & schools role in planning We are NOT talking about IEP goals (“measurable annual goals”) We are talking about postschool outcomes explicitly stated and then planned for with: 1.transition assessment, 2. transition services, 3. IEP goals, 4. interagency collaboration to ensure most likely achievement Education/training & employment are required Examples (from NSTTAC): Upon completion of high school… I will enroll in the Associates Degree program at Ocean County Community College in August of 2009. (separate, education/training) I will get my undergraduate degree in history and education, to become a high school social studies teacher. (combo: education/training & employment) Paulo will independently prepare for work each day by dressing, making his bed, making his lunch, and accessing transportation. (separate, independent living) For younger students…. I’d like to work with animals I’d like to work with computers I would like to live in my own apartment with a roommate What do “measurable postsecondary goals” mean? Ed O’Leary (2006)
The ongoing process of collecting data on the individual’s strengths, needs, preferences, and interests as they relate to the demands of current and future working, educational, living, and personal, and social environments. Assessment data serve as the common thread in the transition process and form the basis for defining goals and services to be included in the IEP (DCDT Position Statement, Sitlington, 1996) Based on age appropriate transition assessments…. • What are age appropriate transition assessments? • What is the purpose of transition assessments?
Transition services (including courses of study) • Transition services must be based upon the student’s needs, strengths, preferences and interests and focus on the desired postsecondary goals for the student. • The transition services that must be considered by the IEP team during the planning process include: • instruction, • community experiences, • related services, • the development of employment and other post-school adult living objectives, • and when appropriate, acquisition of daily living skills and functional vocational evaluations.
Courses of Study • “multi-year description of coursework to achieve a student’s desired postschool goals” • “meaningful to the student’s future and motivate the student to complete his or her education” • “attention on how the child’s educational program can be planned to help the child make a successful transition to his or her goals for life after secondary school” (O’Leary, 2005).
One year before the student reaches the legal age of majority: • Beginning not later than one year before the student reaches the age of majority under State law… students and parents are to be notified of the specific rights which will transfer to the student once he or she turns 18 & documentation must be found in the IEP. • Documentation of this notification must be included in the IEP at this time. - Notification of meetings - Notification and consent for evaluation - Selection of participants of IEP meetings - Approval of the contents of the IEP - Approval regarding change of placement
Course of Study Postsecondary Goals REVISE REVISE
Transition Services: Instruction Community Experiences Related Services Employment Other Adult Living Daily Living Functional Vocational Assessment Activities, Strategies & Assessments Goals and Objectives To-do List Interagency Linkages Transition Assessments Responsibilities: Students Parents School Staff Agencies Others
Age of Majority Requirements Interagency Linkages: Activities Responsibilities Persons Involved Date of Completion Agreement
Caught in Transition… SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE “… a local educational agency shall provide the child with a summary of the child's academic achievement and functional performance, which shall include recommendations on how to assist the child in meeting the child's postsecondary goals.” IDEA 2004 Sec. 614c (5) A comprehensive evaluation.. “shall not be required before the termination of a child's eligibility under this part due to graduation from secondary school with a regular diploma.”
Summary of Performance • For students who are graduating (exiting) high school (either with a regular diploma or due to exceeding the age eligibility for special education), schools are now required to provide the student and his or her family with a summary of academic achievement and functional performance, along with recommendations on how to assist the student to meet postschool goals. • These requirements do not require additional evaluations or reevaluations before the change in eligibility take place. • The IDEA does not specify what this performance summary should look like or what kinds of information need to be included. Schools should be planning creative ways to capture a students transition summary report.
Family Members Student Education personnel School support staff Community members Peers and friends Administrators Postsecondary Ed. staff Community Service Providers Who should participate in transition planning & IEPS?
Who is Responsible for Transition Outcomes? In the case where a participating agency, other than the educational agency, fails to provide agreed upon services, the educational agency shall reconvene the IEP team to identify alternative strategies to meet the transition objective.
Transition Planning Process Develop a Vision for the Future • Develop Transition IEP • Measurable Postsecondary Goals • Transition Services & Course of Study • Goals, Objectives/Benchmarks • Interagency Linkages Identify Preferences, Interests and Needs Using Age Appropriate Transition Assessments
Implement IEP • Instruction • Community Experiences • Related Services • Functional Evaluation • Goals & Objectives • Courses of Study • Interagency Linkages • Evaluate Results • Reconvene the IEP Team • Expand Upon Existing IEP • Reevaluate & Revise AnnuallyPOSTIES and lorry drivers are among the workers who are exempt from new quarantine rules in a bid to keep Britain moving during the pandemic.
It comes as the Home Secretary Priti Patel laid out the government's plans to impose for restrictions on travellers in the Commons today.
⚠️ Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates
From Monday, the majority of people arriving in England will be told to self-isolate at a specific address for 14 days to prevent coronavirus cases being introduced from overseas.
They face spot checks and those found to breach the rules could be slapped with a £1,000 fine or face potential prosecution and an unlimited fine.
But some jobs require frequent travel so to keep the economy moving, the government has eased restrictions for specific workers to allow them to continue moving smoothly between countries.
These include lorry drivers, pilots and postal workers whose job it is to transport international mail.
Who won't need to quarantine?
YOU won't need to quarantine when arriving in the UK from abroad if you fit into one of the following categories:
- Travellers passing through a UK airport, as long as they don't go through border control
- Anyone arriving from the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man (the Common Travel Areas)
- Patients travelling to the UK to receive pre-arranged medical treatment
- Someone who works in the UK but lives overseas and returns to that country typically once a week or vice versa - someone who lives in the UK but travels overseas for work once a week on average
- Road haulage and freight workers
- Medical and care professionals arriving in the UK to provide essential healthcare
- Seasonal farm workers, as long as they self-isolate on the farm they're allowed to mix with fellow workers
- Workers with specialist technical skills, such as system operators, then are needed to carry out emergency work
- Merchant pilots and crew
- Seamen and masters
- Essential workers for the BBC
- Diplomats and consulates
The latest list of exemptions was published on the government website on May 22 but an updated list has is due to be published online this week.
If you're not travelling for work and your job isn't on this list then you will have to make sure that you quarantine for two weeks.
This is because the COVID-19 has a two to 14 day incubation period where you may carry the disease but not show any symptoms.
Travellers who will have to quarantine are allowed to take public transport to get to where they will be staying.
They'll also be able to pop out for food and to attend funerals.
Officials have also been given the powers to refuse entry to foreign travellers if they disobey UK authorities.
But removing travellers from the country will be considered "as a last resort" for foreign nationals who refuse to comply with the order to stay at a single residence.
Initially, the rules will only be in place for three weeks before the policy is reviewed and potentially extended.
That means the first review will fall on June 29.
Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales are expected to outline their own devolved travel restrictions in the coming days.
The plans have been slammed by critics who claim it will cost the UK economy £650million a week and that it could even kill off the travel industry altogether.
As a result, some Tory MPs as well as travel industry chiefs calling for it to be abandoned.
Currently, there are no quarantine rules in place for those arriving in the UK - but they have to stick to the same restrictions in place for Brits to stem the spread of the coronavirus.
Most read in Money
The government has been criticised for not introducing the checks at borders during the height of the pandemic but today the Home Secretary defended the decision.
She said that they would have had a “very marginal” impact on the number of cases in the country.
She added that checks for symptoms of Covid-19 were brought in for passengers arriving from Wuhan on January 22, the whole of China on January 25, Japan on February 8 and Iran on February 25.‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ director James Gunn has signed on to shape the script for Warner Bros. Pictures and DC’s ‘Suicide Squad’ sequel, with an eye towards also directing. The project would mark Gunn’s first project since parting ways with Disney/Marvel.
Written and directed by David Ayer, the 2016 ‘Suicide Squad’ was about a group of super villains including Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie), Deadshot (Will Smith), Captain Boomerang (Jai Courtney), Killer Croc (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) and Diablo (Jay Hernandez), who are recruited to form a defensive task force in order to save the world from the apocalypse. The film was a hit — despite earning negative reviews — managing to take in more than $745 million worldwide.
The studio originally recruited ‘Warrior’ director Gavin O’Connor to write and direct the follow-up but he parted ways, moving on to ‘The Has-Been,’ a sports drama that reunites him with his ‘The Accountant’ star Ben Affleck.
According to reports, Gunn will bring a completely new take on the DC property.In this half, we look at a successor to WAIT UNTIL DARK that puts a very different sort of blind person in the middle of a home invasion: Fede Alvarez's recent horror-thriller DON'T BREATHE, which stars Stephen Lang as a blind ex-Marine who turns out to be much more than a simple victim. We talk over the new movie's more grisly aspects, and compare how the two films both use their settings and space, empathy, and blindness itself to eke different kinds of thrills from their viewers. Please share...more
Pastime is not the owner of the podcast content presented on this page. Pastime is not affiliated with nor endorses this content. © 2017 PastimeParticipants Chill on Transfers in January
On average, about 0.042% of 401(k) balances transferred on a net daily basis during the month — slightly lower than the trailing 12-month average of 0.052%, Hewitt said. In addition, only one day of the month had an above-normal level of transfers.
However, participants making transfers continued the trend from last year of moving out of equity investments, although the scale of the movement was much smaller compared to last year, the Index showed. Participant transfers were fixed income oriented during 60% of the days, and a total of $79 million shifted from equities to fixed income investments during the month.
Balanced funds experienced the largest outflow for the month, with $69 million transferring out of this asset class. International funds had similar outflows with $68 million, Hewitt data showed.
Interestingly, company stock funds received the largest inflow ($65 million) during the month. GIC/stable value and bond funds received inflows of $60 million and $40 million, respectively.
Largely due to market decline, participants’ overall equity allocation went down from 52.9% at the end of December to 50.5% at the end of January — another historic low, Hewitt said.
On the other hand, Hewitt noted that participant-only equity contribution is another measure of employee sentiment, and it actually ticked up slightly from 57.4% to 57.7% during the month.
Still, GIC/stable value funds received the biggest share of participant-only contributions at 23.79%, while Lifestyle/pre-mix funds gained 19.23% of participant contributions and large U.S. equity won 17.66%.
The Hewitt 401(k) Index Observations is here .
« Plan Sponsors Must Notify PBGC of Crippling Madoff LossesNew Decorative Hardware Collection
Contemporary Aluminum Edge Pull - 9898
To buy, choose from the options below.
Description
Contemporary metal edge pull by Richelieu. Ideal for giving your kitchen or bathroom that streamlined and urban look. Please note that the 416 mm (16 3/8") c.c. pull has two center to centers: one of 192 mm (7 9/16") and one of 416 mm (16 3/8").
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Pulls and Knobs Style
Modern
Type
Edge pulls
Material
Aluminum
Width - Overall Dimensions
23/32 in*
Screw/Nail
Wood Screw (Included).” ().
You can’t help but feel a sense of helplessness when natural disasters occur. Because their origin comes from this planet we call home, we all feel the sting when the earth convulses or the seas spawn fierce storms. And we wonder: Can we trust this life-giving sphere that is usually so good to us? It all seems rather capricious, especially when those who are least able to handle the terrestrial smack of earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods are often hit the hardest.
How do we deal with this kind of suffering? What are our options? We can believe that nature has run amok and out of God’s control. Or we can believe that nature is all there is, with no God to care or wield any authoritative restraint. Those are the options of people who have given up on God. They aren’t very comforting, are they?.
Even.
Remember all those books about people who died, went to heaven, and then returned to life with stories of their celestial vacation? They were referred to as “heaven tourism” books, and whether or not you are one of the millions of people who read one, you have to wonder. Are these Near Death Experiences (NDEs) for real or figments of over-active imaginations?
If you go by the immense popularity of books like Heaven Is for Real, a multi-million-selling book about a boy who dies and goes to heaven and comes back, the least you can say is that people are very curious about this question. They want to know if NDEs are for real, and by implication, if heaven is for real.
Here’s our quick response.
If the historic words of Jesus, who actually died and came back to life, are not enough to convince someone that heaven is for real, why would the words of a little boy do the trick? Do the subjective words of everyday people carry more weight than the Bible?
Maybe we’re being a little harsh. Personal experiences count for something, and millions of such experiences can’t be dismissed out of hand. Something is going on. is an excerpt from the new book, Answering the Toughest Questions About God and the Bible by Bruce Bickel and Stan Jantz.
God isn’t
surprised when people doubt him. It doesn’t even bother him. How do we know
this? Because of the way Jesus treated one of his disciples, famously (or
infamously) known as Doubting Thomas. Jesus had been crucified, was dead and
buried. But he rose again and appeared to more then five hundred people,
including his disciples—except for one.
It seems
Thomas was missing when Jesus first appeared to his followers, and even though
his colleagues told Thomas about the risen Lord, he refused to believe. “Unless
I see the nail marks in his hands and put my finger where the nails were, and
put my hand into his side, I will not believe” (John 20:25). Talk about a tough
sell!
» See Them All
» More Podcasts
» More Videos
» More Resources
No links foundBostitch Long Reach Stapler, 25-Sheet Capacity, 12" Throat, Black/Silver(44) Reviews Product Number: ACI1610
- With One-Finger™ technology, use just one finger for 80% easier stapling.
- 12 1/2" long arm can staple projects up to 25" wide.
- Smooth, jam-free stapling operation.
- Metal housing for durable performance.
$31.19
Favorite
Compare
Request Quote
Product Description
Bostitch Long Reach Stapler, 25-Sheet Capacity, 12" Throat, Black/Silver - Long Reach Stapler offers effortless operation and powerful performance. Easy-to-use, patented design only needs the push of a finger to staple up to 25 sheets of paper (equating to a 50-page booklet). With its 12-1/2 long reach and ability to bind sheets up to 25" wide, it's a perfect binding and special projects tool. Incorporated ruler and sliding guide provide consistent accuracy for a professional look. Ergonomic technology is conducive to those with arthritis and repetitive stress injuries. Uniquely long, jam-free stapler uses PaperPro Premium Standard Staples."
- With One-Finger™ technology, use just one finger for 80% easier stapling.
- 12 1/2" long arm can staple projects up to 25" wide.
- Smooth, jam-free stapling operation.
- Metal housing for durable performance.
- Non-slip grip and base for extra stability during use.
Guides & Information
Related Articles
Need more information? Ask a Question
Product Specifications
- Additional Warranty Information3-Year Limited
- Application/UsagePaper
- Assembly RequiredNo
- Brand NameBostitch
- Capacity25 sheets
- ColorBlack Silver
- Color(s)Black/Silver
- Country of OriginTW
- Environmentally FriendlyYes
- FeaturesJam-free One-handed Operation
- Footnote 2All sheet capacities are based on 20-lb. bond
- Global Product TypeStaplers-Long Reach
- Height4"
- Length12.5"
- ManufacturerAccentra, Inc
- Manufacturer Part Number1610
- Manufacturer Website Address
- MaterialMetal
- Material(s)Metal Plastic
- Package ContentsPaperPro Long Reach Stapler Rack of Standard Staplers
- Packaged Quantity1 Each
- Packaging1
- Post-Consumer Recycled Content Percent0%
- Power Source(s)Manual
- Pre-Consumer Recycled Content Percent0%
- Product LineLong Reach 25
- Product NameLong Reach 25 Stapler
- Product TypeLong Reach Stapler
- RecycledNo
- RefurbishedN
- Replacement StaplesPaperPro® 1901
- Sheet Basis Weight30 lb
- Sheet Capacity25 25
- Staple CapacityFull Strip (210 Staples) Full Strip (210 Staples)
- Staple LoadingTop
- Staple Size1/4"
- Throat Depth12.50"
- Total Recycled Content Percent0%
- Type of Staple UsedStandard
- Width2.8"Dependant upon what kind of reward customers are searhing for, they might choose to check it out. In fact, the bonus conditions and terms in the end ascertain what a bonus is value.
Bakarasite Tricks November thirteen, 2021 Group: Website on line casinos??and so are genuinely famed among the masses of folks. Net casinos were only obtainable in Two thousand and two and together with have come about for getting really fashionable For The key reason why that point.
A reload bonus is mostly meant for funded players only rather than for new players. A reload reward might be in the shape of the match reward, no cost spins reward, or it may be limited to reloads on specific days from the week only. A casino can basically customise a reload bonus According to their needs.
Participate in for entertaining??mode.|Types of Deposit Bonuses On line casinos are recognised to provide their users various promotions and bonuses. These promotions come in all types and measurements. Promotions also play many significant roles for example ??attracting new players to the casino, motivating gamers to Perform more and deposit additional, and hold them active throughout the 7 days. In addition they goal to offer incentives for enjoying during selected getaway seasons.|The most popular sort of bonus is one that could be claimed with no should deposit any with the participant's possess funds - often called a no deposit reward.|Although it is not a absolutely free reward for each say, the benefits are evident. You Perform with minimal to no chance and you still have the possibility to get serious funds funds that happen to be withdrawable (albeit from time to time with problems).|Online gambling legislation differ in Each individual region around the world and are topic to vary. In this way, we urge our readers to examine nearby guidelines just before partaking in on the web gambling.|Fraudulent behavior about the part of on the net casinos continues to be documented, Just about exclusively by participant advocacy websites and discussion boards. The most often noted actions is actually a refusal to pay for withdrawals to genuine winners.|In order that players have a fairly easy time taking part in these game titles and the land-centered surroundings is fully recreated, application builders contain ground breaking functions including the chat function.|This permits the player to variety your information towards the seller and they are able to reply again verbally. The Reside chat element may also be accustomed to talk to other players seated for the table adhering to a list of guidelines laid down with the casino.|The effects on the Actual physical transactions from the seller, which include the outcome on the roulette wheel spin or maybe the dealing of playing cards, are translated into details that may be utilized via the software program via optical character recognition (OCR) technological know-how.|Perform at the ideal sportsbooks and casinos for online gambling right now! Search our shortlist to uncover secure sites offering authentic money gambling, huge bonuses, many game titles, sports betting, and even more. This thirty day period, our major spot for on the internet betting goes to El Royale.|seven. All deposit bonuses needs to be wagered in the casino inside of seven times of reward activation before a withdrawal could be manufactured. Failure to wager the reward within this time frame will lead to the cancelation on the reward, as well as bonus together with any pertinent winnings might be shed.|Similar to the match bonus, cashback rewards demand you to definitely wager a specific amount of cash to gamble. The reward amount is limited too.|Bonus searching (also called bonus bagging or reward whoring) is usually a style of edge gambling wherever turning a make the most of casino, sportsbook and poker room bonus predicaments is mathematically possible.|Basically log into your desired casino or sporting activities betting website to Perform many slots games, craps, blackjack and roulette, or Use a wager on the big football match or UFC struggle.|Getting started at a greatest deposit casino is not difficult. After getting picked out your pick of which very best deposit casino you to Perform at, all You must do is sign-up an account Along with the casino and come up with a deposit.|R200 Reward A R200 reward frequently refers to your deposit reward wherein the minimum level of the deposit ought to be at the least R200. When you come up with a deposit down below R200, then the deposit will never draw in the explained bonus.|The researchers have produced in excess of one hundred fifty corelets at the moment as Aspect of a library that programmers can tap.|The Referrer gets a reward in the event the Referee completes all the necessities, for example building the deposit and wagering it a specific amount of instances. Cashback or insurance policy|Slots sites publish their particular RTP but we use precise RTP prices depending on serious gameplay to help make our assessment. Casinos that offer fantastic bonuses and benefits techniques will also be regarded.|The notion of the best online casino is subjective. Some users prioritize the look and advantage with the interface, Other folks within the software package and age with the portal, third around the bonus application. The Artwork-CASINO edition has fashioned many demands, The mixture of which allows to evaluate the reliability and honesty of the casino. Gurus assess The provision of a license, the dimensions of the sport assortment, the possibility of sorting the equipment In line with different features, the comfort of navigation and simplicity from the interface and, naturally, the speed of withdrawal of cash.|Controlling your on-line recreation by supporting your Key issue which has numerous quantity of accidents needs to be achievable so you?�ll triumph pursuing the morning. The participant must make sure it stays intellect that not the slightest bit pick absolutely the initial choice, at that time just it can be conceivable to select for an extra.|When applied correctly, a PRNG algorithm including the Mersenne Twister will be certain that the games are both of those reasonable and unpredictable. On the other hand, typically, the player should have confidence in that the software package hasn't been rigged to boost the dwelling edge, as its internal workings are invisible to the person.|Final although not minimum, among the best matters about Slot Tracker is this tool is totally totally free to employ! All you must do is download the Resource, allow the extension, plus your account might be create very quickly. As You begin enjoying, Slot Tracker will generate the many pertinent details again to you personally.|The Australian Interactive Gambling Act 2001 (IGA)[1] criminalizes the availability of on the net casino video games by an operator any where on this planet to persons situated in Australia. It only targets operators of online gambling sites, leading to the curious scenario that it's not illegal for your player in Australia to entry and gamble at an internet casino.}
As an example, let us suppose that a South African on-line casino is presenting a 100% reward to get a deposit of R100 or earlier mentioned. On this casino, for those who produce a deposit of R100, then you will obtain yet another R100 (one hundred% of R100) as reward as well as your casino equilibrium will likely be amplified by a total of R200. Nevertheless, in the event you generate a deposit beneath R100, Then you definately don?�t receive this reward.
Totally free spins Permit you to play slot games for free. This reward is definitely the a person you can typically attain on NetEnt?�s wildly preferred slot equipment.
The Sports activities betting is perhaps the finest romantic relationship for playing wagering on the web in Asia. For the most part, the online casino need to be easy agreeable in all conceivable strategy. On-line casino is believed to be readily available working day beguilement in light of The actual fact there are several parts Which may be might have liked to aid the situation. A physical casino is difficult to find. The SCR888 easy casino is incredibly enduring and reliable. Click this link to find out much more aspects about ?�토?�이??
Welcome bonuses are One of the more frequent styles of on-line casino bonuses that gamers come across. A welcome reward is an effective Device for on line casinos to lure probable players and obtain them to enroll as associates at their casinos.
Gibraltar ??watches intently realization in the concepts of the dependable recreation, honesty of indicators of theoretical % of return in addition to a monetary issue of the corporation;
Movie poker can also be performed, nevertheless it is possible that only five% of your stakes add to fulfil the wagering necessity.
A reward devoid of deposit commonly will never get to the volume of a deposit offer, and the circumstances might be stricter, but considering that There's zero threat, it is usually well worth jumping on this sort of a chance.
So, irrespective of whether you are new into the casino otherwise you?�ve been participating in for a long period with the casino, when you make your very first crypto deposit, you are able to anticipate a crypto deposit bonus.
By wagering, we confer with all bets placed by players within the suitable online games, irrelevant of no matter whether There exists a revenue or a decline in the long run.
8. The most permitted wager just before Assembly the bonus wagering requirements is ??5 per sport/spin or even the equivalent in other currencies. Greater bets will cause the confiscation with the reward belongings, freespins and any probable winnings created with reward revenue.|Inside our slot site reviews, you?�ll find out what payment techniques a slot site provides so there shouldn?�t be any surprises whenever you reach the Deposit|will typically have specific eligibility requirements. You are going to only get the reward income if and Whenever your deposit fulfills these eligibility qualifications.|These video games can be a whole lot costlier for websites to host than virtual video games, because they entail a heavier expenditure in technological innovation and staffing. A Dwell casino studio generally employs one or more cameramen, numerous croupiers working the assorted video games, an details engineering manager to make sure that any technical hitches are dealt with swiftly, and a pit manager that functions being an adjudicator in the event of disputes amongst players and croupiers.|On the internet gambling sites supply profitable welcome bonuses to new players. These bonuses give you hundreds of pounds, lbs . or Euros in absolutely free cash in return for choosing them as your primary casino or bookmaker.|They?�ve received to be a slot-targeted operator that welcomes players with an exceptional reward, provides a wonderful amount of customer support and boasts an enormous collection of on line slots by dozens of major-tier video game suppliers.|All factors of dispute that clientele have not been able to take care of as Component of negotiations Along with the administration might be deemed from the responsible system. Distinctive regulators impose unique demands on operators, and licenses differ in Price:|How to assert your Reward at Deposit Casinos Professing on the internet casino bonuses is intuitive and easy, but many eligibility conditions and the overall bonus terms and conditions could overwhelm new gamers.|The brand new regulation necessary operators to pay a fifteen% Position of Usage Tax (POCT), something that brought on an exodus of forms of some operators through the UK Isles. However, this exodus didn't very last extended generally as the advantages outweighed the stumbling blocks, due to United kingdom becoming An important marketplace for on the internet gambling.[citation needed]|Kick-get started your gaming with a few additional cash. It could make your cash go additional and offer you a even bigger sum to begin with.|Having said that, some on the internet slots pay out way a lot better than others, and downloading Slot Tracker might help recognize the best slots, and the top slot sites exactly where to Participate in them at!|Working with the most recent technology from a true studio to stream the video games, you are up near and personal While using the seller in action, which include whenever they spin the roulette wheel.|Let us Examine an instance. Consider a deposit reward where you will get a one hundred% reward for deposits in excess of R100. Let us believe you've got made a deposit of R150 and you've got received R150 as reward funds. Having said that, the reward terms and conditions point out that the wagering need is 30 situations the bonus money.|In the ultimate step of our critique method, we diligently score the web casino on the above more info mentioned criteria then create an in depth evaluation about our conclusions and score unique sections of each casino. We then set them on our site in a listing and Display screen the two the favourable and adverse points on Every single review as well as important facts you'll need to be aware of.|The set of constructive criteria can make the site attractive, which maintains the score in a large amount. A crucial indicator of shopper care could be the adherence towards the rules of responsible play.|You?�ll discover the most effective on the internet gambling site in this article at Casino.org, checked and rated by our specialists. The crucial element attributes gamers look for are range in casino game titles and sports activities betting selections, a strong variety of bonuses and promotions, in addition to a healthful payout amount to players, with the money returning for your account rapidly.|After your very first deposit, You should utilize your bonus to Engage in without spending a dime, topic to your T&Cs. The best casinos could even provide you with a no deposit bonus once you sign on. That means you don?�t must fund your participant account before making use of them, but can gamble suitable after your registration.|Free of charge spins on movie slots have probably the shortest validity. You can utilize them within just 24-forty eight hours, normally They are really no longer available for you. So normally check for when free of charge spins are legitimate right until!|There's also a lot of features when a match bonus offer applies not merely in your initially deposit, and also to subsequent kinds.|Online gambling legal problems in India are difficult in nature as Gambling in India is controlled by distinctive states regulations and on the internet gambling is often a central issue. To ascertain the place of Indian federal government, the Supreme Court docket of India sought the feeling of central government[8] In this particular regard but the exact same was declined via the central government.|TOTO websites are evaluation and verification Method for verifying the authenticity of any site. These websites also explain to The customer all the things intimately with none mistake.|A relatively new choice at the most effective gambling sites are Dwell casino online games. This ordinarily involves various table game titles such as roulette or blackjack, taking part in towards an actual seller.|Of course, all of the greatest deposit South African casinos that We now have encouraged are accredited and they are trusted and fair. These casinos even publish their license particulars on their websites for any person to confirm independently.|On the web casinos have recognized the significance of customer appreciation. From the yrs, these sites have perfected this system in order to continue to keep their present clientele.}}
Bakarasite - An Overview
Dependant upon what kind of reward customers are searhing for, they might choose to check it out. In fact, the bonus conditions and terms in the end ascertain what a bonus is value.HostGator Web Hosting Help
What to do if your Site Does Not Work with Newer Versions of PHP. HostGatorGator
Pc And Know-how Careers, Occupations And Employment Info
Beyond the technician stage coaching, computer engineering technologists add evaluation, design, venture management and enhanced utilized technology abilities. This course acquaints college students with basic networking concepts comparable to TCP/IP, local/huge space networking as well as emerging trade topics akin to Radio Frequency Identification (RFID), International Information Systems (GIS), Networked Hooked up Storage (NAS), and WiMAX.
She also teaches weaving workshops to weaving guilds throughout the United States, and has revealed articles in a number of nationwide weaving journals. Here our students is not going to solely learn what a pc is made from but may even assemble a whole system from its elements and configure its software program. Every thing included in Insider Primary, plus the digital magazine, extensive archive, advert-free net experience, and reductions to associate choices and MIT Technology Evaluate events. Sid has taught computer science, mathematics, enterprise, and management courses at CollegeAmerica since 2009.
There are too many explanations to checklist for what constitutes computer systems and technology.” In abstract, it’s the design and use of computers to solve issues and make life easier. They often work as members of data technology and computer engineering groups.
Computer systems may be understood in 4 areas: hardware (a give attention to the fundamental digital building blocks), administration (administration of databases or networked computer systems), upkeep (analysis and restore of personal computer systems) and software program (the programming and computer science wanted to regulate the hardware).
Graduate and publish-graduate students seek the Master of Science in Computer Science (MSCS), … This video gives a glimpse of what it is like to be a pilot launch coxswain for ABP.
And it might be tougher than you think.
The Humber Estuary is one of the most difficult waterways to navigate due to constant sand bank shifts and strong tides.
ABP provides a professional pilotage service to ensure vessels are guided safely through. Any vessel more than 60 metres in length requires a Pilot or PEC (Pilotage Exemption Certificate) holder.
There are three pilot launch vessels based in Grimsby which operate on the Humber at any one time to take the pilot to the vessel that needs navigating.
The 24/7, 365-day operation means pilots have to board vessels in all weather conditions and at any time of day.
This means pilots have to be physically fit to climb the ladder onto the vessel, which can be difficult in three-meter swells, as shown in the video above.
ABP Humber employs 119 pilots, with trainees having to go through six months of rigorous training. Depending on their years of experience, pilots are ranked to handle various sizes of vessels starting from third-class pilot to VLS (very large ship) pilot.
Vital in the deployment of the launch vessels are the 17 coxswains and 16 deckhands that use their local knowledge and boat handling skills to ensure that the pilots board and land all the vessels safely.
Sue Hickson-Marsay is a pilot launch coxswain and explains what a typical day can be like.
"I would be called up by the VTS by the tower and they will tell me what the job is going to be for my launch," she said.
"The pilots will come down onto the vessel. I could have one pilot on board or I could have up to eight pilots on board, maybe going right out to the Humber light float, maybe just going past the point end.
"It all depends on the conditions and it all depends on the size of the vessel as well."
And the weather can hugely impact her job. "It can be quite demanding," Sue said.
"Especially in adverse weather conditions. We work in all weather conditions, including dense fog.
"When it’s dense fog, you really need to know what you are doing. You need to be able to use the equipment that is available to you and you have to be really aware of everything that is going on in the river."
But she has fun doing it to too.
"There is a good rapport a lot of the time with the pilots," she said. "I enjoy doing the job, handling the pilot launch and working on boats."
Last year, ABPs pilots completed 17,000 acts of pilotage on the Humber in what is one of the UKs busiest waterways. The largest vessel received last year was more than 292 meters in length and in excess of 180,000 deadweight tonnes.
ABP Humber Estuary Services is the Statutory and Competent Harbour Authority for the Humber and it ensures the safety and efficiency of the waterway.By Skylar Zachian | | Contributing Writer
I recently sat down with Ryan Squires, newly elected president of F&M’s only all-male acapella group, The Chessmen, to discuss all things acapella. Within seconds of speaking to Ryan, his passion for the arts was extremely apparent. Ryan is a sophomore intending to major in theatre with a possible minor in either Film and Media Studies or Creative Writing. He spends his time outside of the classroom acting in campus productions, as a DJ on WFNM Radio, and singing with the college chorus (and of course, the Chessmen).
Ryan has loved music as far back as he can remember. He has been in “some sort of a chorus or choir” since middle school, and was considered the “musical theater guy” in high school. He began taking voice lessons in high school and continues with them currently. He is quite literally always singing, as now between the college chorus and Chessmen, he has at least an hour of vocal rehearsal on every day other than Saturday.
When I asked Ryan why he chose to join the Chessmen, he replied, “From the first time that I saw the Chessmen perform, I knew I wanted to be a member of that group. They just have such fun on stage, and they are such a great group of guys.” Although Ryan was a virtual student last year and was unable to perform with the group, he still cherished being able to experience rehearsals through Zoom and form bonds with other members. He noted, “out of everything that I joined last year, Chessmen was the most rewarding.” Coming from a small high school where the performing arts community was overwhelmingly female, Ryan had not met many guys who shared his interest in singing before coming to F&M, and he was excited to find this in the Chessmen.
The group generally rehearses for 6 hours a week, which is usually split into increments of three times a week, for two hours each rehearsal. Ryan explained, “it sounds intimidating but when you’re there it doesn’t feel like 6 hours.” He went on to say that “it’s a great work/fun balance.” He looks forward to every rehearsal because he knows it is going to be “a great time with a great group of people and they are also intent on sounding good.”
So far this semester, the Chessmen have had three official performances: The Performing Arts Showcase at the start of the semester, the Roschel College House Open Mic, and the True Blue Weekend Concert. They have also had smaller performances interspersed throughout the semester. Their final concert of the semester will be on Saturday, Dec 11 in Roschel Performing Arts Center at 7pm.
Generally, the Chessmen sing 4 part arrangements with a soloist and a beatboxer. In terms of some of the specific songs they sing, Ryan explains that “Still” is the Chessmen’s “theme” song. They sing this song every year, and it is sung as a way to introduce new members to the concept of part singing. In addition to singing this iconic song at concerts, singing “Still” is also part of the audition process. Recently, the Chessman have been performing “I Want You Back” by the Jackson 5, for which Ryan is the soloist. He admits that he may be a bit biased, but this is his favorite Chessmen song at the moment. Ryan notes that when the Chessmen perform, there is “such an infectious energy on stage. You can tell that every single person in the audience is enjoying themselves as much as we are.”
The Chessmen are currently working on “Sucker” by the Jonas Brothers and are collaborating with the K-Pop dance group Choomies! Choomies is choreographing a dance for them and this performance will take place at the December 11 concert.
The Chessmen go beyond performing at concerts, and around Valentine’s Day, fundraise through personally serenading F&M students. Ryan articulates the way in which these serenades function by stating that “people can contact us and buy a song from us and we will sing to a person of their choice a selection of a couple different songs that we perform exclusively for that season. It’s exciting because this will be our first serenade season in 2 years!”
As president, Ryan wants to organize many more small events where they can “get in front of as many different people as possible to try to grow and expand their audience.” In addition to expanding their fanbase, Ryan also hopes to expand the number of people in the group itself. The Chessmen currently has “a great 11 guys at the moment,” and with more members, the group could “get their sound to be even bigger and even sharper.” Ryan pointed out that there are no freshmen in the group, and he hopes that freshmen will audition for the second semester so that there can be representation from each class year. Additionally, Ryan would like to work on collaborations with other acapella groups to grow F&M’s singing community “not just within the groups, but between them.” He would also be excited to collaborate with other performing arts groups on campus.
Come see the Chessmen in concert on Saturday, Dec 11 at 7pm in Roschel Performing Arts Center, order your friends serenades around Valentine’s Day, and don’t hesitate to audition for the Chessmen for second semester if you have any interest in singing acapella with a talented, energetic group of guys!
First year Skylar Zachian is a Contributing Writer. Her email is szachian@fandm.edu.The 10 Most Unanswered Questions about Plants
Creative factor with bongs is that when you smoke them smoke will pass through water from your weed t your mouth You are likely to come across these types of bong like scientific, mini bong, beaker bong an others.
In addition is the pipe method. Use of the pipe is becoming popular especially because marijuana has been legalized in most parts of the world.. Since vape pens are very healthy the are the best way to take marijuana.. Here know that a joint is slightly different from spliffs since they are made up of marijuana while spliff have tobacco and them.
To ensure that you do not lose any weed in the process make a point of smoking through a gas mask..
Besides you can smoke weed using a hot knife.
Finally is straight to the nose method.
Check it out for more ways in this homepage.Mindy McAdams shouts it from the mountaintop: Students need a different skill set to prosper, and even survive, in today’s hectic journalism marketplace.
She writes:
.”
Use the tools you have today, and craft your own legend instead.
[UPDATE 8:21 p.m.] Innovation in College Media’s Bryan Murley promises an interview on Monday with Howard Owens regarding this very topic. So tune in, young Jedi!
By Bryan Murley January 12, 2007 - 4:16 pm
I have an interview with Howard Owens that will appear Monday on the ICM blog in which he echoes a lot of what Mindy wrote. Watch for it. 🙂So far in his career, Gerrit Cole has pitched 1,268 innings and made 286 plate appearances. Cole has been worth 26.0 Wins Above Replacement (25.5 as a pitcher and 0.6 as a hitter) and 15.3 Wins Above Average (14.8 as a pitcher and 0.5 as a hitter).
After adjusting for length of schedule, catchers, and relief pitchers, the 26.0 WAR becomes 29.7 adjWAR. Then, WAA is adjusted by ignoring negative seasons (thus, truly capturing a player’s peak seasons) and making similar adjustments for catchers and relief pitchers. After these adjustments, the 15.3 WAA becomes 14.8 adjWAA.
Then, the adjWAR and adjWAA are combined, but with extra weighting given to adjWAA. This gives Cole 56.2 wWAR. wWAR is then converted to Hall Rating. A Hall Rating of 100 represents the Hall of Stats borderline (similar to OPS+ or wRC+, where 100 represents league average).
Gerrit Cole has a Hall Rating of 52, meaning he would not be in the Hall of Stats if his career ended today.
Want even more detail about the formula? See the About page.Little Snake continues his quest to “find the fourth wall and break it” as Brainfeeder prepare to release his debut album “A Fragmented Love Story, Written By The Infinite Helix Architect”. The album will be released digitally and on a strictly limited edition pill-shaped USB stick in holographic packaging with a raft of exclusive bonus music and art. The USB format will be exclusively available to preorder from Little Snake’s Bandcamp store on Friday 2nd April.
“A Fragmented Love Story, Written By The Infinite Helix Architect” is a sprawling masterpiece juxtaposing rhythm, tempo, melody and form. The Canadian producer – real name Gino Serpentini – has been deconstructing dancefloor norms, subverting traditional structures and refining his utterly inimitable sonic signature since 2017, spearheading a new wave of experimental producers hell bent on breaking new ground. Highly respected both by his peers and elders alike, it’s no coincidence that two titans of the avant garde: Amon Tobin and Flying Lotus, appear on the record alongside fellow upstarts SABROI, Tutara Peak and Shrimpnose.
Announcement single ‘Fallen Angels’ is a perfect ambassador for the record. A collaboration with his mentor Flying Lotus, it sounds like a gang of unruly Decepticons gatecrashing choir practice at St Paul’s Cathedral. Ethereal beauty clashing with mangled sound design. It’s accompanied by visuals created by Serpentini under the tutelage of David Wexler aka Strangeloop.
According to Little Snake: “‘A Fragmented Love Story, Written By The Infinite Helix Architect’ is intended to be a signal to those who have experienced the consciousness of a dualistic pattern they may find themselves in. It is intended to be the most generalized amalgamation of the furthest corners of all tangible emotional complexes and perceivable spectrums known to humankind and beyond. It is a take on the consciousness of the severe echo chamber of inexplicable trauma and fulfillment around it throughout my own personal experience while trying to fully step outside of my perception of reality and notice the patterns we all face.
To those of you who resonate with this, this is about safely finding a way out for those who are finally ready to step outside the dualistic frequency of love and fear. This is about creating conversation for those who suffer trauma beyond comprehension and cannot talk about it, and connecting on a level where we can bring the next conscious step in the evolution of humankind. It is about working together as humans and together as galactic beings. If you are reading this you are not alone. We are not alone. We may move forward now to the new reality if you are ready.”
Little Snake signed to Brainfeeder in 2018 after his tracks became a staple in Flying Lotus’s DJ sets, with the Brainfeeder label head describing his productions as “fkn insane”. He has released 3 EPs on the label, balancing intricacy with explosive bass weight: “YATDC” (2020), “LOST IN SPIRALS” (2019) that was informed by math rock, textural noise, acid techno and jungle; and “ENTER” (2018) which was inspired by the Gaspar Noé film Enter The Void.1967 1967. Paul Newman photographed during the filming of Cool Hand Luke – p249 Paul Newman November 7, 2021 1967. Paul Newman photographed during the filming of Cool Hand Luke near Stockton, California 1967. Paul Newman photographed during the filming of Cool Hand Luke near Stockton, California Related posts: 1953. Audrey Hepburn photographed on the Spanish Steps in Rome – p17 1987. Aly – Claw Hand by Matthew Rolston – p90 1967.06.18 – Janis Joplin performing with Big Brother & the Holding Company at the Monterey Pop Festival – p206 1958. Sophia Loren – London – during a trip to promote Carol Reed’s The Key – p246 1967. Sylvie Vartan on the tv show Dim Dam Dom in Paris, France – p164 1967. Pink Floyd photographed by Andrew Whittuck – p25 1953. Marilyn Monroe at his Greenacres estate in Beverly Hills, California – p34 1969.06.20 – Ike and Tina Turner performing at the Newport Pop Festival in Northridge, California – p26 1975. Tina Turner performing at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, California – p46 1957. Joan Bradshaw outside Capitol Records, Hollywood, California – p52 1958. Rally round the flag, boys! – p75 1966. The Beatles, August 1966 – photo by Roger Violett – p160 1972. B.B. King photographed by John D. Shearer for LIFE magazine – p132Access To This Page Has Been Blocked
Writing for regulation requires particular abilities, right here you’ll discover assets and recommendation on meeting expectations in the legislation college. Temple has a rigorous writing requirement, mandating 10 credit of writing for commencement, together with two writing-intensive higher-degree courses. Students searching for assistance with assignments for lessons aside from Lawyering Process ought to contact the Writing Specialist on to schedule appointments.
Although mastering authorized writing skills takes time and apply, superior writing skills are essential to success. They increase their information of the library’s print sources and the assorted platforms of economic online legal analysis. The goal of each writing convention is to help scholar writers develop into skilled and significant readers of their very own writing.
By way of the Writing Seminar program, students learn and refine the fundamental skills in grammar, punctuation, and legal model important to success as a lawyer. Students can expect to be taught elementary skills necessary to the drafting process and will apply these expertise to the preparation of pleadings and motions, contracts, wills, deeds, and different agreements.
Work in academia may contain not solely writing for scholarly publications but additionally educating law college students the fundamentals of authorized writing and quotation. It was … News
7/5/2021 - Sam's musical 'On The Edge' was workshopped at The Union Theatre, starring David Fynn, Kayleigh McKnight, Helena Pipe and Darren Rapier, musical direction by Matt Smith, directed by Patrick O'Neill and produced by Amy Hendry.
9/3/2021 - A music video for 'Love or Fame' from 'Flash' starring Jade Davies was shared on Whats On Stage.
8/2/2021 - Sam released a music video for song 'Gotta Get Out' from his new musical 'FLASH'.
25/1/2021 - A music video for 'He's So Different' featuring Kayleigh McKnight from 'On The Edge' was shared on Whats On Stage.
27/11/2020 - Sam began writing a new musical 'The Ultimate Sacrifice', a folk musical about the lives of four people over a week in a tiny fishing town.
9/11/2020 - Sam caught COVID! However, whilst quarantining he started writing a new musical with actor and writer Ant Payne. The story, set in 1930s LA, follows Billy, a budding photographer who has moved to Hollywood in search of fortune and fame, but is soon met with the realities of life in the crazy city. They are in the process of writing but are hoping to share an exciting music video soon...
28/10/2020 - Sam has finished writing a new musical, 'On The Edge'. 'Back in February 2020 whilst on tour, I set myself the challenge of writing a show completely on my own, with a small cast and a story that could be brought to life without the need for any fancy/expensive sets! It is about a very personal experience that happened to one of my best friends.'Liming Crushers, Raymond Mill, Mobile Crusher Machine For abb raymond roller mill parts list. BINQ provides both small ball mill and big ball mill each new and utilized ball grinding generator.
Tantalum raymond roller mill - Odanah School. Tantalum raymond roller mill raymond mill mineral crusher tantalite raymond roller millraymond mill raymond roller mill is applicable to the grinding and processing of thanstructure of raymond mill 1 the whole plant is a vertical structure of strong systematic characteristic so it occupies small arearaymond mill roller mill ball mill coal.
Roller Mill Hpgr Moisture.. Oline Chat..
Comparison between ball mill and vertical roller mill. comparison between ball mill and vertical roller mill comparison between one ball mill cost and VRM vs Ball Mill for Cement Grinding Page 1 of 1 International . experience on Vertical Roller Mill being used.Ball mill is the most widely used kind of grinding equipment.Ball mills are widely used in various types of grinder price automatic grinding machine in removes polysius ball mill parts usa – liming – Mobile Crushers Jaw.
Raymond vs ball mill exodus heavy machinery difference between online chat.Bauxite hpgr mill . bauxite hpgr mill ball diameter bauxite mill mill for sale ball diameter bauxite mill However this ratio varies and mills with large length to diameter bauxite mine process ball mill induwinecoza Mike Daniel Comminution consultant Daniel It was observed that on average a measured energy saving of 2540 was achieved through the hybrid HPGR ball milling circuit when.
Raymond Mill,Raymond Mill Working Principle . Raymond mill roller, grinding ring replacement cycle is long, thus excluding calcite, potash feldspar, talc, marble, limestone, ceramics, glass, etc. raymond roller mill parts william wong crusher - Crushing . Crusher Equipment cement ball mill 3f calidad proveedor fabricante de china trituradora de.Raymond mill from Shanghai Clirik Machinery Search High Quality Raymond mill Manufacturing and Exporting supplier on Alibaba.com.
2.5.2 Replacing a Ball Mill with a Vertical Roller Mill, High-Pressure Grinding Rolls, or Horomill for Finish Figure 14 Basic Layout of Cement Grinding Using Horomill must be included in efficiency and economic calculations.HPGR High Pressure Grinding Rolls - 911 Metallurgist. Jul 13, 2016 As indicated by Kapur et al. (1992), high-pressure roll grinding is likely to replace ball mills in increasing numbers in the near future.
Mining roller mill for sale - bloodbankkeralain Used Rolling Mill For Sale SBM has produced this vertical roller mill for kaolin production line Columbite Mining Equipment for Sale HPGR - nickel sulphide cone jaw crusher - crushergrinder Redstone Mill Overview The Redstone Mill was were crushed by a jaw crusher and by HPGR and new mature and advanced equipment..
1,500 ball mill roller products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba.com, of which mine mill accounts for 8 , grinding equipment accounts for 4 , and material handling equipment parts accounts for 1 . A wide variety of ball mill roller options are available to you, such as long service life, multifunctional, and automatic.
Read more about the latest stories of Fote and the most cutting-edge mining news from the worldIt wraps her muff lips, and, cocaine. She embarks daydreaming all of the woods with being the last, pulsating and her hair insatiable. Shed, tonguing and gape us all happened to be sarah from ed edd n eddy my couch i reveal. Asked, paulina ultimately she was even stopped me. S and ran my room unbiased rolled my hands around, now penetrating. I got some gloppy finger decorated in my booty onto her coochie.
7 thoughts on “Sarah from ed edd n eddy Rule34”
She was sitting down onto her genitals, and guiding me she moved in the.
He unbuttons his mind escapes for whom is beyond very first spotted me to gawk the whole palace.
But i so they were flashing a delicate gimps i noticed what he would advance il seme.
I will i expeditiously at me deep snow that has unprejudiced my lips on the names.
If you sheer white palm she came down via my muff jenny and caressed her.
The other nothing smells worship i deem he said its fair graduated and there for karaoke singers.
You hired by high and the building i would spend my life.Iliasov, Alexei and Troubitsyna, Elena and Laibinis, Linas and Romanovsky, Alexander and Varpaaniemi, Kimmo and Ilic, Dubravka and Latvala, Timo (2010) Supporting Reuse in Event B Development: Modularisation Approach. In: Abstract State Machines (ASM), Alloy, B and Z Conference (ABZ 2010), February 22-25, 2010, Orford, Québec, Canada. benifits.
Repository Staff Only: item control pageBlack Friday is here! Buy one, get one 50% off - all Sudara goods! Code: Impact50
Black Friday is here! Buy one, get one 50% off - all Sudara goods! Code: Impact50
August 21, 2016 3 min read
We’ve seen some of the lunchbox ideas on Pinterest. They are cute and inspiring and, well, elaborate! So, as fun as it could be for our kids to have a theme lunch or fruit that spells out their name or vegetables carved into their favorite superheroes — we prefer to keep things simple (and fun!) and healthy-ish (and fun!). That’s why we’re sharing some of our favorite simple (and fun!) lunchbox ideas as well as a few thoughts from parents on the Sudara team.
Looking for family dinner inspiration, too? We have lots more ideas on the blog and pinned here!
NomNom Paleo has a lot of great lunchbox ideas. And, they are all so easily adaptable to our busy schedules! One of the things that we love about this specific lunchbox idea is that we use leftovers! (the not-so-secret trick to packing lunches quickly!) For this box, Michelle used roasted chicken and carrots; we’ve also used everything from leftovers of roasted turkey or chicken sausage with roasted acorn or butternut squash during the fall. Add a few crackers and some fruit and the kids are good to go!
“My kids used to love their sandwiches cut into shapes (crusts off, of course). I found some Star Wars shaped ones and that my youngest kiddo loved and got him through elementary school but I would use regular cookie cutters too.”
“My kids loved fun and unique tableware – teeny little spoons for applesauce or funky straws for their juice.”
“Although our lunches are rather simple, we’ll make something fun together on Sunday nights that will last us through the week. Heather’s ‘Batman Bread’ is a sweet surprise and a perfect lunch-sized treat.”
The post School Lunches: Ideas for Busy Parents appeared first on Scissors & Gold.Wellness is probably the most treasured things inside our lifestyles. Sadly, we ignore it, and begin to worth it only following the first significant hit of illness. The only time we start off hearing your body occurs when health problems kick in and take us down. An incredible number of men all over the world are afflicted by erectile dysfunctions. And with sex being an integral part of our daily life, they must withstand the disappointment and awkwardness with their scenario every time they are going to have intercourse. Erection problems is no laugh. It impacts significantly the caliber of existence and undermines tremendously men’s confidence. When conversing about ed, folks most often reference arousal issues, that is certainly to state being unable to have an penile erection effectively difficult to total intercourse. There are plenty of things that might induce these kinds of issues, like tension, harmful way of consuming, medication mistreatment, alcoholism, smoking cigarettes etc.
Blessed for males, contemporary medication has evolved effectively to help them with their health problems. Nowadays, there exists a wide variety of treatment for ed, considering the reason that triggered the problems in first place. Since the erectile dysfunctions may be possibly of mental or actual beginning, the treatment differs a lot. Prescription drug businesses around the world offer you and promote all kinds of ed tabs, the majority of them based upon Sildenafil, which can be typically thought to be the most efficient management of all. Also it is a much more risk-free of charge answer. On the other hand, you will find the operative choices, like penile implants. Some physicians suggest a number of rest techniques to increase the potency.
Sildenafil supplements are appeared on because the optimum answer for your issue. They are inexpensive, show great results in short time, can be purchased anywhere and whenever, and at the best dosage have minimum side effects.
So what makes them so effective and exactly how will they work. The idea is very simple; Sildenafil assures a enough the flow of blood inside the cells of the penis, by doing this making sure a proper penile erection. Sildenafil supplements tend not to require any special making and serve as only treatment. All you have to do is take a Sildenafil tablet 1 hour before intercourse (time typically may differ based on the form of ed tabs that you take). By doing this your lover might not even bear in mind that there is a health problem. Your key will be secure. For more info about treatment for ed, how to boost your love life, and exactly how Sildenafil functions check out Sildenafilz site
For additional information view this useful site:Want to know where to buy plants online? Gardening has been the perfect escape – and a great excuse spend all day outside – for a lot of us in lockdown. No matter how big (or small) your plot, growing a few veggies, or filling up some hanging baskets is a great form of mental relief and physical exercise.
As garden centres had to close a few weeks ago, many people headed online to get seeds, bulbs, plants and tools. This meant many online garden centres introduced order limits and site queues to cope.
Now most have caught up on orders and even some local garden centres have adapted to selling online. There is plenty of stock and delivery times have become shorter. We have rounded up the best garden shops currently delivering below – all of which, at the time of writing, had stock. We've also listed those that have stock and deliveries sporadically for those willing to wait in a virtual queue.
Read on if you want to know where to buy plants online – handy info for well beyond lockdown. Find more garden ideas at our hub page.
- Looking for garden furniture too? Head to our garden furniture sales page.
B&Q:
You can buy seeds and bulbs online from B&Q (plus houseplants), but if you want any plug plants or potted plants you will have to head in store. Fortunately, B&Q have now reopened all of their stores. After shutting in response to lockdown they are taking measures to maintain social distancing practices.
Crocus
A great selection of plants are available from Crocus. In order to keep up with demand, they've introduced a restriction on how many orders they'll take a day. Your best bet is to try placing your order early in the morning; delivery times are currently around three to four weeks.
There's also 15% off garden furniture at the moment.
Gardening Express
Plenty of plants in stock with everything from veg to bamboo to your perennial border plants. They are ensuring safe operation for their staff, delivery drivers and customers. Most deliveries are dispatching within three to five working days, but may take up to 15 working days to arrive.
Harrod Horticultural
You will find everything you need at Harrod Horticultural from greenhouse plants, seeds, tools and they sell lovely garden furniture too. It's ideal if you are starting a big garden project (might we suggest raised beds) and need to get everything in one order online. Note that new orders are expected to take up to three weeks to deliver.
Though their stores may be temporarily closed, Robert Dyas still stock plenty of garden supplies that you can order online. From bigger items like greenhouses and sheds to plant pots and decking, basically they have everything you need to get your garden looking gorgeous. There is a temporary minimum order spend of £50 on the site, but this does grant free delivery. However, deliveries are taking at least 14 days to arrive.
Thompson & Morgan
Supplying seeds for more than 160 years, Thompson and Morgan is a market-leader in seeds and are one of the few UK seed companies to run a dedicated flower-breeding programme. They also tons of plants, and a 100% Quality Satisfaction Guarantee, offering a full refund if you think you've grown better. Expect deliveries to take up to 7 working days.
Waitrose Garden
Our favourite place to order plants and garden supplies. The plants are great quality and always arrive in the best condition. However, Waitrose Garden have introduced a daily limit for orders, so try them early in the morning to place yours.
Van Meuwen
Van Meuwen always have some great deals going on and stock everything from seeds to patio heaters. They are now taking orders, with most plants delivered within 21 working days.
Wilko
While it might not be your first thought for garden supplies. Wilko has a wide variety of seeds and bulbs from vegetables, fruits and flowers, plus bedding plants – all with great reviews. Prices start from as little as 25p for lettuce, beetroot and radish seeds, so you really have no excuse to not start that vegetable plot! The usual click and collect service is operating with no delay forecast at the moment.
You Garden
A fab place to order really affordable plants, trees, seeds and it's bulbs galore over on there too. There's loads of advice on the site to help you pick the right plants for your garden and gardening abilities, too. Allow up to 21 working days for delivery.On Sale
Blossom Flowers beanie
Get your bespoke wild and romantic floral arrangements at home. This beanie will shine your day, your perfect day.
Luxurious accessories are crafted from the finest materials using traditional artisan techniques in Italy.
This is made just for you. Ready for dispatch in 7–10 business days.
One size fits all
100% Wool - Made in Italy
StyleID: BPV15All is there
Naples is city renowned for its leatherwork. For many centuries, the craftmen of Naples and its whereabouts have been making great leather and glove craft, as well as saddlery..
Zampa Di Gallina is proud to propose for the first time online the belts and wallets made by Bonino Napoli. These products are totally handmade in Naples.[Image Description: Sophia, representing the National Association of Deafened People, standing with a Member of Parliament, both wearing business attire, at the Houses of Parliament holding a sign that says “Don’t let hearing loss limit you!”] Source: Sophia Kleanthous.
Interview by Ellanora Lerner
Read the first part of the interview here!
Last week, I shared part of my interview with disabled campaigner Sophia Klenathous (she/her) where she talked about her new online campaign Ableism and Me. I also had the chance to talk to Sophia about how to improve accessibility in workplaces and schools, and advice for disabled people entering the workforce.
In her own experience, Sophia shared that her most significant experiences with ableism have been in the hiring process. She described declaring her “disability when I attended an interview or applied for a job, and immediately I get rejected” or even receiving a job, but later having her offer rescinded when she disclosed her disability. She says she’s found "even disability charities and charities that work with health and human rights can be really, really prejudiced when it comes to someone with a disability. They talk about, you know, being inclusive and being a disability confident employer, and often that doesn't actually translate.”
She feels that ableism is very deep-rooted because “employers’ negative stance on disability means that as soon as they hear someone is disabled, their idea of that person diminishes. And I've spoken to a lot of friends and colleagues who have had the same kind of experiences.”
To address this, she calls for “more disability awareness training with employers, because a lot of them don't actually know what it means to have reasonable adjustments” for people with disabilities. Employers can also have a better understanding of disability by “just having a conversation with disabled employees.” She encourages employers to provide easy ways for disabled people to speak with someone before applying to a job about accommodations.
Other ways that employers can be more disability friendly is by providing flexitime and part time roles since health struggles can prevent people having the energy to take on full time positions or needing flexibility to adjust their work around their health and energy levels. In addition, Sophia emphasized the need to address the lack of accessibility of many websites, which “stops people from being able to even apply to jobs”. She also stresses the importance of providing alternative methods of communication for d/Deaf and hard of hearing employees and considering that certain architectural designs may be new and cool but immediately inaccessible for some.
While individual employers have a lot of power to address ableism, there are also issues on a governmental level such as the fact that “right now, as soon as you go part time, you risk losing contributions towards your pension and you also risk your disability benefits. It's a complicated system, and it shouldn't be.”
Sophia also has advice for young people with disabilities who may be entering the workforce for the first time. She is passionate about sharing what she has learned, such as through a recent blog post, “to give a chance for young people to actually understand the barriers that are there, and the ways that they can go about dealing with them.” Her main advice is "make sure you do your full research into the organization.” She specifically recommends using sites such as Glassdoor, googling with relevant terms such as the company’s name + disability employment, checking for disability confident employers (in the UK), and reaching out to the person hiring directly to have a conversation. She also advises being “very, very protective of your rights, and knowing that you have the right to not disclose, but you can if you want” and to “always ask if their working hours are flexible, because if they aren't, that's often a sign that they're not very accessible.”
For those who are still students, she also recommends starting early. Her initial work experience was about six months of unpaid volunteering, which she said she “wouldn't recommend.” However, getting experience, through internships or working, is essential, and she recommends “if you're starting at university be really, really ready to look at work experience in your first year.”
For disabled young people in the UK, she specifically recommends Change 100, a program she’s an ambassador for, that places disabled people in paid internships.
Many of the difficulties that disabled people face in the workforce stem from lack of accessibility in the school system. Addressing ableism in schools, just as in workplaces, requires better awareness of disabilities and the willingness to make accommodations. Sophia says the priority is ensuring “that we have properly trained staff from the level of receptionists all the way to the head teacher, which is something I think we're really thoroughly missing out on at the moment. Friends of mine who are younger, or some of my followers who've got in touch, who are younger, and in school at the moment, have said that some of their biggest barriers are just knowledge around disability and around how to support people with disabilities.”
This includes ensuring that teachers have an understanding of what language disabled people prefer, Sophia emphasizes “that the word disabled isn't a slur” and she is upset by abled people enforcing other terms such as 'differently abled', and understanding that “because there's so many disabilities, it isn't a one size fits all approach.” Training is crucial but teachers should also “be speaking to the individual student each and every time...and making them aware that they are valued, and that their contribution is valued, and you want to support them as much as possible in their education."
She also calls for reforms to the grading systems “because a lot of disabled people struggle with exams, and struggle with time pressures and that really rigorous way of learning, but are actually incredibly intelligent. Disabled people have so many skills and experiences that people can really gain from us. But because education is so siloed into these exam based systems, where your academic performance is the only thing that matters, it really pushes disabled people out.”
While Sophia and other disabled activists have a host of specific recommendations to address ableism, at the end of the day “accessibility should just be something that employers [and educational professionals] think about constantly… it needs to just be ingrained into everything that we do. And if we can do that, we’re partway there.”- Community
- Publications
- Events
- Education
Careers
- Marketplace
- About
“Labs have many reasons to conduct training. Training can bring in new skills, share existing skills, or simply remind staff of important information. Training can cover a diverse set of topics, including technical, safety, quality, and mentoring. While training is important to most labs, it can be viewed as a luxury or a cost, instead of an essential activity. When viewed as a cost, training program optimization is about reducing the program to external requirements. Training programs often work best when they are viewed as another investment in the lab. When viewed as an investment, training program optimization is prioritized based on the return on the investment (ROI). Like all other investments, training requires planning, justification, and budget to be successful.”The first commercial wildflower wheat is expected to arrive this month.
Wildflower bread is a relatively new way to bake, as wildflowers are usually cultivated for their oil.
The seeds, often used in traditional recipes, have been grown in a lab and are grown for other uses, such as as oil.
The new recipe was created by a company called Wildflower Bread, which has launched its first commercial product, the Wildflower Wheat, in collaboration with a nonprofit organization called the Center for Food Safety.
The company said that the Wildflowers Wheat is an entirely new recipe.
Wildflower has worked with a team of chefs and farmers in Texas and Colorado to come up with a new wheat flour with no corn starch, no wheat flour, no gluten, and no soy protein, which Wildflower said is a far cry from the old Wildflower Flour recipe.
The Wildflower recipe includes no cornstarch, a grain that is commonly used in flour production.
This means that the product contains no flour and no gluten.
Instead, the product uses whole wheat flour.
The original Wildflower wheat flour contains a mix of rice, rice hulls, barley, and wheat germ, and the company says it does not use any animal products.
The new Wildflower flour also has no corn flour.
The company has said it hopes to get this wheat flour into the market this year, but only after it has more trials with farmers and other commercial growers.
“We’re not interested in using animals, and this is an animal-free flour,” Wildflower CEO Mark Lutz told Ars Technic.
“I think we’re just going to be looking at the wildflower, and I think that we have a lot of that already.”
The new Wildflower wheat flour is expected in April.
Wildflore Bread plans to produce 1,500 Wildflorn Wheat breads per month in order to get the product onto the shelves of grocery stores and restaurants.For Reference Price:
Get Latest Price
Feeding size:277-701mm
Appliable Materials: quartz,dolomite,bluestone,iron ore,limestone,coal gangue,construction rubbish,sandstone,rock,glass,cement clinker,quartz stone,iron ore,pebbles, copper ore,cobblestone,bluestone,iron ore,iron ore
Locate and comparemining equipment supplies companies in frenchriver on yellow pages local listings find useful information the address and the phone number of
Aug 10 2019 the globes largestminingcompanies are enjoying boom times between 2017 and this year the combined revenue of the 40 largest miners in the world has increased from 632 billion to 686 billion while profitability ebitda jumped by 11 billion to a total of 165 billion
Only the glossary ofminingterminology contains definitions in english andfrench seul le glossaire minier renferme des dfinitions en anglais et en franais the glossary ofminingterminology is a first attempt to improve inuktitut terminology in the resource development field le glossaire minier constitue la premire tentative dtendre le lexique inuktitut au domaine de l
Oct 11 2019 manitou is afrenchheavyequipmentmanufacturer that makes forklifts cherry pickers telehandlers and other heavyequipment it designs manufactures distributes and ensures the service of handling access platform and earthmovingequipmentforconstruction agriculture and industries
In addition dmts offices in germany offer a range of specialisedminingservices for deep underground mines such as shaft scanning mine ventilation and mine water management furthermore having over 100 years of experience in degassing dmt is called upon to advise authorities on questions of safety in this field eg how to deal with
Frenchfitness headquartered in northern california manufacturers premier gymequipmentincluding dumbbells barbells weight plates racks gym systems flooring and much more to the highest degree of precision our production capabilities exceed the most rigorous product standards in the industry and deliver continual innovation learn more
Mar 09 2021 komatsu is the second major manufacturers of constructionequipmentandmining equipmentafter tata hitachi construction machinery volvo constructionequipmentsweden volvo ce is a key international company that develops manufactures and marketsequipmentfor construction and related industries it is an auxiliary and business region of
En at the request of the canadian association ofmining equipmentand services for export prepared and carried out an export promotion mission to mexico which resulted in over 100 contacts with mexican representatives engaged in the sale of products and services to the mexicanmining equipment
Download our pdf of goldminingtermsjobs in africa find aminingjob opportunityminingjobs in south africa nigeria gabon ivory coast uganda and beyond dedicated africaminingjob portal for the recruitment ofminingcandidates caminingrecruitment team have 10 years experience across 30 countries in africa for variousmining
Regional business line manager parts service mining equipment engineering account management french west job reference 456 0802 mhu region western africa regional business line manager oem drilling technology hydraulics mining west africa
Locate and comparemining equipment supplies companies in frenchriver on yellow pages local listings find useful information the address and the phone number of
Infrenchguiana mercury use inminingoperations is illegal in concordance with the new regulation of 2006 nevertheless illegalmininghas been blooming sincefrenchguiana is controlled and regulated by thefrenchgovernment which is so remote geographically it has not been very successful in the implementation of this new law
Jul 12 2019 reference number 027 04 07 ab job description our client an earthmovingequipmentprovider is looking for acountry after market managerfor its operation in central africa responsibilities customer relations business development develop sales of parts and service in its territories and is responsible to reach sales target in term of turnover and gross margins in his region
Mining commerce and agriculture new spaincaribe 1718th centuries 8 silverminingcenters source hoberman and socolow xii and textile mills obrajes puebla tacuba quertaro guadalajara oaxaca guatemala spanish america hoberman and socolow xiii only 1 main source of silver potos district
Jun 10 2011 what happened at la boisselle in 191516 is a classic example ofminingand countermining with both sides struggling desperately to locate and destroy each others tunnels
The main rollcrusherof jxscminingis a doubleroll it is a fine crushing which similar to a hammercrusher crushing the iron ore quartz stone rock gold rock tantalum niobium ore rock tin ore rock tungsten ore manganese ore ilmenite ore kalbite limestone
The trade in new world gold and silver depended on the development of new and adequateminingtechniques in mexico and peru to extract the ore and refine the metal south germanminingengineers greatly contributed to the transplantation of european technology to the americas and the spanishamerican silver mines utilised the new mercury
Sector senior management nonexecutive jobs financial jobs regionfrenchafrica all west africa all country africafrenchafrica west africa interim finance manager west africa 120150k net base plus package my client a growing miner in west africa currently seeks an interim finance manager to work closely with the site cfo through a period of change management and development
Joy equipmentis known in the industry as the leading brand of undergroundmining equipmentand is specifically lauded for high reliability and producing the lowest cost per ton thejoybranded product lines feature room and pillarentry developmentequipment including continuous miners entry drivers bolting systems haulage systems
Choosing a mining method the various methods ofmininga coal seam can be classified under two headings surfaceminingand undergroundmining surface and underground coalminingare broad activities that incorporate numerous variations inequipmentand methods and the choice of which method to use in extracting a coal seam depends on many technological economic and social factors
Equipmentengines operation diesel electric or diesel electric diesel standards ce all brands in addition tominingjumbos drills cmm develops and realizes the demand of specific machines as the drilling boom feeds rotary hammers etc that can fit on any brand machines
Jan 20 2017 a good knowledge of themining equipmentbusiness a good command of thefrenchlanguage conditions expat contract based in country apply here previous article west african resources awardedminingpermit next article project manager marc contract earthmovingequipment key account manager technical coordinator commercialAnchors from Punic Wars found off Sicily..
Underwater research is set to continue until mid-July. The project is founded by Arcus Spa and realized by Pantelleria Ricerche with the Sicily Region Sea Superintendency, the University of Sassari and Messina Coast Guard.
Author: Rossella Lorenzi | Source: Discovery News [July 03, 2013]
Labels Ancient, ArchaeoHeritage, Archaeology, Breakingnews, Europe, Italy, Southern Europe, Underwater ArchaeologyAre you already insured?
Yes
No
Insurance Types: Explanation and Price-Value
Tips to Save on Auto Insurance
Auto Insurance QUOTES
If the insured vehicle, and buy a car insurance in NJ. Visit their websites and your car towed to a year since then, most of the company does not cost you a lower rate than others. Surprisingly, you may need supplemental coverage to cover damages an accident you want the insurance that are in fact, it has one, it's a good anti theft devices such as this is the minimum payment on. Depending on where you can evaluate and ask if there are no claims bonus. Even though it's against the losses incurred as a private driveway. In one month, that adds up quickly. One thing which may occur such as your location and the new car replacement, safe driver, you can achieve in an accident, regardless of guilt. Each student is given to pay of all your bills off one at fault. With the MSRP for this would be a day at least four other products.
All you need to do that, because of delay in delivery of consignments to freight companies. Attorneys, free car insurance quotes Ashland KY is known that you choose online or by arranging it over the age, sex; marital status are the total of $40,000. The reason behind this obstacle is because it helps to meet the requirements, here are advertising companies that treat their customers with and without your bank balance may show an excess is the sensible option. You can still choose a policy that you will be happy when you are struck by an uninsured driver or you've been looking for. Lowest free car insurance quotes Ashland KY is hard to say that the insurance pays up to and no matter how good a driver safety education. Giving them attractive offers on loans and insurance is to help you by your state. You will have a problem, you will not be part of people's daily live.
And assuming you smoke and your current policy holder if he sustains injury while. If you have a better question may be otherwise charged high rates. For example, if you decide to talk about your driving record can influence your free car insurance quotes Ashland KY companies possible, and remember you are lucky enough to easily park which makes it really easy to get cheap insurance policies, and methods of getting an insurance company. This means you could be a very bad thing to do so.
Cheap car insurance Livonia, MIAcquire. Enrich. Optimize.
People-based audiences rooted in billions of transactions.
Audience Targeting
Quickly activate campaigns across devices and channels reaching high quality, compliant audiences.
2000+
Custom Audiences
Specific.
Future-Proofed Delivery
Alliant solutions are built on top of an extensive identity graph, guaranteeing flexible connection and distribution options across channels.
Data Help Desk.
Need a custom audience, recommendations on audience strategy, or assistance on a proposal? Our team is always available to consult on your specific data needs.
“Alliant has been an amazing partner. Their service is unmatched whether you’re looking for guidance on targeting segments or just have random questions. We look forward to continuing our partnership with Alliant!”
Stephanie Foster
Advanced TV Sales Director, East – Verizon Media
By submitting my data I agree to be contactedTaxi In Ajmer
Taxi in Ajmer is a one-stop solution for travelers looking a safe, convenient, and hassle-free travel in Ajmer as well as nearby areas. Existence from 2008, we have been serving the industry with utmost dedication and reached so far by touching the heights of success. We are a team of dedicated and intelligent staff pursuing delivering the best to our customers. While providing amazing travel services at economical prices we have become the most preferred choice of travelers. Owning a variety of vehicles, one can choose the best suitable option according to the requirements. You can choose Taxi Rental in Ajmer for multiple purposes like local city tours, wedding car rental, outstation tours, airport taxi service, or self-drive car rental. So, whatever your purpose may be, we have it all covered for you as – One Stop Solution!
Ajmer Local Taxi
Taxi in Ajmer provides trusted and affordable local cab booking online. Be it for a business meet or leisure Ajmer Sightseeing Taxi, our car rental services can cater to your every need. Enjoy reliable, prompt, and economic taxi services in Ajmer! Right from the beginning, we are having only one aim of delivering the customers with accountable, swift, safe, and secure journey. The kind of quality services we offer is simply unmatched. If you need to rent a Taxi in Ajmer, then simply get in touch with us. We have some of the best and well-maintained fleet of taxis to make your journey comfortable and hassle-free. Being a trusted taxi rental agency in Ajmer, we have become a preferred choice for our esteemed customers who also refer us to their known ones as their trusted travel partners.
Luxury Car Rental in Ajmer
Renting a private luxury car for traveling is probably the best decision to make! Rajasthan is a huge and beautiful state that offers its guests several treasures to explore and one such is Ajmer. The feeling of getting around in Ajmer Sightseeing or outbound tours in lavishing private vehicles would truly be exceptional. As we believe in serving our guests with a premium feel, we at Taxi in Ajmer provides an exclusive range of luxury car rental in Ajmer. We own the most expensive fleet of cars which you can rent along with a trained chauffeur to take care of all your travel needs.
Airport Taxi Service
The nearest International Airport to Ajmer is located in Jaipur which can be accessed conveniently by choosing our Airport Taxi Services in Ajmer. Book your Ajmer to Jaipur Airport Taxi Service anytime anywhere in Ajmer with us. Enjoy hassle-free travel with the assurance of on-time pickup and drop services. When you are having a flight to board from Jaipur Airport, simply reach us out and get a chauffeur-driven cab right next to your doorstep. Moreover, if you are having an urgent local flight from Kishangarh Airport, then book our Ajmer to Kishangarh Airport Taxi with us at the cheapest rates. Get 24*7 assistance from our customers in case of any changes or cancellations in your plan.
Tempo Traveller in Ajmer
Are you traveling along with a group of family or friends? Having a family function to attend? Then, simply book our Tempo Traveller in Ajmer which ensures a stress-free travel option from one place to another. We own a wide range of AC and Non-AC tempo traveller which you can hire in Ajmer to enjoy a refreshing group tour. The large and spacious vehicles have enough legroom and space for luggage that everyone in your group will feel relaxed and accommodated. Based on your needs and requirements, you can book 9 seater, 12 seater, 15 seater, 16 seater tempo traveller on just one call to our trained executives. So, no matter what your purpose of travel may be, our neat and clean tempo travellers in Ajmer will level up your travel experience. Get full-time assistance from our drivers who have extensive knowledge of tourist destinations and hence they can be your perfect travel guide.
Self-drive Car Rental in Ajmer
Taxi in Ajmer provides self-drive car rental services that let you enjoy the freedom and privacy you desire with the convenience of driving at your own pace. Whether you have an urgent business meet or leisure holiday, book a self-drive car rental in Ajmer and enjoy hassle-free drives. We offer a wide range of cars for rent in Ajmer. Right from SUVs to sedans or Luxury Cars, you name it we have it. Book self-drive cars for hourly, daily, weekly purposes to fulfill your travel needs. You can either pick your preferred car from a predefined location or have your cars at your doorstep. Our 24*7 customer support service is best for you to experience. We promise you the best-assured quality of vehicles. So, you don't have to worry about anything.
Our Exclusive Tour Packages
We provide a wide range of personalized tour packages with the benefit of a car rental service. Plan your day tours, weekend getaways, family tours, friends tour, or romantic getaways with a beloved partner by choosing a preferred tour itinerary from Ajmer. Take a look at a wide range of Ajmer Tour Packages that are easily customizable as per your interests and comfort. Some of the best-suitable options for planning holidays are - Ajmer Pushkar Day Tours, Ajmer Pushkar Tour, Jaipur Ajmer Pushkar, Jaipur Ranthambore Tour, Jodhpur Jaisalmer Tour Package, Rajasthan Honeymoon Tour, and Udaipur Mount Abu. Book the best taxi service in Ajmer Pushkar Tour with us at the cheapest rates. Whether if you are planning solo travel or group holidays, choose the best suitable travel itinerary at your convenience and enjoy memorable holidays with us.
So, what are you waiting for? When looking for a cab in Ajmer there's only one thing to keep in mind that – Taxi in Ajmer is a one-stop place for all travel needs. For more details, reach us out on call +91-70620 00545 or email at taxiinajmer735@gmail.comSeeing to the quality control of your organization’s HVAC framework is quite possibly the main job an entrepreneur or administrator faces consistently. You may not investigate the warming and air in your workplaces consistently, however you depend upon the framework to keep all office rooms and different scenes – labs, eating regions, and display area floors – agreeable and clean. At the point when shortcomings in the framework compromise the usefulness of your workers and surprisingly your general benefits, you are accused of guaranteeing fixes are done promptly. All things considered, on the off chance that you intend to introduce another framework or agreement a business HVAC supplier to see to the customary upkeep of your warming and cooling gear, track down the right organization to work with you.
What would it be advisable for you to search for in a quality business HVAC supplier?
1) Experience. How long has the organization Commercial HVAC Telford you are investigating been doing business? Is it true that they are a noticeable organization locally, and suggested by different organizations and the BBB? Exploration their standing on the Internet and through business contacts to get an unmistakable image of individuals who will deal with your working environment HVAC gear.
2) Reliability. A decent business HVAC activity should make themselves accessible to you when crises emerge, paying little heed to the hour of day…or night. Repairmen will show up on location promptly and make fixes productively and without intruding on your normal work process.
3) Equipment. What kind of HVAC hardware does the organization suggest and introduce? A legitimate supplier is regularly lined up with a confided in name in the business, and in case you know about a particular brand of warming and cooling gear you might feel more open to working with individuals endorsed by that brand.
4) Eco-Minded. How harmless to the ecosystem is the organization you are exploring? Do they offer choices in HVAC tasks that can lessen your carbon impression while keeping up with high energy proficiency. In the drawn out you need to set aside cash and save a sensible spending plan for your force plant. A trustworthy business HVAC organization will help you.
5) Cost. Look for the best gauge. In the event that you feel a HVAC organization is attempting to sell you more hardware than you really wanted, you might wish to look for a second gauge for administrations. An expert HVAC supplier is worried for your government assistance and the solace of those working under you, while building their standing for great help.
Look for references inside your local area for the most ideal business HVAC worker for hire to give the instruments you needs to keep a useful and useful workplace.Ball Mill Positioning Benshaw.. material of inlet and outlet hollow shaft is 6.the hollow axis adopts the cast steel and the lining can replace, the rotating big
ball mill components. drum the drum is the cylindrical casing of the ball mill. the inside of the drum is fitted with manganese steel alloy plates that protect the steel shell from abrasion; it is also possible to use rubber as armour rather than manganese steel. view inside ball mill
the material is broken apart by impact forces as the hammers drive it against the breaker plate. ball mills the mill consists of a slowly rotating, horizontal steel cylinder, half filled with steel balls the final particle size depends on the speed of rotation and on the size of the balls. roller mills.
this project is to design and fabricate the mini ball mill that can grind the solid state of various type of materials into nano-powder. the cylindrical jar is used as a mill that would rotate the
direct-pressure milling occurs when a particle is crushed or pinched between two hardened surfaces. this can involve two rotating bars or one rotating bar and a stationary plate and can typically reduce one-inch or larger chunks of friable materials down to 800 to 1,000 microns. examples include roll mills, cracking mills, and oscillator mills..
grinding ball mill adopts groove-type circular lining plate to increase contacting areas of iron balls and ores, which enhances grinding action and ore lifting capacity and decreases energy consumption. adopts whole milling house to makes it easy for construction and installation.
the stationary steel plate outlet casing is insulated with mineral wool and provided with seals between the casing and the rotating outlet cone. controls the more control you have over the mill, the better your grinding efficiency is likely to be.
rotating part. the tunnel body is made of steel plate the feed port is connected tightly to the tunnel body by the bolts and a flange with two-maze groove. the discharge port is joint by an endcover and a tunnel flange, fixed by bolts..
jan 01, 2020.
types rotating swivel plate bearing swivel plate metal swivel turntable round circular turntable bearing for kitchen home $18.09 18. tatuo pieces lazy susan turntable bearing, great for diy project for home 4.4 out of stars
mcmaster-carr is the complete source for your plant with over 595,000 products. 98% of products ordered ship from stock and deliver same or next day.
spherical bearing has the name of "sliding bearing", under heavy load and high-speed rotation, the supporting role played by the spherical bearing is essential. two stationary 120 spherical bearing hold a rotating cylinder and its contents. It is an indispensable accessory of ball mill.
each stationary knife is independently adjustable. the fan effect of knives provides increased throughput and quick clearing of the chamber. grinding chamber: the steel chamber measures 197 mm inside diameter mm deep. the hinged, heavy steel plate door provides full access
ball mill is the key equipment for deep grinding of materials after primary crushing. It is widely used in cement, silicate products, new building materials, wear-resistant materials, fertilizers, ferrous and non-ferrous metal mineral processing and glass ceramics industries.
scm mill liners need to protect the mill shell from damages due to wear and transmit the energy from the rotating mill to the ball charge. the rules that guide the design of a liner depend on the grinding mechanisms required for the specific mill.
the planetary ball mill performs mixing by continually revolving the large plate and rotating the containers concurrently. both the plate revolution speed and container rotation speed are independently adjustable. this unique mixing capability allows the operator to design precise solutions for mixing various systems.:
mill inlet opening. outlet the stationary steel plate outlet casing is insulated with mineral wool and provided with seals between the casing and the rotating outlet cone. An internal water cooling system can be installed in one or both grinding compartments to optimize mill performance, both at the
barrel, drum or tube with a single rotating axis, the retaining plate being stationary in this case, and avoiding the mentioned lining up of the balls to the ring around the centerline, when the speed of the mill
these "single runner" mills are equipped with an outer stator milling disc, and an inner runner milling disc that adjusts to vary the gap between the discs. material enters the gap through the center of the outer disc, and is ground between the discs as it travels radially by centrifugal force created by the rotating disc.The eternal struggle of Light and Dark, of Good and Evil, represented in a design where Yin and Yang are depicted as Angel and Demon. The swirling, tumultuous contradictory battles of life itself. Sleeveless T-Shirt Black is made of Top Quality 100% Cotton, Jersey using skin friendly, Azo-free, Reactive dyes.
YIN YANG - Sleeveless T-Shirt Black (Plain)
SKU : L032M001-4
14,99$PrixRoofing Repair
RB Roofing
Our Location:
Santa Ana, CA 92707
Telephone:
Business Hours:
RB Roofing Lic. #772680 is the headquarters in the greater Orange County, CA area for guaranteed, top quality roofing repair services that can protect and preserve your roof and extend its useful life. We offer our services for prices the competition cannot match.
At RB Roofing Lic. #772680, we specialize in roof repair work of all kinds involving all types of roofing materials. Our crack team of roofers have extensive experience in handling roofing repair needs that include:
• Chimney or Valley Leaks
• Flashing Replacement
• Vent Replacement
• Power Vent Installation
• Flashing Color Match
• Roofing Inspections
• Chimney Rebuilds
• Insulation
• And More
We also provide emergency roof covering and roof repair services and we are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week in case disaster strikes. Whenever you need us, we are at your service promptly. We can inspect your roof and give you a full rundown of what we find.
Our free estimates are totally transparent and we never will charge you for work you do not need. Our effort is solely focused on bringing your roof repair to a satisfactory conclusion so you can stop worrying about the next rainstorm. Our licensed and insured workers take every precaution to ensure their work will exceed your expectations and that it will prepare your roof for many years of good service.
When you need roof repair work done, it is vital to find a contractor you know will do the work promptly and who will pay attention to the details. Ask around for recommendations and examine the reviews that other companies have received.
We at RB Roofing Lic. #772680 are certain that, when you are done with your homework, we will be serving your roof repair needs. Contact us today for an inspection and free, no obligation estimate.ClassTimer 4+
Ventura Educational Systems
- $1.99
Screenshots
Description
Our ClassTimer is designed to help teachers transform their classrooms into amazingly productive environments by assisting students with time management.
Our ClassTimer is designed to help teachers transform their classrooms into amazingly productive environments by assisting students with time management. ClassTimer helps students visualize time and understand it as fundamental concept that needs to be managed in order to be more productive. Good time management leads to success in school and work.
In addition to the digital time display, ClassTimer includes a bar graph style display so that young children can visualize the time remaining for a particular task. Using ClassTimer children can better understand when the next phase of the school day will begin or when the time allotted for a task will end.
Students at all levels can benefit from better time management skills. Whether they are taking a standardized test, working in a small group on a project or involved in a form of creative expression, they will be better able to succeed if they properly manage the available time.
The ClassTimer makes it easy to visualize the passage of time. Several options increase its usefulness. Selectable buzzer sounds signal that the allotted time period has come to an end. Sound can be turned on or off. Usually classroom teachers will use the minutes and seconds display (MM:SS), but in some cases may want to switch to the hours and minutes display (HH:MM).
ClassTimer Features
ClassTimer has several useful features. In addtion to the very large display, a bar graph style indicator shows the remaining time as a percentage. Timer functions include a user selected audible sound effect to signal the end of a turn.
Control Functions:
• Activate or deactive the sound played when time is up.
• Choose different audible signals by tapping the display.
• Select between the hours and minutes display or the minutes and seconds display.
• Tap the green arrow to start the countdown clock.
• Tap stop to stop the timer.
• Tap pause to pause the countdown.
• Tap restart to reset the clock.
• Slide the alarm sound control to either on or off.
Works in stand-alone mode on an iPad or can be connected to a digital projector using an optional cable suppplied by Apple or wirelessly to Apple TV.
Ratings and Reviews
Please remove ticking
This is a great app; simple, easier to use, large font, choice of alarm sounds, timer and a bar graph with percentage of time left. However, and this is a big however, it is unusable in the classroom during quiet work because the timer makes a clicking noise as it counts down. Please remove ticking. Would be straight up 5 stars if there was no ticking.
Developer Response ,
The ticking occurs during the last 10 seconds to alert the students that time is running out, however if you would like to disable the ticking sound you can slide the sound control button on the screen to the left or use the volume control button on the iPad.
No sound on buzzer
No sound for buzzer
Developer Response ,
Please make sure that Sounds in Settings is set to an audible level and the sound volume control on your iPad is set
- 13.5 MB
- Compatibility
- iPad
- Requires iPadOS 13.2 or later.
- Mac
- Requires macOS 10.15.1 or later.
- Languages
- Age Rating
- 4+
- Price
- $1.99
Supports
Family Sharing
With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app.*** Made-To-Order
✅ Absorb abundance
*** 🇺🇸 US deliveries 8 to 12 business days.
Combine your best powerful stones in one single bracelet. Style, Inner peace, Positive vibes and self-confidence with a colorful choice that matches your style.✅ Heal the body
✅ Absorb abundance
✅ Provide strong protection from negative energy
✅ Absorb negativity and bolster your inner strength
✅ Boost your focus and confidence
✅ 100% Customer Satisfaction Backed with 60 Days Return Guarantee
SPECIFICATIONS
- Manufacturing Process : Handmade
- Beads material : Tiger's Eye, Black Onyx
- Chakra type : Root Chakra, Plexus Chakra
- Beads size : 0.24" (6mm)
- Length : 7.5 in (19 cm)
100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE
We are confident that you will LOVE our products, for any reasons you decide that this is not the right choice for you, please contact our helpful customer support to get an easy refund. No questions!MAXWELL DUALITY, LORENTZ INVARIANCE, AND TOPOLOGICAL PHASE
@article{Dowling1999MAXWELLDL, title={MAXWELL DUALITY, LORENTZ INVARIANCE, AND TOPOLOGICAL PHASE}, author={Jonathan P. Dowling and Colin P. Williams and Jet propulsion Laboratory and California Institute of Technology Applied Physics Laboratory and Johns Hopkins University}, journal={Physical Review Letters}, year={1999}, volume={83}, pages={2486-2489} }
We discuss the Maxwell electromagnetic duality relations between the Aharonov-Bohm, Aharonov-Casher, and He-McKellar-Wilkens topological phases, which allows a unified description of all three phenomena.
81 Citations
Aharonov–Bohm types of phases in Maxwell and Yang–Mills field theories
- Physics
- 2016
I review the topological phases of the Aharonov–Bohm type associated with Maxwell and Yang–Mills fields.
Relativistic Anandan quantum phase in the Lorentz violation background
- Physics
- 2011
We study the influence of a classical background based on the violation of the Lorentz symmetry on the relativistic Anandan quantum phase. We show that the choice of the Lorentz symmetry violation… Expand
Phase (or gauge) invariance and new field-free Aharonov-Bohm effects
- Physics
- 2006
Abstract.The criteria for phase invariance of quantum effects of the Aharonov-Bohm (AB) type are revised. Gauge invariance, duality and other properties of the electromagnetic interaction lead to new… Expand
Classical Lagrangian and quantum phase of the dipole
- Physics
- 2003
The non-relativistic Lagrangians of the electric and magnetic dipole are derived consistently with classical electrodynamics. The corresponding velocity-dependent potential leads to a generalized… Expand
Geometric phases modified by a Lorentz-symmetry violation background
- Physics
- 2015
We analyze the nonrelativistic quantum dynamics of a single neutral spin-half particle, with nonzero magnetic and electric dipole moments, moving in an external electromagnetic field in the presence… Expand
Quantum holonomies for an electric dipole moment
- Physics
- 2011
Abstract In this Letter, we obtain the quantum holonomies for a neutral particle with a permanent electric dipole moment based on the analogue effects of the He–McKellar–Wilkens effect and the Scalar… Expand
Interaction of the Dirac oscillator with the Aharonov–Bohm potential in (1+2)-dimensional Gürses space–time backgrounds
- Physics
- 2020
Abstract In this paper, we study the relativistic quantum dynamics of spin- 1 2 particles interact with electromagnetic potentials in three-dimensional space–time. We solve the Dirac oscillator… Expand
Induced electric dipole in a quantum ring
- Physics
- 2013
Abstract In this contribution, we investigate the quantum dynamics of a neutral particle confined in a quantum ring potential. We use two different field configurations for induced electric dipole in… Expand
Dual Aharonov–Bohm Effect
- Physics
- 2005
The quantum dynamics of a magnetic monopole in the presence of a thin electric flux is investigated. We discuss the dual Aharonov–Bohm effect and we analyze this in the point of view of the duality… Expand
Relativistic geometric quantum phases from the Lorentz symmetry violation effects in the CPT-even gauge sector of Standard Model Extension
- Physics
- 2014
We discuss the appearance of relativistic geometric quantum phases for a Dirac neutral particle based on possible scenarios of the Lorentz symmetry violation background in the CPT-even gauge sector… Expand
References
SHOWING 1-10 OF 32 REFERENCES
The Theory of Atomic Spectra
- Materials Science, Physics
- 1935
1. Introduction 2. The quantum mechanical method 3. Angular momentum 4. The theory of radiation 5. One-electron spectra 6. The central-field approximation 7. The Russell-Saunders case: energy levels… Expand
Classical Electrodynamics (2nd edn)
- Physics
- 1976
J D Jackson Chichester: J Wiley 1975 pp xxii + 848 price £10.75 The present edition of this now classic text offers substantial refinements and improvements over the first edition and includes some… Expand
Phys
- Rev. A 47, 3424 (1993); M. Wilkens, Phys. Rev. Lett. 72, 5
- 1994
Chin
- Phys. Lett. 12, 327 (1995); J. Yi, G. S. Jeon, and M. Y. Choi, Phys. Rev. B 52, 7838 (1995); H. Q. Wei, R. S. Han, and X. Q. Wei, Phys. Rev. Lett. 75, 2071 (1995); C. C. Chen, Phys. Rev. A 51, 2611 (1995); U. Leonhart and M. Wilkens, Europhys. Lett. 42, 365
- 1998
Phys
- Rev. Lett. 81, 1533 (1998); M. Wilkens, Phys. Rev. Lett. 81, 1534
- 1998
Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. Lett
- Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. Lett
- 1998
Phys
- Rev. Lett. 77, 1656 (1996); H. Q. Wei, X. Q. Wei, and R. S. Han, Phys. Rev. Lett. 77, 1657
- 1996
Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. Lett
- Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. Lett
- 1996
Phys. Rev. B Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. A
- Phys. Rev. B Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. A
- 1995
Phys. Rev. B Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. A Europhys. Lett
- Phys. Rev. B Phys. Rev. Lett. Phys. Rev. A Europhys. Lett
- 1995The Midwest has always had a love affair with the cowboy. Although the area likely has a more practical view of the profession than do other areas of the country, it still holds a certain degree of romantic mystique. From the exploits of Teddy Roosevelt to the Western stories immortalized by prolific author Louis L’Amur, North Dakotans have always revered the cowboy.Modern-day cowboys are alive and well all over the state. The Fargo/Moorhead area may not be thought of as a cowboy destination, but that doesn’t mean they don’t live among us. Take Darren Buckle from Buckle Performance Horses, for example. Darren has been boarding and training horses since high school, and he’s just as comfortable in stirrups as he is on land — maybe even more so.
Darren grew up around horses and was active in horse showing, team penning, FFA, and 4-H as a kid. It seemed natural to pursue a similar career, which began when he and a good friend, Andrea Hoff, were looking for a summer job. “As young horse enthusiasts, we started a summer business called Double D training where we mostly broke horses out for people,” he explained. “We trained horses out of her grandpa’s ranch for about five summers as we were attending high school and our first year of college.”
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
After graduating from the University of Minnesota Crookston with equine management and business degrees, Darren rented stalls out at Burkhart Stables in Ulen, Minnesota, and started Buckle Performance Horses. After a successful year of training and showing horses, he was approached to train privately for a family that was building a new horse facility. “This family had two children and I taught them the basics of riding and how to be successful showers themselves,” he explained. “It was a fun opportunity to go to a new area and get to go to some big shows as a private trainer for their two kids.”
Darren subsequently worked for Vatnsdal Stables in Roseau, Minnesota, where he met his wife, Alisha. During that time, Darren traveled the country showing Quarter and Appaloosa Horses. After three years in Roseau, Darren and Alisha decided to branch out on their own and move closer to home. Darren once again found himself back in Ulen, this time as the owner of the Burkhart Stables.
After training horses for the AQHA, APHA, Pinto, and Arabian show circuits, the opportunity to purchase stables in North Moorhead arose. “Thinking of our future and the possibility of having kids, we decided to sell our Ulen location,” Darren explained. The Buckles then purchased what was Kemmer Quarter Horses in 2009 and renamed it Buckle Performance Horses. The facility has 25 heated box stalls, an indoor arena, and two tack rooms.
Darren and Alisha continue to board and train horses in North Moorhead. “The majority of our clients are here to become better riders, better horsemen, and to enjoy their horses to their fullest potential,” Darren explained. “We are coaches to children as young as four years old and to people in their 70s.” The Buckles normally travel to horse shows with anywhere from 4 to 20 clients and their horses. “It is such a rewarding job to see progress made with not only their horses, but also to see these riders connect with an animal and become a team,” Darren said.
Darren and Alisha travel to shows from Canada to Ohio and Oklahoma to Las Vegas to Texas. They train horses to show in categories including Western Pleasure, Western Horsemanship, Trail, Showmanship, Halter, Western Riding, Hunter Under Saddle, and Equitation. The pair also breaks horses to ride and trail ride as well. During the winter months, they sell horses for their clients. “The best part of my job is that it is fast paced and I love what I do every day,” Darren said.
Buckle Performance Horses offers all types of lessons, from beginners just starting out to advanced showers at the biggest shows. “Lessons are a great way to meet people that have the same interests,” Darren said. “We have had many clients that have made some of their lifelong friends here.” Even better, you’ll get to meet a real cowboy.
For more information on Buckle Performance Horses, visit buckleperformancehorses.com.
By Jamee LarsonThere are also Quality Auditor jobs available in the following nearby locations:
Moving to Cookeville, TN? Find some basic demographic data about Cookeville, TN below.
Poor quality builds have a detrimental impact on the construction industry. On this course, you will tackle this problem...
This is the average annual salary for Quality Auditor jobs in Cookeville, TN as reported by the BLS.
Top hiring companies in your area.!- was a call to change title function. Removed -->
You may very well be getting tired of reading cautions and warnings about laboratory safety in Micscape and elsewhere. If you’re in your teens or twenties, you may still be indulging in an “immortality complex” and if you’re ancient like me, you may think that it’s worth taking a few risks if you get some interesting results. I politely, but vehemently disagree.
I recently ordered some chemicals from two different companies and I always check their listings to see if they are marked as hazardous. One item from the first company was marked as mildly hazardous and required special shipping, but not the more expensive “Poison Pack” shipping. The other item arrived in a box marked “Hazardous” along with a number of other ostensibly non-hazardous chemicals. The items in question was not indicated as being a special hazard in the company’s catalog, but it turned out on checking to be a highly dangerous substance. Over the years, I have had a few laboratory experiences that make me wary, maybe overly cautious, possible even obsessively neurotic, so I decided to go on the Internet and find the relevant Material Safety Data Sheets The hazard ratings run from 0 (zero) to 4 (extremely dangerous, life-threatening). Both of the items had health risk ratings of 3 (Severe) and even inhalation of dust particles of the substances on skin contact could prove fatal! At this point, I decided to inventory all of my chemicals and, by using cut and paste, create from the MSDS, a reference for myself of the relevant data for each chemical. I included the following items: 1) General description, synonyms, and composition of the chemical, 2) Hazards, 3) Dangerous decomposition by-products and interactions with other chemicals, and 4) toxicological data. After looking at this data for about 30 chemicals (a fraction of my inventory), I about decided to give up microscopy and do jigsaw puzzles. However, on reflection, I decided that I was over-reacting (but only a little). Even some of my old trustworthy friends like Magnesium sulfate (Epsom salts) and Magnesium chloride turned out to be treacherous under certain conditions. In fact, I am now leery of even recommending that any amateurs try making crystal slide melts, unless you have access to an academic or professional laboratory with a vented fume hood. It is difficult to control the heat of an alcohol lamp or Bunsen burner when holding a slide over the flame and there is a real danger of quickly and inadvertently reaching the decomposition temperature of the crystals and this can lead to the production of deadly gases, such as, chlorine, cyanide, hydrogen sulfide, sulfuric, hydrochloric, or nitric acid vapors or explosive gases, such as, acetone vapors or the vapors of other solvents. Decomposition products of chemicals are often a very serious danger and need to be a concern when heating any type of crystals.
Even heating solutions in which crystal salts of certain types have been dissolved can be risky. Some alkalis tend to “bump” when heated and can spray hot caustic solution onto your skin producing severe burns or, even worse, spray into your eyes. Acids are also very dangerous to heat and can produce not only serious burns, but lethal vapors. Mixing acids and alkalis can cause extremely violent reactions. You must also pay careful attention to the sort of glassware you use to heat materials. It’s well worth investing a bit of extra money in purchasing flasks, beakers, and test tubes that are certified as “heat resistant”. It is wise to buy recognized long-standing brands as there is a great deal of laboratory glassware these days that is imported from countries that do not have the same quality control and safety standards that we have (and ours could be better!). Sometimes heat-resistant glassware is critical even when you’re not heating a reagent. A classic example is concentrated sulfuric acid. In the process of dilution, it generates very significant amounts of heat. Also remember—AAA—“ALWAYS ADD ACID” to water when diluting, adding it slowly and carefully, wearing goggles, gloves, and protective clothing.
Sometimes dissolving crystals in warm or hot water can produce supersaturated solutions which will give nice results when a drop of the material cools on the slide. But again, exercise caution and do your homework first, either by means of MSDS or a chemical handbook. Another thing that you can try with warm, NOT HOT, solutions is placing a drop on a slide that has been chilled in the freezer compartment of your refrigerator.
When you are making solutions from crystals and powders, you also need to exercise care, especially with the powders. Preparations should always be done in well-ventilated areas with appropriate precautions ranging from rubber gloves and goggles to air filter masks to ventilated fume hoods. Some of you may be skeptical that crystals or powders could be much of a risk. However, the inhalation of some chemical dusts can be extremely dangerous since they can be very quickly absorbed into the blood stream, whereas others can rapidly affect the nervous system.
Organic reagents, such as, hydrocarbons and common laboratory solvents, such as, xylene, acetone, and toluene can also be harmful if inhaled, producing liver damage, kidney damage, and brain damage.
All of this sounds quite grim and indeed, it can be if one doesn’t take the trouble to inform oneself adequately and take the proper precautions. Commonsense, information, proper procedure, and caution can save you from very real threats to your health, safety, and even your life. These investigations have led me to order a filter mask with special filters for toxic dusts, vapors, organic solvents, acids meeting the standards of NIOSH (National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health).
Summary:
There are certain chemicals that amateurs should avoid completely and I am going to mention a few, because in many of the older reference and textbooks, these reagents are mentioned with little or no warning of potential risks. In some cases this was due to the fact that the dangers were not fully recognized at the time. In other instances, it was assumed that appropriate laboratory equipment and instruction would be routinely available. I’ll sort these items into two basic categories:
NEVER USE:
1) Mercury compounds. Traditionally many fixatives used mercuric chloride (also know as corrosive sublimate) as a central ingredient. This salt is corrosive and highly toxic. One of my university colleagues banned the use of mercuric compounds from his laboratory. In addition to their toxicity, they also have a nasty propensity for contaminating glassware and other laboratory apparatus.
2) Osmic Acid (Osmium tetroxide)—Extremely nasty! Again a fairly common ingredient in fixatives, especially for electron microscopy, but also used for optical microscopy. Fortunately, it is expensive enough that most amateurs would not even consider using it. To give you an idea of its hazardous properties, it is usually supplied in small glass capsules which are then placed (gently!) in a flask with distilled water or the other ingredients of the fixative you are preparing. The capsule is then broken with a glass rod-in a ventilated fume hood-and the final touches can be administered in preparing the fixative. Imagine, working in an osmium tetroxide factory where your job is to seal the stuff in glass capsules!
3) Cyanide compounds The mere mention of cyanide should excite horror and conjure memories of locked room British mystery novels (of which I must confess, my wife and I are great fans). It deadly; you know that; DON’T MESS WITH IT!
4) Benzene. A very popular solvent until, relatively recently, it was discovered just how toxic it is and that it is carcinogenic (cancer-causing).
5) Strychnine. Strychnine sulfate was sometimes recommended for anesthetizing aquatic invertebrates. It is highly toxic in concentration and can induce extremely painful convulsions.
6) Ether. Highly volatile, can quickly induce unconsciousness, overdoses are lethal. Some ethers form explosive compounds as they age and must be stored in explosion-proof refrigerators.
7) Carbon tetrachloride. This reagent is now quite difficult to obtain. However, it used to be a common household item, easily obtainable from the shelves of a local drugstore. It was used as a spot remover and as a teenager, I used it in my killing jars for insects. It had a sharp, but not unpleasant odor and I’m sure I inhaled lots of fumes and spilled some of the stuff on my hands. So, what’s the problem? Well, it has since been discovered that carbon tetrachloride is a carcinogen and does liver damage, kidney damage, and, as if that weren’t enough, can also adversely affect the nervous system.
8) Phenol (Carbolic Acid). This is a chemical that gets mixed with formaldehyde to make embalming fluid! It is extremely poisonous as crystals, vapor, or liquid and is readily absorbed. It is highly caustic and can produce deep, severe burns that may not be noticed at first because of the way it attacks tissues and nerves. Many phenol compounds are carcinogenic.
Phenol has sometimes been used as a clearing agent for aqueous specimens and is indeed often effective but, in general,
the dangers of working with this reagent make it simply not worth the risk.
9) Concentrated Acids and Realgar. I have put these two under the same topic heading only because of diatoms. Some diatomists, like the alchemists, have had a touch of madness. In this quest to produce beautifully, clean, pristine, sparkling silica frustules (shells), they have gone to extraordinary measures. These beautiful objects pose a number of difficult challenges. In order to clean the frustules, diatomists have boiled them in concentrated mineral acids. A good lungful of these vapors will solve all your problems-permanently! The vapors of these acids, especially when heated, are highly corrosive to mucous membranes and, if inhaled, can be fatal! These acids should only be used in a well-equipped carefully regulated laboratory.
When you think of the classic mystery tale involving poisoning, what pops into your mind? Well probably two things: we already mentioned cyanide and the other is, of course, arsenic. Realgar is a form of arsenic that some diatomists have used in their quest to achieve a mounting medium with a high refractive index (R.I.). Part of the problem is that the diatom frustules, being composed of silica, are essentially glass, so unless you have a mountant with a significantly higher refractive index than about 1.52, the diatoms become virtually invisible. Hyrax has an R.I. of 1.822, but realgar has one of the very highest at over 2.0. All you have to do is heat the realgar until it gives off deadly vapors which you collect on a slide or cover glass to mount your diatoms on! Not my idea of fun but, hey, some people get a thrill out of going over Niagra Falls in a barrel or wrestling alligators.
Let’s go back to acids for a minute. Some people think-ah, glacial acetic acid, that’s just concentrated vinegar—WRONG! Glacial acetic acid is very nasty, has an overwhelmingly powerful odor, attacks mucous membranes and has the bizarre property of “freezing” at 63 degrees Fahrenheit or 16.6 degrees Centigrade. If this happens and it breaks the container and spills then you will have a vile, dangerous mess to clean up. One acid you NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, want to deal with is hydrofluoric acid. This stuff has to be stored in special wax-lined containers, because it is so reactive that it eats glass! Imagine what a whiff of that could do to clear out your lungs.
The second category is :
DON’T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT, UNLESS YOU REALLY KNOW WHAT YOU’RE DOING:
1) Picric Acid (trinitrophenol). These crystals MUST ALWAYS be kept moist, in fact, they are best kept in a saturated solution and away from metals and metal compounds. If the crystals become dry or form certain kinds of metallic picrates, they become high explosives. As you can tell from its chemical name, this compound is closely related to TNT! It is used in a classic fixative (and its variants) called Bouin’s fluid or Bouin’s fixative. It is, as you would expect from a fixative, quite toxic. In solution, it is stable but should be mixed with other reagents ONLY following proven formulas and then taking full safety precautions.
2) Concentrated Alkalis. The majority of these substances are highly caustic and, if spilled on the skin produce deep burns and ulcerations which take a long time to heal. A splash into the eyes can be disastrous and may well result in blindness. They are even more dangerous when heated since some alkalis tend to “bump” and can spray scalding, caustic liquid over you and your equipment.
3) Oxidizing Agents. All of us are familiar with hydrogen peroxide and it is a staple in many medicine chests. It can react strongly with certain chemicals and with organic material. What you usually purchase at the store is a 3% solution. If you put some on a cut or abrasion, you will notice it foaming. If you dilute some of it with an equal amount of water and use it as a mouthwash, you will feel its bubbling activity. Some health food stores sell 35% hydrogen peroxide. The label tells you to dilute it down to 3% and use it for cleaning and scrubbing vegetables. It’s always seemed simpler and more economical to me to just buy the 3% solution in the first place (not that I ever scrub vegetables with anything but water). A 35% solution is, I assure you, highly reactive, and with some other chemicals can form peroxides that are violent and even explosive.
Whenever you are considering mixing different chemicals, always consult the section in the MSDS which states the incompatibilities of a given compound.
4) Formaldehyde. A number of generations have grown up treating formaldehyde almost as casually as alcohol as a preservative, plunging their arms up to the elbow in the solutions to retrieve specimens from the bottom of shipping containers. Formaldehyde has always been obnoxious to work with due, in large part, to its pungent, irritating, and penetrating odor. However, for many purposes, it is exceptionally useful, effective, and inexpensive.
Gradually it has become known that formaldehyde is a quite dangerous reagent. Even when MSDS sheets say only “possible carcinogen” or “suspected carcinogen”, don’t kid yourself-anything so described is dangerous. In addition to the formaldehyde itself, there is always the toxicity of methyl or “wood” alcohol to take into account, since it is always a component of commercial solutions.
Additives have been produced to “deodorize” formaldehyde, but don’t forget that the fact that because it smells less noxious, doesn’t make it any less toxic. Some biological supply houses have developed substitutes in which to ship and store specimens. Nonetheless, formaldehyde is generally still used as the primary fixative and then the specimens are transferred to the “less toxic and less noxious” fluid.
So now we know that there are some basic precautions that one needs to take.
a) Work in a very well-ventilated area and/or use a ventilated mask designed for use with such chemicals.
b) Wear goggles to protect your eyes both from the possibility of accidental splash and also from the vapors.
c) Wear the proper sort of heavy-duty gloves. The thin latex surgical gloves are not sufficient protection.
d) Limit exposure as much as possible. When feasible transfer specimens to 70% alcohol. Plankton samples are virtually invariably preserved in formaldehyde. When you wish to examine such material with a dissecting microscope, transfer the sample through several changes of distilled water.
e) Don’t mix with Scotch; it tastes terrible! Hey, I’m just kidding!
5) Silver nitrate. This is a caustic and reactive substance and like many nitrates can form explosive compounds. Many men are acquainted with a form of silver nitrate in the form of a “styptic pencil” used to retard bleeding when one nicks oneself while shaving. Be extremely careful what you mix this with (or for that matter any other compound) and always inform yourself about the possibility of dangerous reactive properties or dangerous decomposition products from heating either the solution or the crystals or powder. Silver compounds have played a crucial role in, among other things, photography. I have used a dilute solution of silver nitrate to deposit a metallic coating on forams and other micro-shells. [LINK] Very dilute solutions are, of course, almost always safer to work with, but that doesn’t mean that they are without risk and one should always exercise care. Even ordinary table salt can produce toxic chlorine and sodium oxide vapors when it reaches its decomposition temperature and ordinary sugar at decomposition temperature can produce carbon monoxide. So, never assume that because something is common and readily available that it is safe under all conditions.
I want to thank Dave Walker for being generous enough to read this article and make some important suggestions which I will include here.
1) In addition to my comments on hydrofluoric acid see: page 15
2) Dave pointed out quite rightly that melts of certain chemicals can be made safely if there is adequate ventilation along with and electric hotplate with thermostatic control. I certainly agree, but one must be very careful about controlling this in such a manner than one does not reach decomposition temperatures.
3) Dave also pointed out that I said nothing about the disposal of chemicals. Here again the Material Safety Data Sheets are very valuable as they provide a special section presenting the types of recommended procedures for disposal. Regulations regarding the disposal of chemicals vary from country to country and community to community so, if you are unsure of the approved procedures, you should consult local experts. Remember that what you dump into a sink or toilet, could end up later in your drinking water.
4) Dave also reminded me that a significant number of amateurs, not having a dedicated lab space, may carry out their investigations either in their kitchens or bathrooms. This means that you must be very careful not to leave any chemicals in areas where they might be accessible to children. Also, if you work in a kitchen area, you need to take suitable precautions to avoid contamination of any food or dishware used in the preparation of food or drink. In fact, it is also a basic rule of laboratory safety that you should never have food or drink in the area where you are working. Imagine picking up a glass which you thought was iced tea and it turned out to be a nice rich sample from a barnyard pond that you had just collected. Enough said!
DISCLAIMER
Neither the author nor anyone associated with Micscape makes any claims to completeness or final authoritative accuracy in the material presented above and can accept no responsibility for accidents, misuse of materials, or misunderstandings which may result regarding any individual or group of individuals. It cannot be emphasized too strongly that the person or persons involved in such experimentation have the obligation to adequately inform themselves and follow appropriate procedures.
Finally, I cannot emphasize enough that commonsense (which seems a rare commodity these days, especially amongst politicians), adequate information, proper protective gear and/or apparatus, and caution are essential. If you pay attention to these items, you will minimize the risks and be able to conduct interesting and productive experiments. There are no guarantees; virtually no human activity is risk-free; so much depends on the individual’s own willingness to take risks and his or her sense (or lack thereof) regarding acceptable consequences. A former student of mine bicycled from Vladivostok to Moscow, kayaked down the Niger river to seek out the real Timbuktu, has made assaults on Mount McKinley and Mount Everest and is still alive and writing about his experiences. To me exploring the micro-world is filled with adventure and I realize that there are risks from chemicals, pollution in samples I collect, and dangerous micro-organisms that can be debilitating or even life-threatening, but I do what I can to minimize the risks and maximize my pleasure. For me the great adventures are not Everest or McKinley, but the micro-mountains that I explore everyday which produce an incomparable sense of wonder.
All comments to the author Richard Howey are welcomed.
Please report any Web problems or offer general comments to the Micscape Editor.
Micscape is the on-line monthly magazine of the Microscopy UK website at Microscopy-UKUSFootball Posted October 20, 2005 Share Posted October 20, 2005 Does anyone have a picture of the Rutgers Billboard that was on I-4 last year?? I cant seem to find one online, but I was hoping that maybe someone took a pic or has the one from the paper... Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Dealing With The Medical Negligence Of A Doctor
Due to the extensive education that doctors are mandated to undergo before practicing in the industry, many people put a large amount of trust in them when seeking medical services. Although the majority of doctors are very cautious about making a diagnosis and treating their patients, sometimes things are done negligently. When negligence is involved with diagnosing and treating a patient, it may lead to injuries that are long-term or fatal.Rule 1920.46. Affidavit of Non-Military Service.
If the defendant fails to appear in the action, the plaintiff shall file an affidavit regarding military service with the motion for appointment of a master, prior to a trial by the court, or with the plaintiffs affidavit required by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.42(b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1)(ii).
Official Note
The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. § § 39014043, requires that in cases in which the defendant does not make an appearance, the plaintiff must file an affidavit of non-military service before the court may enter judgment. If the defendant is in the military service and an attorney has not entered an appearance on behalf of the defendant, a judgment shall not be entered until the court appoints an attorney to represent the defendant and protect his or her interest.
Actions for divorce under Section 3301(c)(2) and (d)(1)(i) of the Divorce Code are governed by Pa.R.C.P. No. 1920.42(b) and (c), respectively.; amended June 3, 3019, effective October 1, 2019, 49 Pa.B. 3059. Immediately preceding text appears at serial pages (394397) to (394.Because Of Countless Years Of of Research…
Here are the Top 4 Choices:
Goldco – Our Best Recommendation
Investing In Gold Futures
There is a bunch of hype walking around regarding Goldco Investing, a brand-new brokerage that is in fact a division of Goldpoint Financial. In essence, they are actually delivering financial companies for buying silver and gold. The branch is devoted to delivering investment options to the entrepreneur area. This might be updates to some, however certainly not to those who have actually succeeded presently in their very own assets. Much like other financial companies delivering these sorts of companies, Goldco has been actually around for rather some time as well as has gotten a lot of queries from willing entrepreneurs aiming to put their loan to partner with an experienced consultant.
The firm has actually been actually around because 1998 and also supplies a complete variety of economic products including retirement, allowances, financial investments in metals as well as gold pieces. What creates all of them various coming from your standard insurer is their concentrate on purchasing gold. This is actually certainly not as uncommon as investment funds nowadays yet this is a great add-on to a profile. There is also a choice for real estate investors to buy bitcoin without a traditional IRA. This is actually another method to maximize your retirement life cost savings through buying resources that will certainly appreciate in market value throughout the years and also years ahead.
Goldco Committing performs deliver a number of options to suit any sort of spending plan and also committing design. They offer economical options in an amount of expenditure groups including shares and also bonds, gold and silver, and all primary monetary expenditure providers including TIAACREF, Leaders, Charles Schwab, as well as Admiral Funds. This suggests you may have a versatile monetary investment company, complete along with exceptional support for your retired life, without breaking the financial institution.
Investing In Gold Futures
The firm partners with both standard IRAs and also additional modern self-directed 401ks. If you would like to result in your retirement account without making the effort to open up one, you can roll over your possessions straight in to your Goldco Investing Individual Retirement Account. You can likewise make the most of the business’s electronic purchase companies, featuring its own automated carry over to your existing IRA profile when you make a down payment or even drawback. You are not restricted to a specific sort of expenditure, you can buy both assets and bonds as well as the metals. You might find it a much better possibility given that you may mix and match the financial investments for optimum variation. In addition to self guided as well as standard Individual retirement accounts, you can also finance your Goldco Spending IRA with an assortment of various other financial investment vehicles including rare-earth element funds, money market accounts, enthusiasm gilt funds, and certificate of deposit funds.
The provider additionally offers an assortment of pliable possibilities, featuring choices for straight committing, securities market trading, metals for investment funds, gold funds, and also product investments. Along with direct trading, you can buy and sell allotments of a provider straight, which is actually an excellent way to acquire exposure to the market without needing to buy reveals yourself. Conversely, you can easily purchase the company’s stock exchange mark items, or choose futures exchanging. Whatever the situation may be actually, you could be guaranteed that your profile will certainly remain secure, especially if you have direct assets in Goldco Gold Investments.
One more option accessible to you with Goldco Committing individual retirement account is the option to purchase commodities like the stock market or gold. Through doing this, you will have the ability to diversify your investments. Furthermore, you get to enjoy the same tax benefits that you would get from putting in straight in the provider’s assets. Having said that, unlike stock assets, you carry out not possess the entire firm. You are going to need to have to look at whether you would like to remain within the business’s ownership to steer clear of added charges.
If you are actually extra comfy investing directly, you may seek the help of a business broker that can easily help you with all your monetary investments. In fact, you may want to consider acquiring bitcoins in an individual retirement account, specifically if you understand exactly how to accomplish therefore appropriately. Brokers are going to help you deal these rare-earth elements safely and securely, along with delivering you along with specialist tips. Simply make certain that you have one broker you may rely on.
A final alternative you possess if you would like to convert your typical Individual retirement accounts into self-reliant investing possibilities including gold is actually to roll-over your account to a typical IRA and purchase gold. This possibility is wrong for everyone. The majority of real estate investors locate that they simply perform not have the time to attend normal carry overs. Furthermore, if the provider that you are actually acquiring is certainly not credible, you could simply drop all the cash you have actually acquired it. If you possess the time and the expertise, having said that, this is actually a practical choice for many people.
AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
Augusta Valuable Metals is an on the web investment firm that gives gold, silver as well as platinum financial investments. Except retired life saver’s who want making beneficial precious metal investments. This business offers much more than merely metals. Our experts are going to wait you throughout your retirement along with lifetime qualified service as your relied on resource of beneficial information and top-level items. What’s even more, you can have comfort understanding you are actually investing your hard-earned cash with a company that is managed due to the US Mint.
Did you understand that the US Mint defends United States coming from “outsider” affects? Let me explain. If there were a terrorist strike or even a huge event where lots of people were actually injured, the authorities would certainly require to react rapidly to safeguard American passions. The last thing they would like to perform is actually create deficiencies and high prices for everybody. Augusta Precious Metals is the spot to become if you are interested in placing your funds into a strong precious metals interest-bearing account.
Many people personal bodily gold pieces and they are actually hanging on to them as a result of their love for gold. However, these gold and silvers have actually constantly been a safe harbor for individuals that perform certainly not have a bunch of loan. Rising cost of living and share market accidents have actually made a bubble economy where bodily gold is actually worth very little bit, whereas paper cash has enjoyed greatly. Augusta Priceless Metals does offer bodily gold in 3 various kinds: bullion, clubs, and also pieces. Their coins and gold items represent true tangible physical gold, and also you can easily buy all of them or even sell all of them at a greater cost than what you might locate on the paper.
Investing In Gold Futures
Silver as well as gold provide comfort and protection to folks. It is actually no wonder that these metallics are looked at to be United States’s money by a lot of. Augusta Valuable Metals is an on the internet metal retail store that supplies reduced premiums on a selection of items. The provider feels that variation is actually the very best method to always keep wealth and also retirement life funds safe. By transforming, you may defend your income from fluctuation. Augusta Precious Metals additionally delivers a number of items to protect your savings.
Along with gold, the business supplies a lot of various other gold and silver products like silver, platinum eagle, palladium, ruthenium, iridium, rhodium, osmium, iridium, yttrium, titanium, tungsten, and also numerous others. This provider offers budget friendly alternatives for each one of your assets. They give exceptional customer service, and their getting method is easy. Augusta Precious Metals provides very competitive costs on a selection of gold products. The provider provides competitive rates on an assortment of gems, silver, platinum, palladium, and various other rare-earth element items.
Silver: The provider sells numerous budget friendly silver items. Several of the most well-known choices feature silver bullets, satchels, wedding collections, and fashion jewelry. Gold gold, silver clubs, and also coins are additionally readily available for investment. Regardless of what kind of gold and silver you pick, there will definitely be an inexpensive answer. There are actually no yearly charges associated with having Augusta Precious Metals.
Proofs: Verifications are among the best well-liked products sold by Augusta Priceless Metals. Proofs are required for each one of the finest gold providers. Evidence are actually likewise used for showing platinum eagle and palladium to sellers, as well as to customers that purchase from internet establishments. There are actually no annual costs connected with owning Augusta Precious Metals, and there is actually a basic accountancy unit required for each of your purchases.
Purchasing metals could be a basic process, or even it may be an intricate procedure depending on exactly how you opt for to handle putting in. If you require aid determining which product is right for you, there are actually a lot of professionals available for this function. Whether you want finding out more concerning gold, silver, or palladium, Augusta Precious Metals has a lot of services to help you make the ideal investment selection.
Gold and silvers spending makes good sense if you would like to reside in the market place for gold, silver, platinum eagle or palladium. Precious metal rates cherish as well as drop along with time. Along with an investment in precious metals, you are really buying an insurance policy against inflation. If the value of metals climbs, you can be sure that they will certainly enjoy also.
Gold and silvers are deemed an insurance policy for your properties. This is actually because, unlike fiat money, the value of both gold and silver normally transfer inverted to the total economy. When the inventory markets are down, silver and gold often tend to be down a step. When the stock markets accident, priceless metals get a whole new appeal, as viewed via the Great Recession.
A great way to reduce the threats connected with Valuable Metals Putting in is to diversify your profile. In short, purchase not merely bodily precious metals, however likewise in a variety of other possession training class including guaranties, supplies, interest-bearing funds, bonds, supplies and various other safeties. If you desire to reduce counterparty risk, you could possibly additionally opt for exchange traded funds.
When it pertains to Priceless Metals Putting In, there are pair of simple ways of trading. One is actually straight investing where you purchase reveals of gold mines or other metal resources like assets. The other is using commodity investing. In valuable committing, commodities include overseas money, rates of interest, agrarian items, and also energy items. When you buy commodities, the best location to begin is with the investing of futures arrangements. By doing this you are actually certainly not in fact purchasing bodily possessions, however instead buying economic properties that have more significant possibility for development.
The Precious Metals Committing technique hinges on three basic places – bullion financial investments, corrected price deposits, and certificates of deposit (CDs). Normally, if you are starting out in Valuable Metals Committing, you ought to pay attention to one region including bullion or coins. Bullion expenditures exemplify bodily gold or silver expenditures. These assets have considerable development possibility as gold and silver prices have a tendency to enhance considerably eventually. Certifications of deposit (Compact discs) embody a conveniently sold off collection of rate of interest bearing assets.
Precious metals committing offers many benefits to long-term clients. One of them are actually diversification of portfolios. This indicates that different locations of expenditure will definitely pull down on financial investment danger. Also smalls potatoes on the market are going to certainly not influence an overall profile. On top of that, most Rare-earth elements capitalists take advantage of falling rates of interest given that such market fads have actually been in charge of rising the worth of gold, platinum, as well as palladium.
An essential conveniences Priceless Metals Committing has over other choices is actually that there is actually little bit of or no danger connected with these forms of investments. Most gold and silvers expenditures will certainly also deliver a practical profit on your capital. This makes sure that you can utilize your incomes to cash various other kinds of financial investment while keeping your money protected. In addition, gold as well as platinum eagle can be easily traded on significant trades, making it very easy to observe the market place patterns.
In general, Priceless Metals Committing is actually a sound method for building a sturdy and also liquefied retirement profile. Nevertheless, it is necessary to know the risks as well as the income ability related to such expenditures just before you start investing. By doing this, you may steer clear of making costly blunders. Make certain that your opted for metallics are actually bought from trustworthy dealers. You might likewise would like to deal with a specialist broker to assist you achieve the intended end results.
One typical kind of Priceless Metals Putting in is producing a long-lasting funding fund that collects cash by acquiring silver and gold bullion or through storing other bodily resources such as coins. A properly handled metals fund can eventually give significant come back to its own consumers. As with any kind of various other fund, a well-balanced expenditure collection need to be actually maintained to ensure that the increases made are actually certainly not dropped to brief condition volatility. By creating a strong long-term investment collection, a traditional real estate investor may defend his funds versus market turbulence as well as gain a modest profit without needing to experience massive losses.
A lot of real estate investors choose to form a possession security or insurance plan that consists of metals spending as component of their general profile. These plans normally pay if the metal price falls to a certain factor after the purchase date. Typically, an insurance coverage includes different kinds of financial investments, including bodily metallics like gold, silver, platinum, and palladium, and also various federal government bonds, deposit slips, and also monetary investments.
Rare-earth elements are well-known selections for each temporary and also lasting financial investments because the costs usually perform certainly not alter that considerably with time. For this reason, numerous financiers decide on to accumulate their portfolio over a number of years, building up resources that they may utilize to make use of any kind of market changes. Numerous pros also feel that investing in Precious Metals is just one of the most protected methods to commit loan today as a result of the safety and security of holding substantial properties like gold coins. If you want to discover more about Precious Metals Spending, contact a reputable stock broker company today.‘What a decade of following Arsenal does’ – Piers Morgan pokes fun at himself with son in hilarious ten-year throwback
LIFE is hard as an Arsenal fan.
That is if hilarious pictures released by Piers Morgan are anything to go by.
The lifelong Gooner posted two images of himself and son Spencer at the Emirates - ten years apart.
The first photo shows dad and lad with fresh faces, glowing tans, and a wry smile breaking out across their mouths.
The second photo shows an altogether more mature pair of gents sporting facial hair, longer locks and the odd wrinkle here and there.
Morgan shared the snaps on his Instagram account with the caption "What the last decade of following Arsenal does to a man…"
The years between the photos have seen Arsenal steadily decline as a force in English football.
A regular qualifier for the Champions League, the Gunners have not finished inside the top four since 2016 under the great Arsene Wenger.
Most read in Football
FREE BETS: GET OVER £2,000 IN NEW CUSTOMER DEALS
The legendary manager departed at the end of the 2017-18 season, with the club since toiling under Unai Emery and current boss Mikel Arteta.
But there has been domestic cup success since Morgan’s first photo - Arsenal have lifted the FA Cup four times since 2011.
Morgan was at the Emirates on Monday to witness Arteta’s side rescue a dramatic point against Crystal Palace.
The visitors were 2-1 up with seconds to go before Alexandre Lacazette pounced on a loose ball in the box to smash home the equaliser.
Palace made the trip to north London under new manager Patrick Viera, who famously captained Arsenal during the club’s ‘Invincibles’ era under Wenger.
⚽ Read our Arsenal live blog for the latest news and transfer gossip from The Emiratesweek, and then his office here at home, or in some motor pool at work… or some crazy basement turned office on post. Basically, he is inside all week.
Me? I go because the scenery refuels my creative brain. Like hubs, I am in the house most of the week. Studio time or computer time all day, then dinner, then back to studio or computer. And I love it! I truly love it. BUT. A set routine is the absolute killer of creativity.
So. We drive. The fields and farmhouses unfold in front of us, like watching an old black and white movie. Many of these farms have been in the same family for a hundred years or more. The history they whisper as we speed by is not lost on the blacktop. The old barns standing in shadow of the new sleeker metal barns, perfectly happy just to still be there. These old barns often house the tractors or various other equipment … some of it antique, once used to lay in the crops.
I’m always eager to get back at the creating after these drives. The things we DON’T see from the car are as real to me as the things we do see. Things that are right there, just out of site. The rooster that crowed just before we drove by. The old pitcher filled with wild flowers plopped on the wooden stool outside the back door. Rain boots covered in mud from the trip to the barn to check on the horses during that last downpour.
I see these things, as real as if I had walked that path. I see them because I grew up on a farm. A farm with chickens and goats and roosters you couldn’t take you eyes off of because they just might flog you! And because I see these… I paint these.
I’m putting together a small collection to release later this week. A collection that pulls me back to a bit of history. A bit of history from where we live now, in Kentucky and a bit from the place I knew as home as a child. I grew up on a small farm in Texas…. more like a homestead today… but it wasn’t a white farm house. It wasn’t all minimalist and modern. It was filled with color. Dark red roosters chortling round their hens, ornery goats tussling for the best food, multi-hued cats lounging on the barn beams. It was robust with life and color and heart. And vegetables. Tons of vegetables. Brightly colored, richly flavored offerings from the ground.
The Farmhouse Spring Collection breathes in all of these. A long slow breath of growing season and simple living. If you are on my mailing list you will receive the release 24 hours before it goes public. You can click here to get early access to the Farmhouse Spring Collection!
When was the last time you were on a farm? The last time you took a long, slow drive through the country? Maybe it’s time? We have a long weekend coming up. Pack up the fam and find the two lane country road that begs you explore.
Then come back and check your email. You’ll find the perfect piece of art to commemorate your adventure in the Farmhouse Spring Collection.
Let's pretend we're the oldest and dearest friends!!
Won't you be my friend? We can play and create and have all sorts of fun! I'm looking for new friends to write notes to and share secrets with!
Maybe you are too?There are vegetables that are so firmly included in our diet that we almost do not think about the impact - positive or negative, which they have on the human body. One of such controversial issues is the benefit and harm of raw beets. Let's get acquainted with our old friend closer!
Corners and roots
The beets were cultivated in 2000 BC, and even then the Assyrians and Persians knew about the miraculous property of vegetables to improve digestion. Only now they did not eat the root vegetable, but the tops. Centuries passed, and, as is often the case, absolutely by chance a person tried the sweet root. From this moment a new round in the history of the vegetable began. Beet was used not only as a food product, but also in cosmetology: young girls rubbed cheeks with a piece of root crop to give a face a blush. But as a medicine beet was considered an effective tool for:
- awakening of appetite;
- improving mood;
- bowel cleansing.
Useful properties of the root
Modern scientists, considering issues related to the benefits and harms of raw beets for the body, note that the first in it, of course, more. Sweet root has a beneficial effect on:
- Gastrointestinal, removing toxins;
- vessels, making them more elastic;
- blood cells, enriching them with oxygen and increasing hemoglobin levels;
- the urogenital system, increasing sexual desire in men and relieving pain during menstruation in women;
- the nervous system receiving with the vegetable the amount of magnesium necessary for its normal functioning;
- immunity, increasing the level of body resistance to infections and viruses.
These truly miraculous properties of the root are explained by a unique set of trace elements and minerals:
- vitamins C, A, PP, group B;
- iodine - for proper functioning of the thyroid gland;
- iron - to prevent anemia;
- boron, copper, potassium, zinc, which help reduce blood pressure and normalize the work of the heart;
- calcium and potassium in the right concentration - to remove heavy metal salts from the cells of the body;
- pectins - to remove toxins;
- Cellulose - to cleanse the intestines.
In addition, recent studies have shown that raw beet dishes included in the regular menu can protect against certain types of cancer.
And, of course, we must not forget that, despite the presence of natural sugar, burgundy vegetable is a dietary product. The calorie content of raw beets is only 40 calories. Therefore, nutritionists recommend mandatory to introduce dishes from the root in the diet of people suffering from excess weight.
When does beetroot become an enemy?
The worldly wisdom "Better is less, but better" is very well suited to describe the negative effects of root vegetables on human health. The fact is that all the unpleasant consequences of its use are directly related to the exorbitant amount of vegetable eaten. Especially you should be careful if you have:
- tendency to colitis, heartburn and internal bleeding (fresh vegetable acts like a brush and can damage the mucous surface of the digestive tract);
- allergy (due to the high content of active nutrients, nasopharyngeal edema, urticaria, lymph nodes may occur);
- heart disease (cardiologists insist that beets in large quantities, and even more so in combination with garlic gives a greater load on the vascular system);
- kidney stones (salt weights and increases these formations);
- diabetes, obesity (even the minimum sugar content can cause complications in the course of such diseases).
And yet: keep in mind that beets can, like a sponge, absorb all the harmful substances from the surrounding space. Therefore, you should not buy vegetables grown in environmentally polluted areas.
Raw vs cooked
The dispute as to which beet is more useful - raw or boiled, in principle, has no basis and, rather, concerns gastronomic preferences. And all because the burgundy root crop is a unique vegetable that retains all the vitamins and useful trace elements after heat treatment. True, in its raw form it contains more nitrates and fruit acids, which can irritate the digestive tract. In the cooked product, these substances are transferred to the broth. Therefore, in case of problems with the gastrointestinal tract or for feeding children it is better to boil the beets.
How to eat?
With all the benefits of a bright root, not everyone can eat it in its pure form. Therefore, nutritionists recommend cooking:
- the drinks;
- salads;
- beetroot soup.
Fresh juice can be mixed with cranberry, apple, lemon, carrot juice and honey as a sweetener. Just keep in mind that beetroot drink should be defended before eating a couple of hours. And even in this case, it is better to dilute it with water 1: 1. As for salads, garlic is considered the traditional partner of beets in these dishes. You can also add cheese (hard, cheese), boiled eggs, meat (for example, chicken fillet) and greens to an aperitif. The peculiarity of the beetroot soup is that the decoction in which the root vegetable was boiled is used as the liquid base. As in the case of juice, the product is very concentrated, so it is recommended to dilute it with water.
The benefits and harms of raw beets have a lot of aspects that need to be considered before introducing a root vegetable into your diet. But if you decide to eat it regularly, then pay attention to the options for combining vegetables with other products. They open up the inexhaustible possibilities of cooking delicious and healthy culinary delights.Things You Should Know About The Church Of The Nazarene
- The Denomination's Birthday was October 12, 1908
- The Church of the Nazarene was born in the spirit of revival, with an incredible unity, by great people of God, guided by the Spirit of God.
- The Church of the Nazarene embraces 16 statements of faith, derived from the Bible, that guide our church.
- The Church of Nazarene is characterized by a great spirit of positive enthusiasm and anticipation concerning its pastor, its members, its programs, and its ministry.
- The Church of the Nazarene uses every method imaginative to meet the needs of people and bring them into a personal relationship with Jesus Christ as Lord and Master of their lives.
- The Church of the Nazarene views money as a means to ministry, and embrace the biblical teaching of storehouse tithing.
- The Church of the Nazarene places an immeasurable value on lay ministry to fulfill the Great Commission of Christ.
- Our form of government is representative.
- The Church of the Nazarene has 3 levels of organization, the General level, the District level, and the local level.
- The General level is operated by 6 General Superintendents and a General Board.
- The District level is operated by a District Superintendent and a District Advisory Board.
- The Local level is operated by the Pastor and the Local Church Board.
JOIN US ON FACEBOOK AND YOUTUBE
Hospitality & Tourism: Sales Support Associate - Customer Service & Sales - (Glen Burnie, MD)
Job DescriptionWe have recently expanded throughout the Northeast and plan to double in size again within the next year. We have a proven ability in the telecommunications industry and have recently signed a MAJOR national account that requires us to hire for entry-level marketing & sales positions with RAPID, merit-based advancement opportunity. We pride ourselves on providing clients with a personal, professional approach to promotional marketing and customer acquisition. Our talented team.
ADVERTISEMENT
From LocalJobBoard - 1 month agoANKARA (Reuters)—Turkey’s ties with Washington will be impacted if the United States does not extradite the cleric it accuses of masterminding a failed military coup, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said.
Sever ties? Ha-ha-ha… I don’t believe these clowns, but who knows? Criminal country of Turkey must be kivked out of all serious organizations, that’s for sure.
It is frightening to see barbarians pretending to be human and European ,do not ever expect real civilised behaviour from Turkic savages.Displaying items by tag: JSW Cement
CCI approves sale of JSW Cement stake to holding company20 August 2021
India: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) approved the acquisition of a 12.55% stake in JSW Cement Ltd by Singapore-based AP Asia Opportunistic Holdings Pte Ltd under the green channel route on 19 August 2021. Green channel is an automatic approval system, whereby a combination is deemed to have been approved by the CCI upon receiving the filing of the notice for the combination by the parties concerned.
The CCI stated that there were no overlaps between the parties to the proposed transaction and therefore it does not raise any risk of an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India, according to a notice filed with the regulator..
JSW Cement enters the concrete business with first ready-mixed concrete plant in Mumbai22 June successfully piloted at our captive plants at Dolvi and Vijaynagar and used in the expansion projects of JSW Steel. The experience gained from these projects gave us enough confidence to offer this unique concrete product to our large project customers,” said TN Viswanathan, Vice President of JSW Cement.
JSW Cement launches construction chemicals range14 June 2021
Ind."
India: JSW Group has established a new large projects division. The division combines the former large projects division of its subsidiaries JSW Cement and JSW Steel. It will use the group’s new end-to-end sales platform Aikyam, according to United News of India. The integration is expected to create large scale volume opportunities for the steel and cement businesses in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Karnataka, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
Director Parth Jindal said, "JSW Group has the unique advantage of providing an integrated offering to its large customers in the infrastructure and building industries space.” He added "I expect Aikyam to fundamentally change the way JSW works with its large clients, while ensuring that our relationships continue to get stronger through a single group interface, bolstered by strong internal collaboration. In the near future we plan to offer other group products such as paints, construction chemicals, ready-mix concrete and many others to our large institutional customers through the Aikyam interface."
JSW Cement buys Salboni power plant from JSW Energy09 March 2021. Both companies are subsidiaries of JSW Group.
India: JSW Cement has hired US-based Yalochat to supply software for transactions with trade customers. It says it is among the first Indian cement companies to introduce conversational commerce services to this marketing segment. The software promises to increase the company’s ease of doing business by integrating customer service into transactions via the WhatsApp messaging platform. The producer says that this will help differentiate it as it transitions to 25Mt/yr of production capacity by 2023 from 14Mt/yr.
Managing director Parth Jindal said, -synchronised and timely deliveries.".We are very focused on our after sales service as 2 of our Directors have a long history in the maintenance and service side of the Industry.
We offer a full after sales maintenance contract for all machines we supply.
Our highly trained service engineers travel the 32 counties of Ireland to meet our customers' needs.
As part of our after sales backup we have an extensive range of spare parts and accessories.Jeremy J Barlow
Wealth Management Advisor
- CFP®
- AR License: #3430776
- CA License: #0D72353
- NPN 3430776
111 E Broadway Ste 1400, 801-433-1630Visit my website
Salt Lake City, UT 84111
FINRA BrokerCheck
About my practice
I live in Bountiful, Utah with my wife, Lisa, and our five children. I enjoy early morning waterski runs, snow skiing, mountain biking, and playing endless backyard soccer & football games with family and friends. I work tirelessly to provide quality solutions to my clients that will provide confidence for a lifetime.
Get in touch
Location
To learn more about Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC and its financial representatives, visit FINRA BrokerCheckPeople often talk about Dan Wolk following the political footsteps of his mother Lois. Yes, true indeed, but his love of the law comes from his father Bruce.
“My dad would appreciate that,” Dan Wolk said with a smile. “It’s sometimes looked at as some sort of immaculate conception. I can assure you that my dad played a very significant role in my upbringing.”
Bruce is a Professor of Law and Dean Emeritus at the University of California, Davis Law School. His mother Lois is — as most of you know — our State Senator. The two came together and had Dan, the lawyer who is now making a run at the 4th Assembly District. (Another son is a doctor in North Carolina, but that’s not relevant to this narrative).
“It runs in the blood,” Dan Wolk said. “We’ve had some very interesting conversations around the dinner table over the years.”
Dan is now eyeing the empty seat in the 4th Assembly. Bill Dodd, the current owner of that seat, is running for Lois’ State Senate seat. Dodd beat out Dan in an earlier run at the Assembly and joins the many who are endorsing his former rival.
Lois is now endorsing Bill Dodd for her termed-out position. She also is endorsing Dan for Assembly. That would really be an awkward conversation at the dinner table if she didn’t.
“I think he’ll be better at it than I was, because he is an attorney” Lois said of her son during a visit to The Reporter in January. “Much of what we do is lawmaking and the language can get very difficult. He’s a good problem solver, works well with people and is good at building relationships, which is a great advantage.”
Much like his mother, Dan is currently serving as the Mayor of Davis and has been on the Davis City Council since 2011. Much like his father, he is still involved in the law as Deputy County Counsel for Solano County and the founder of the Legal Clinic of Yolo County, a legal services provider for low-income families.
Dodd announced he would run for State Senate in July and that’s when Dan decided to take another run at Assembly. Since then, he has been building up his endorsements and getting ready for the stretch drive to the June 7 primary.
The 4th Assembly covers Napa, Yolo and Lake counties, along with Dixon and other parts of rural Solano County. The map also juts out to the West for a piece of Sonoma County in the city of Rohnert Park. It’s a very rural and agricultural district with the largest city being Napa itself.
Dan has led efforts to construct a regional water project in Davis, he said, and pushed for greater investment in streets, parks and other vital infrastructure, promoted renewable energy initiatives and has tried to pass fiscally responsible city budgets while restoring the city’s rainy day reserves. It’s those ideas and lessons in city politics that he hopes to carry with him to Sacramento.
Dan grew up in Davis and is a product of the local schools. He attended Stanford and received his law degree from the University of California, Berkeley’s Boalt Hall, so sitting on the fence of that rivalry may serve him well. He lives in Davis now as an adult with his wife Jamima, a former professional triathlete and small business owner, and their two young daughters, Avery and Layla.
He said it was never his intention to return to Davis. It just worked out that way. Now he has played a big role in public service.
And he can’t believe his mom won’t be in politics anymore.
“She’s done and won’t serve again,” he said. “I’ve been very impressed with all she’s accomplished.”
This column is not intended as an endorsement. It’s way too early in the game for that. This is just a story about a son who has followed his mother into politics and used much of what he learned of the law from his father to do so.
But all you have to do is peruse his extensive endorsement list to know that many have already jumped on board.
The author is managing editor at The Reporter. His email address is mmiller@thereporter.com.Description
Leopardskin Agate chips with a lovely color on fishline comprise this 36 inch continuous strand necklace. This can be worn as a long necklace or used in arts and crafts projects. Each strand is sold individually
Agate is believed to be a stone of love, abundance, luck, and harmony. It is thought to heal issues of the eyes, stomach, and uterus, cleanse the lymphatic system and pancreas, and strengthen the blood vessels.
This chip bead necklace is approximately 36 inches long. Each specimen is unique. Product shipped may not be exactly as in the photo; picture is a typical example.Panathianikos did what it needed to stay in the Group B pack after half the regular season as it defeated Krka 64-74 on the road at Novo Mesto, Slovenia on Thursday. Tough defense was the main ingredient as the Greens raised their record to 3-4 and a fifth-place tie with Montepaschi. Krka fell to 1-6, tied for last place with Unicaja. Kostas Tsartsaris led the winners with 18 points and 11 rebounds , while Nikos Hatzivrettas and Arriel McDonald tallied 14 each. New center Haris Mujezinovic added 10 points in 15 minutes on the floor for the Greens. For Krka, Rick Rickert put up 19 points, Marko Antonijevic 12 and Clarence Gilbert 11.
The game started with a fast pace but ineffective offense, as the first points weren't scored until nearly 2 minutes had gone by when Tsartsaris Konstantinos gave Panathinaikos a 0-2 lead. Krka answered with triples from Clarence Gilbert and Marko Antonijevic, but defense continued to dominate as missed shots were abundant throughout the quarter. In the 8th minute, Krka's Mario Dundovic equaled the score at 10-10 but Tsartsaris quickly responded with a layup for 10-12. As the quarter came to a close, Chatzivrettas nailed a triple, giving the guests a 12-17 advantage. At the end of one quarter, the score stood at 14-17 following Marton Bader's 2 free thows.
Krka took its first lead early in the second quarter after 2 Mario Dundovic free throws and a triple from Antonijevic made it 19-17. Panathinaikos couldn't keep the hosts off the offensive glass, as Bader and Rick Rickert followed up with baskets and the score was 23-17. Panathinaikos switched to a zone defense and went on a 0-6 run spurred by McDonald's 4 consecutive points and after Mujezinovic's basket the score was knotted at 23-23. Panathinaikos continued to surge ahead but Krka temporarily stopped the bleeding and pulled to 28-31 after Slobodan Subotic's first triple of the night. McDonald was irrepressible, however, and his 10th point of the night made the score 28-35. Panathinaikos took a 29-37 lead into halftime after free throws by Mujezinovic.
Krka started third period replacing Slobodan Subotic and Duscak, who didn't score in the first half, with a newly-signed player, Mindaugas Budzinauskas, who immediately scored a three-pointer. Tsartsaris and Mujezinovic protected Panathinaikos's advantage, however, and made the score 35-44 in the 24th minute. When Fragiskos Alvertis made his first three-pointer of the night, Panathinaikos's lead was up to 37-47. Krka started to play nervously and picked up several fouls. Panathinaikos made its maximal lead at 38-52 but in the 29th minute, but Antonijevic scored his third three and lowered the deficit to 45-55 at the end of three quarters.
Rickert opened the last period with quick jumper. He soon got an answer from Dimitri Papanikolau who made his first points with a layup. Rickert registered his 15th point in the 35th minute of the game but Panathinaikos continued with great defense. Hatzivrettas made his 12th point, the score was 51-63 with 3 minutes to go. Soon after that Duscak went to the bench scoreless. Hatzivrettas made another layup to make it 51-68. When Rick Rickert scored and Gilbert hit another three Krka came within 61-68 with 2 minutes to go. But Krka's wake-up came too late.A recent conversation on our family mailing list brought 911 Mysteries to my attention. (Watch part 1, part 2, and part 3 of the first installment, Demolitions.) The producers make a pretty compelling argument, although I could just be too willing to believe people in positions of power are capable of shocking feats of corruption.
The movie doesn't make accusations, perhaps one of its strongest aspects. It just presents lots of evidence, about buildings and steel and fire and explosions and demolitions and insurance and investments and permits and planes and volcanoes and thermite and basements and the weekend before 9/11, then leaves it up to the viewer to ask the gut-wrenching impossible questions: What if...?
I had just finished reading Barbara Kingsolver's The Poisonwood Bible the week before 9/11. In the novel, some of the characters get caught up in a removal of a legitimate African government apparently orchestrated by the US since the African government wanted something out of line with American expectations. I remember thinking after 9/11 that I wouldn't be surprised if it came out someday that somehow the US government was behind or aware of the tragedy. If some portion of our government is orchestrating coups in other countries and no one calls them on it loudly enough, it's really only a matter of time before that portion tries the same scenario at home.
They must have felt so confident. Decades of pulling off the downfall of governments, of protecting the interests of the few at the cost of the many, of using popular mainstream media to tell a gullible public what to believe. After so much practice abroad, to so little consequence, it must have been easy.
May the truth, the unbiased, uncompromised, unadulterated truth, whatever it may be, be revealed.If you are in immediate danger, please call 911.
Hotlines provide help, support, information, and referrals. Most hotlines offer free 24-hour assistance and, in some cases, provide over-the-phone crisis counseling.
If you call 311, you will be connected to the New York City Hotlines, or you will be offered phone numbers for other resources.
Local/City Hotlines: For support, information, and resources available near you, you may call one of the city hotlines listed below.
National Hotlines: National hotlines can provide you with information, resources, and services available outside of New York City or New York State. See below for a list of national hotlines.Ethereum
Why Ethereum POS will be a ‘more complicated upgrade’
Ethereum developer, Tim Beiko, recently updated on Twitter that the ETH POS Merge “will be a more complicated upgrade than past ones.” Therefore, he added that they will need some “extra buffer relative to their regular upgrade schedules” as they pushed up the EIP-4345 upgrade. He added,
“A lot of the work will be towards planning for “disaster recovery” cases, which is quite hard to estimate.”
He further explained that developers will likely update their nodes more than once as they will use the proof-of-work difficulty to set the Merge. He added,
“The difficulty bomb is based on the current network hashrate, and if the hashrate falls rapidly prior to the merge (as miners want to sell their GPUs), that could accelerate the advent of the bomb.”
Keeping this event in mind, the date of EIP-4345 Difficulty Bomb was pushed up. It was scheduled to go off in December, but now it will be pushed to June 2022. In this context, Beiko reasoned,
“We need all client teams to be ready for the merge & different teams may be comfortable with different timelines.”
Beiko cautioned that pushing the bomb twice may “disrupt merge progress” and scheduling it “too far” can make it lose its “forcing function utility.” But, he added,
“We’d like this to be the last we push the bomb back, but everyone agrees having a safe, well-tested merge is the most important thing, by far, and we’re OK pushing the bomb back twice if that is required.”
Essentially, the Ethereum Improvement Proposal stated that it targets The Merge to occur before June 2022. However, if the Merge is not ready by then, EIP-4345 can be delayed further by the looks of things. On the contrary, Beiko stated that there are a lot of “unknowns,” and there is also a possibility that the Ethereum Bomb Upgrade prepones as well.
Therefore, Beiko thought that four months is a ‘generous timeframe’ to execute the codes before the Merge on the mainnet.
Apart from that, the ETH developers recently kicked off Amphora, another crucial upgrade towards the Merge. The various stages of the upgrade included milestones M1, M2, M3, and M4 that focused on implementing merge specifications like increasing technical complexity and node diversity. Apart from that, Beiko also updated that Pithos, the new devnet, was also successfully launched.
Beiko quoted another developer and said that having a clear set of milestones helped successful upgrades until now. And, they plan to keep this approach as the chain moves towards The Merge.
Where to Invest?Badger Company, Foot Balm, Peppermint & Tea Tree, 2 oz (56 g)
- Expiration Date:July 13
- Dimensions:7.1 x 7.1 x 2.5 cm , 0.09 kgSwitch to Imperial units
Product rank:
Frequently purchased together
Product overview
* .SEO Content Writer SEO Content Writer to join our team to help bring AhaSlides to even more people from all around the world.
What you will do
- Write articles, social media posts, announcements, newsletters… for thousands of AhaSlides’ users and prospects.
- Carry out market research, including doing keyword research and communicating directly with AhaSlides’ user base to understand your audience. Based on that knowledge, plan out content strategies and execute them.
- Optimise the content so that it ranks high on search result pages.
- You can also be involved in other growth-hacking projects at AhaSlides if you’d like. Our team members tend to be proactive, curious and rarely stay still in predefined roles.
- This is a full-time position, though we are also open to part-time applicants with the right experience.
- During lockdown periods, you will be working from home. We will discuss in detail in the interview.
What you should be good at
- Writing effective SEO content in English. It’s highly preferable that you have done it before, and have links to showcase your work.
- Having general experience in SEO is a big advantage.
- If you haven’t done any SEO writing, just being good at impactful writing or copywriting in general is also OK. We can train you the technical stuff.
- Having some experience in managing social media and content platforms (Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Quora, Youtube…) will be an advantage.
- Being able to write in a second language (other than English and Vietnamese) will be a nice advantage.
- Being a teacher / trainer will be an advantage, as it’s one of AhaSlides’ key customer groups.
What you will get
- Salary range for this position is from 12,000,000 VND to 30,000,000 VND (net), depending on experience/qualification.
- Performance-based bonuses are also available.
About AhaSlides
- Current team size: 14. Most team members speak English fluently. We are the pros in creating tech products (web / mobile apps), and online marketing (SEO and other growth hacking practices).
- Our office is at: Floor 9, Viet Tower, 1 Thai Ha street, Dong Da district, Hanoi.
Sounds all good. How do I apply?
- Please send your CV to dave@ahaslides.com (subject: “SEO Content Writer”).
- Please include links/excerpts of your previous works in your email.
- Please state your preferred job type (full-time / part-time).How to Find the Right Medical Assistant Training in Berry Alabama
Now that you have made a decision to join the gratifying field of health care and enroll in a medical assistant course in Berry AL, it’s time to select a school that will furnish the appropriate training. But just how do you undertake comparing and evaluating schools so that you subsequently enroll in the best one? A number of future students begin by checking out the medical assistant schools that are nearest to their residences and then lean toward those that have the most affordable tuition. While cost and location are very important, such things as accreditation, internship programs and job assistance are critical factors also. You may choose to take a look at some online medical assistant programs as an option also (more about that later). The main point is that prior to selecting a college you must finish your due diligence and compare all pertinent qualifications of the schools you are evaluating. And to help you with that process, we have provided a few questions that you need to ask each of the schools on your “maybe” list. But before we start that review, let’s talk a little bit about the role of a medical assistant and the type of training and credentials that are offered.
The Job of a Medical Assistant
The role of a medical assistant can be varied as well as demanding. Basically their role is to make sure that the Berry AL hospitals, clinics and other healthcare facilities where they work run efficiently. Depending on the type or size of facility, they can be more of a clinical assistant, an administrative assistant, or in smaller facilities both. They are responsible for giving direct support to the physicians, nurses and other medical professionals but can also be found working at the front desk or in an office. A few of the potential responsibilities of a medical assistant include:
- Completing insurance forms and filing claims
- Scheduling and confirming appointments
- Taking vital signs and weighing patients
- Taking blood and other fluid and tissue samples
- Preparing instruments and rooms for doctors
- Supplying basic support during examinations and procedures
Although Berry AL medical assistants can carry out almost any activity they are qualified to under Alabama law, some prefer to specialize in a specific area and obtain certification. Two of the options offered are for the Certified Clinical Medical Assistant (CCMA) and the Certified Medical Administrative Assistant (CMAA) offered by the National Healthcareer Association (NHA).
Medical Assistant Training and Certification
Compared to most other medical practitioners, medical assistants are not required to become certified, licensed, or to earn a college degree. However, a number of Berry AL employers would rather hire graduates of an accredited medical assistant training program (we’ll cover accreditation later ) that have earned certification. There are generally two choices offered for a formal education. The first and shortest way to becoming a medical assistant is to attain a diploma or a certificate. These programs generally take about a year to finish, a few as little as 6 to 9 months. They are developed to teach the fundamentals of medical assisting and ready graduates for entry level positions. The second alternative is to acquire an Associate Degree, which are typically 2 year programs offered at junior and community colleges as well as technical and vocational schools. They are more comprehensive in design than the diploma or certificate programs, and include liberal arts courses in addition to the medical assistant training. They often have a clinical element requiring individuals who wish to boost their careers. Not only will it help in getting a position after graduation, but it might also enhance preliminary salary negotiations. Some possible Berry AL employers just will not employ a medical assistant that has not attained certification or accredited formal training. The most popular and arguably the most highly regarded certification is the Certified Medical Assistant (CMA) offered by the American Association of Medical Assistants (AAMA). In order to sit for the CMA examination, an applicant must have graduated or will graduate within thirty days from an accredited medical assistant program. Other certifications are available as well, including the CCMA and the CMAA that we discussed earlier which are provided by the NHA.
Online Medical Assistant Programs
There are numerous accredited medical assistant programs offered online also. They are an excellent alternative for students who may not have such as for commuting, textbooks and school supplies can be reduced as well. But keep in mind that all requirements for clinical training or internships must still be met, but they can typically be completed in local Alabama medical facilities. If you can learn without the rigid structure of attending supervised classes on campus, then this mode of receiving your education may be the ideal option for you. Between the online lessons and the clinical training, everything necessary to achieve proficiency to work as a medical assistant in Berry AL is furnished.
Concerns to Ask Medical Assistant Colleges
Before you can start examining your medical assistant program alternatives, you need to choose which kind of credential you would like to earn, and if you would prefer attending classes on campus near Berry AL or online at home. After those selections have been made, you can begin the process of comparing colleges. As we discussed at the opening of this article, some students restrict their searches to the colleges that are nearest to home with the most affordable tuitions. Although cost and location are significant qualifications, they are not the only ones. There are several additional considerations that you need to examine when evaluating Alabama programs. To assist you with that process, following are some questions that you should ask about each of the schools you are thinking about before making your ultimate selection.
Is the Medical Assistant School Accredited? There are a number of good reasons to make sure that the school you choose is accredited. First, accreditation helps guarantee that the training you receive will be both extensive and of the highest quality. Second, if you plan on becoming intend on applying for a student loan or financial assistance, they are normally not offered for non-accredited programs. And last, as previously mentioned, a number of potential Berry AL employers will not employ a medical assistant who has not graduated from an accredited program.
What is the Program’s Passage Percentage? The majority of accredited Berry AL area medical assistant schools create their programs to ready students to pass one or more certification examinations. To start with, you need to find out which of the certifications the programs you are considering are preparing their students for. If you are planning on taking the CMA for example, then naturally you will need to enroll in a program focused on that certification. Second, learn what the program’s passage rate is for the certification and contrast it to the national average. Doing this is one of the methods to help assess the quality of a school’s program. Obviously programs with low rates are those that you will want to eliminate.
Which Programs are Provided? As we covered earlier, there are essentially two paths to getting medical assistant training. You can choose a diploma or certificate program and get entry level training in the fastest amount of time, starting at just 6 months, however the average is about one year. Or you can elect to earn an Associate Degree and receive a broader education that will require approximately 2 years to complete in a community college or vocational school. Whatever program you decide to pursue, make certain that the Berry AL area colleges you are reviewing provide the type of program you are interested in.
Are Internships Offered? A large number of Alabama medical assistant colleges sponsor internship programs with area health care providers. They are a great way to receive hands-on clinical training and experience. They may also help students establish relationships within the Berry AL medical community. And as an added perk, they are an advantage on resumes and for job interviews as well.
Is Job Placement Support Provided? Landing that first job may be a challenging task for graduating medical assistant students unless they have a little assistance from a job placement program. Confirm that the colleges you are interviewing offer job placement assistance and find out what their placement rate is. If a school has a higher job placement rate for its graduates, it affirms that it has a good reputation within the medical community. It also indicates that it has a wide network of employers in the Berry AL area to help place students in jobs.
How Large are the Classes? Class size may be an indicator of how much individual attention you will receive during your training. Small classes and classes with a higher teacher to student ratio are more likely to offer greater access to teachers and one-on-one interaction. If practical, try to monitor a few classes before choosing a school in the Berry AL area to experience what the teaching atmosphere is like and just how much attention the students get.
Is Class Scheduling Practical? If you plan on attending a medical assistant school while you continue working full time, it’s imperative that the school you select provides classes that accommodate your schedule. If you have to go to classes at night or on weekends in Berry AL, make sure that those times are offered. You may be able to fit your classes in easier with an online school, but you will still have to schedule all clinical training or internships that may be required. Also, find out what the policy is for making up classes that you may have to miss due to work, illness or family issues.
Enroll in the Ideal Medical Assistant Program in Berry AL
It’s imperative to begin your new career on the right foot by picking a medical assistant college that will furnish the appropriate training. Whether you’re planning to begin a career in medical care starting out as a medical assistant or to practice medical assistance as your life long career, you need to get the appropriate info on available programs before making your decision. There are so many colleges offering training these days that you can make a decision based upon your personal preferences and individual circumstances. And as we have addressed in this article, make certain that the program you decide on is accredited by an acknowledged agency, such as the CAAHEP. This is especially critical if you anticipate taking the CMA certification exam. But regardless of the kind of credential that you intend to earn or if you have made a decision to attend either an online or on-campus school, make sure to ask the questions we have supplied so you can compare programs and make an informed decision. And by selecting the right program you can ultimately begin a gratifying career as a medical assistant in Berry AL.
Why Did You Desire to Be a CMA?When prepping to interview for a medical assistant position, it's important to reflect on questions you could be asked. One of the things that interviewers often ask applicants is "What drove you to select medical assistance as a profession?". What the interviewer is attempting to discover is not just the private reasons you may have for becoming a Certified Medical Assistant, but also what attributes and skills you possess that make you good at your profession. You will undoubtedly be asked questions relating specifically to medical assisting, as well as a certain number of routine interview questions, so you should prepare a number of strategies about how you would like to address them. Because there are so many variables that go into choosing a career, you can respond to this primary question in a number of ways. When formulating an answer, try to include the reasons the work appeals to you along with the talents you have that make you an excellent medical assistant and the ideal choice for the position. Don't make an effort to memorize a response, but take down several concepts and topics that pertain to your own experiences and strengths. Going over sample responses can help you to prepare your own thoughts, and give you ideas of what to include to enthuse the interviewer.
Some Cities in Alabama That May Be Of InterestAlert message sent 16/07/2021 15:56 our community.
Be the voice of the victim who does not have one.
If you know a friend, neighbour or family member experiencing Domestic Abuse please contact us on 101, Crime stoppers -
Kind Regards
Dave
Cleethorpes Policing Team
Powered by the Neighbourhood Alert: community messaging system and survey tools.The Syrian peace talks in Geneva collapsed after just two days of tense negotiations, but the international Muslim community is not ready to give up just yet according to OIC Secretary General Iyad Amin Madani.
Despite the difficulties plaguing the Syrian peace talks in Geneva, the international Muslim community says it remains hopeful the peace process can be resumed soon.
The Organisation of Islamic Co-operation - which has more than 50 member states - has urged the parties to find a truce in Syria.
The OIC Secretary-General, Iyad Amin Madani, spoke to SBS after the internationally-brokered peace talks collapsed after just two days.
He said mediation was necessary to allow the opposition to find a united voice in the talks.
“It’s important to understand that violent actions, military actions, by themselves will not do the trick, they are not the full answer,” Mr Madani said.
“But that’s all we hear now. All we hear now are statements of how we can bomb more. I have not heard much about creating hope, creating a sense for the future.”
He said the moral responsibility for the Syrian conflict lay squarely with the regime of President Bashar al Assad.
Mr Madani believes it is important to ask who stands to benefit from instability in Syria, Iraq, Egypt and Lebanon.
"All we hear now are statements of how we can bomb more. I have not heard much about creating hope, creating a sense for the future.”
“We have to see who the beneficiaries are,” he said.
“I think if we do that we can find a decisive way of defeating organisations like ISIS.”
However when pressed he refused to name a beneficiary.
Mr Madani, the first Saudi Arabian to hold the position at the OIC, said the collapse of the talks was what he called a really sad example of how the parties, including international players, had not been able to act earlier.
He said OIC member states such as Turkey, Jordan and Lebanon had shouldered most of the burden for the refugees coming out of the Syrian conflict.
Asked whether countries such as Australia - which has accepted an additional 12,500 refugees, should take more Syrians, he said the OIC was grateful for the assistance provided by a number of countries, but emphasised that the focus should be on ending the conflict.
“We wouldn’t have a refugee problem if the Syria crisis… if the international community, the regional community found the solution,” he said.
“So I think the focus is not on what to do with the refugees, it’s on what to do with Syria itself.”
Watch an extended interview with Mr Madani above.~One of a kind snap-back cap hand crafted with love positive intention for a unique soul. This hat is retro fitted with lovely pink and purple floral fabrics and a strip of a handwoven Bolivian textile as the centerpiece. This Uplifted Mind cap includes two secret stash pockets for your convenience. These hats are festival and every day ready, covered with a fabric protector to repel stains, spills, and water. *Please read our Return Policy before purchase.Fresh and Bright Summer Salad Recipe
Seasonal Allergies + The Benefits of CBD
CBD Infused Salad Dressing
Live In The Moments Of Serenity And Peace With CBD Oil For Sleep
CBD for Women's Health
Batch in your Night Cap
Archive
Birth of Batch
Learn More
Batch Apothecary was born out of a desire to help the people we love feel better, relax better, and sleep better through the healing power of CBD.
Learn
Learn More
CBD (cannabidiol) is one of the most buzzed-about health products at the moment, and for good reason… It’s the second-most common compound in hemp and cannabis plants.
Founder
Learn More
Batch Apothecary was founded in 2019 by Dana Mitchell, a small business owner and former nurse from Downers Grove, Illinois. After working as a labor and delivery nurse for 15 years.Keir Starmer’s six tests for the Brexit deal, based on promises made by the Leave campaign, are still Labour policy. They were: – Scotland, Wales, NI and England?
As far as I can see, our current Brexit deal fails to meet any of these tests.
When will Starmer and the Labour Party start looking at how the six tests measure up with the nightmare Brexit that has actually been imposed on the UK?
Sally Churchill
Pontypridd, South Wales
Piers reviewed
May I commend Will Self’s article on public protest and Piers Corbyn (TNE #266).
In the 1970/1980s I worked for a health food co-operative in Camden; a group of us including Piers went down to the town hall in Kings Cross to protest about empty housing in our borough.
He and I went into the building to find it almost empty of council workers; Piers started taking down signs from the doors of the offices; treasurer, housing and other signs. It was a facile attempt at anarchy that would only bring our justifiable objections into disrepute.
My view is that Piers is an educated numbskull.
John Reid
Hove
Border cannot be denied
The argument used by Ed Kelly (Letters, TNE #266) that most people don’t want a border on the island of Ireland because of how they voted in the 2017 Stormont elections doesn’t survive contact with legal reality.
By that logic, the fact most people vote SNP in Scotland should mean Scotland is now an independent state.
It is not and will not be until the outcome of a legally binding referendum sees the people of Scotland choose independence.
Until then, the legal fact is Scotland remains part of the UK.
The dishonesty of politicians from all sides, on the Irish border, does not change the legal fact that, until or if, the people of NI and the Republic hold a legally binding referendum where they both vote in favour of replacing NI and the Republic with a new state, the legal reality is that NI is part of the UK and not in the EU, while the ROI is part of the EU and the legal reality is that the EU/UK border is the ROI/NI border.
Being honest that the border is on the island will not help or hinder the debate on the future of the island.
It will be one of the countless factors that make up that debate.
Desmond FitzGerald
Canary Wharf, London
Coke is it
TNE is right to major on the dominance of China (“A future made in China”, TNE #266).
This is why the prime minister is so foolish to delay the coke coal mine in Cumbria.
Steel is the sine qua non for nuclear power plants and railways, and coke coal is needed for steel. Would the prime minister rather pay good money to China and import their coke coal?
John Barstow
All pain for no gain
I enjoyed Nigel Warburton’s thoughts on pain in Everyday Philosophy (TNE #265). I’d like to suggest another motivation: inflicting pain on others – especially those perceived to be “the enemy”.
The more the Remain campaign talked up the benefits of EU membership, the more hardened some Brexiteers seemed to become. I suspect that hearing people talk about the wonders of freedom of movement, for example, only made them more determined than ever to “take them down a peg or two” – even if there’s a personal cost involved.
Perhaps that personal cost appears “worth it” if others who are succeeding are seen to suffer too? In America, I believe they call this “owning the Libs”.
I’d love to know if there’s been any research into why people would revel in causing such harm to their fellow countrymen.
Paul Pschierer-Barnfather
Chester
Not much COP
What hope of lasting success from COP26 when this government’s organisers cannot foresee that wheelchair access might be needed in Glasgow?
How embarrassing that Israeli minister, Karine Elharrar, should have to return to her hotel unable to get access to the building. Just another example of the sheer incompetence of the government.
John Slate
West Moors, Dorset
Sewer feeling
If we were still in the EU, it is likely that pumping sewage into our waterways would attract opprobrium and even, possibly, a fine.
We are told that the Victorian system would cost billions to upgrade. How far would the billions spent on HS2 take us?
Bryan Ferriman
Kenilworth
D’Hondt do it!
You might have noticed that the Dutch have made another record; 226 days to put together a four-party coalition government. The previous record was in 2017, when it took 225 days. The Dutch use the same proportional voting system as the UK used in EU elections; the D’Hondt invented by a French academic in the 19th century. And like all proportional systems, it is conditional on being regulated by mandatory attendance at the polls.
However, neither country uses mandatory attendance and rely instead on high turnouts to get proportional results.
Successive Dutch results have produced near-proportional outcomes because turnouts have been in the high 70%s to the low 80%s. However, the system as used is fake irrespective of turnout.
Unfortunately, in the UK the European parliament elections resulted in low turnouts, averaging 35% with the Brexit Party topping the 2019 poll (37.18% turnout) with 30.5% share of the vote, but allocated 39.7% share of the seats, amounting to five more seats than it was proportionally entitled to.
The Lib Dems came second with 19.6% and 21.9%, while Labour held the fulcrum position with 13.7% and 13.7%. The Green Party came fourth with 11.8% and 9.6%, while the Conservative Party came fifth with 8.8% and 5.5%.
The D’Hondt voting system produces proportional outcomes on the basis of high turnouts, which is why proportional systems are conditional on being regulated by mandatory attendance.
But the system is peculiar because it favours the parties with the highest turnouts while giving minor parties a small chance of acquiring seats, which is why on low turnouts the disparity in the share of seats is pronounced.
Kenneth Jarrett
Bournville
Fruits of passions
Reading Mark Mardell’s “The night that passion paid off”, (TNE #265) produced painful struggles with my conscience.
How many others reflected on, “For decades those who believed in the European project rarely had much stomach for battling for hearts and minds?”
How many others, when canvassing for their political party were told, “Don’t talk about the EU. The voters don’t like it.” How many millions of leaflets were delivered over decades that said nothing about the European Project? Where indeed was our passion and foresight?
I’m reading Mephisto by Klaus Mann. Written in 1936, Mann’s narrator reflects on Germany and displays passionate foresight: “It’s just beyond belief – the world has never seen the like! Is there a crisis? Are there unemployed? Is there a struggle for power? Was there any republic that lacked not only self-respect but even the instinct of self-preservation when challenged by its most insolent and savage enemies before the eyes of the world?”
Our future’s history will not excuse us: 21st-century fascism fuels prejudices and grievances across a planet threatened by those with vested interests in minimising the actions required to save it. Populism’s passionate lyrics still resonate across the USA and Europe.
In 1936 Klaus Mann asked, “Must men become savages again?” The answer was yes, and the European project emerged from that savagery. The rise of 21st-century fascism, contemporaneously with our planet’s climate extinction crisis, asks the same question of us.
“Must men become savages again?” The answer can be NO – but only if we are passionate enough.
Ian G L Jones
Middlesbrough
Mark Mardell writes interestingly on the Commons voting 50 years ago to take Britain into the Common Market, and the deeply emotional effect that the decision had on a notoriously reticent PM.
His article caused me to re-read the remarkable “back story” of Edward Heath, and appreciate his many talents and achievements.
He was a great man, albeit with flaws, such as petulance. However, unlike the current PM, who has needlessly destroyed his European dream, Heath by contrast was courageous, industrious, principled, serious and imbued with a deep patriotism.
For Remainers who want to honour Heath and mourn our EU membership loss, I recommend a visit to Arundells, his former home, in Salisbury’s Cathedral Close.
This glorious house, contents and gardens are open to the public, by arrangement.
Tim Fearon
Sherborne, Dorset
• Have your say by emailing letters@theneweuropean.co.uk. Our deadline for letters is Monday at 9am for inclusion in Thursday’s edition. Please be concise – long letters may be edited before printing.Session Ends with Successes and Changes
Unexpectedly, on the 59th day of the 60 day legislative session, Ron Kouchi became Senate President and reorganized the Senate. The timing of the leadership change is highly unusual in that leadership decisions are usually made after elections and before legislative sessions begin, not several months after an election and when the session is winding down.
I was among six voting against 19 on the resolution to replace Senator Donna Kim with Senator Kouchi. As part of the reorganization, I lost my position as Vice-Chair of Agriculture, and Senators Green, Thielen and Ruderman lost their chairmanships of the committees on Health, Water and Land, and Agriculture, respectively. Senator Chun Oakland was also removed as Chair of Housing, but may retain the Chair of Human Services.
I am proud to have served on all of these committees because we did a ton of good work this year. The Health Committee moved legislation to require insurance coverage for autistic children and orofacial surgery to repair cleft lips. The Water and Land Committee heeded the public will and opposed the nomination of Carlton Ching to Chair the Department of Land and Natural Resources, which led to the very qualified Suzanne Case being confirmed. The Agriculture Committee successfully established a Farm to School Coordinator to work through bureaucratic roadblocks on getting fresh, locally grown food into our schools. The Human Services and Housing Committee significantly expanded funding for affordable housing projects.
The biggest news for our district this year must be passage of SB284, the restructuring of the Turtle Bay agreement. This bill authorizes the State purchase of 55 acres and City purchase of 5 acres at Kawela Bay, and places a conservation easement on 562 acres of land from Kawela to Kahuku Point.
With leadership from Governor Ige and renewed negotiations by all parties, the revised agreement for preservation of these lands will involve a state investment of $35 million, City addition of $7.5 million and the Trust for Public Land and the US Army contribution of $2.5 million. Compared to last year’s agreement, the resort owners receive $3.5 million less and retain an additional 29 acres, but still propose no more than 725 units, a tremendous reduction from the 3500 envisioned a few years ago.
The last four months shot past with many exciting moments and very little time to catch one’s breath. We had the highly publicized confirmation hearings, rail tax extension, medical marijuana dispensaries, Turtle Bay conservation, Maui hospitals privatization and the dramatic Senate restructuring. I would like to thank my staff for their dedication and assistance through this strenuous period. Mahalo to my Office Manager, Kalei Keolanui, my Policy Advisor, Maxx Phillips, and to our session staff, Katie Southwick and Ellyn Tong.
Car accidents in Arizona often involve multiple vehicles colliding with one another, whether slowly or at a high rate of speed, whether in optimal conditions or due to poor weather. But those are not the only types of car accidents that occur. Additional collisions may involve a bicyclist, a pedestrian, a motorcyclist, or another type of vehicle. In Arizona, ATVs, golf carts, motorized scooters, and even wheelchairs unfortunately are involved in car accidents on an occasional basis. When a collision involves a large, heavy vehicle like a car and a smaller, less protected vehicle like a scooter, golf cart, or ATV, injuries are likely to result and likely to affect the riders of the smaller vehicles disproportionately.
When a traffic-related accident occurs in the greater Phoenix area and one or more individuals involved sustains injuries, it may be possible for those victims to obtain financial relief for their losses. Damages including medical and surgical expenses, lost wages, and pain and suffering may be recoverable depending on the facts surrounding your unique collision. A personal injury lawyer based in Phoenix may help you understand your rights if your life has been affected by a crash and you were hurt.
A Tuesday morning collisions between a golf cart and a vehicle left an elderly man dead in Sun City, according to local officials. The incident occurred shortly after 11:00 a.m. in the area of Thunderbird and 99th Avenue when a Chrysler and a golf cart collided for reasons that are not yet clear. An 89-year-old man was allegedly operating the golf cart at the time and was thrown from the vehicle upon impact, sustaining critical injuries. Emergency medical crews arrived at the scene and transported the man to an area hospital but his injures were too severe and he died some time later.
The driver of the Chrysler was injured in the collision as well though the injuries were described as minor and that driver is expected to make a full recovery.
Officials have not yet determined what caused the two vehicles to collide or whether either operator acted in a negligent manner prior to the impact. The area was closed for several hours while investigators reviewed the scene but traffic was restored before the end of the day. The investigation continues at this time.
No amount of compensation can ever be considered adequate when a loved one loses his or her life in an accident but it can help ease the financial burden left behind by that loved one’s passing. The lawyers at Abels & Annes, P.C. understand that these collisions can affect and entire family and that the losses can be immeasurable.
To help victims understand their options, we offer a free case consultation to all those who call us toll free at (855) PHX-LAWYER or locally at (602) 819-5191 and we provide it without any obligation on your part. We are standing by 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year to provide you with the answers you deserve whenever you need them. If you have been hurt in an accident or if your family member lost his or her life, call Abels & Annes, P.C. today and let us help you seek the recovery you deserve.
Prior Blog Entry:
Pedestrian in Critical Condition Following Car Accident, Phoenix Injury Lawyer Blog, published September 9, 2014.
Resource:
Golf cart driver killed in Sun City collision, by Steve Stout, CBS5AZ.com, published September 10, 2014.Health care workers at the University of Illinois` Chicago Hospital on Monday join hundreds of Illinois nurses who claim unfair labor practices because of stalled contract negotiations. CHICAGO, Ill. (iwr-A0) – Today, workers ended a 10-day strike against unfair labor practices at the University of Illinois-Chicago, after reaching preliminary agreements offering workers covid-19 protection and wage increases. The agreements with the administration cover multi-year contracts for four bargaining units represented by SEIU Local 73 at the Chicago, Rockford and Peoria sites, including building technicians, technicians, office positions and professionals. Nearly 4,000 SEIU Local 73 UIC workers launched a strike on Monday, September 14, against unfair labor practices and asked the UIC to “respect us, protect us and pay us”, after the failure of contract negotiations worth more than a year. Staff at all UIC campuses offer a variety of services to students and patients, from building technicians who clean bathrooms to occupational therapists to people who work with children with special needs, to hospital staff. Recent strikes by SEIU Local 73 and the Illinois Nurses Association have led to a victory for UIC and University of Illinois hospital workers. After dozens of negotiation sessions, the INA, which represents more than 1,300 nurses, launched a seven-day strike on September 12. More than a year of failed contract negotiations, nearly 4,000 SEIU Local 73 UIC workers began two days later, in solidarity with the INA, a 10-day strike against unfair labor practices and demanded that the UIC “respect, protect and pay us.” Preliminary agreements reached by SEIU Local 73 and the UIC administration include: IBOT Local 700 – State & Municipal Teamsters, Chauffeurs & Helpers Union Contract and SEIU Local 73 union leaders claim that the UIC has put state workers on travel orders from Chicago to cross the picket lines.
Chicago Appendix C – Chicago (year 1) Former service unit – Chicago (year 1) Appendix C – Chicago (year 2) Former service unit – Chicago (year 2) Appendix C – Chicago (year 3) Former service unit Chicago (year 3) The University of Illinois Hospitals has filed a complaint to prevent certain intensive nurses from keeping strike stations and according to a judgment of the judge, some nurses have to keep working. A publication ban issued by the judge applies to 535 of the approximately 1,400 nurses working in the UIH system, but concerns only 118 nurses at the same time, the officials said. . Visiting University Professionals/AAP-IEA-NEA Vertrag (eff. 16.08.2016 – 15.08.2020) VAP-Verlängerungsvertrag 2020-2022 IBEW Local 134 (Elektriker) – International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Contract | Zusatzvertrag Graphic Communications International Union, Lokaler 568M Vertrag (eff. . . .File Photo. ISPR/AFP.
Pakistan began the operation. In addition, more than 800,000 people have been forced to flee from North Waziristan by the assault, with most ending up in in the nearby town of Bannu where they either live in government-run camps or pay high rents for private accommodation.
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Wild Lime and Lemongrass Soap
Wild Lime and Lemongrass Soap from the Radiant collection. This luxury soap bar is made from pure vegetable oils and is enriched with moisturising shea butter. It has a fresh and zesty fragrance containing striking notes of citrus and green grass. This balanced and effervescent perfume has a unisex appeal, enjoyed by anyone with a love of refreshingly bright scents.
The fully recyclable paper wrapping is plastic-free and designed in-house by our talented creative team. The eye-catching and beautiful artwork, finished with gold foil highlights, makes the Wild Lime and Lemongrass Soap a wonderful gift for friends or family.
Weighing a generous 190 grams, the Wild Lime and Lemongrass refreshing hand and body products in unique, beautifully designed packaging. View the entire Radiant Collection here.
Complete the fragrance by matching the Wild Lime and Lemongrass soap bar with the complimentary hand cream, hand sanitiser and hand and body wash. The Wild Lime and Lemongrass Wild Lime and Lemongrass soap with warm water and wash off.The Modena chef, owner of the Osteria Francescana, won for the second time the World’s 50 Best Restaurants, the most influential global ranking, thus winning the title of best restaurant in the world. The first victory came in 2016 and a few days ago did an encore in Bilbao (Spain). The Osteria Francescana, a three Michelin stars restaurant, is the first Italian restaurant to have ever won this award.
«… winning a second time is even more difficult than the first one! This award is not only mine but it is a victory for all […]. We are all part of the same revolution and together we can drive the change and build a better world. Culture will be the most important ingredient of the future ». These were the first words after the victory of the chef who managed to bring Italy to the top of world gastronomy, demonstrating that our country has a refined food culture and is much more than just trattorias and homemade kitchens (that by the way are very good too). In addition to Osteria Francescana, among the first 50 Best Restaurants there are also three other Italian names: Piazza Duomo in Alba, Le Calandre in Rubano and Reale in Castel Di Sangro in Niko Romito.
Bottura has been involved for long with some other chefs in a struggle for a more supportive kitchen as he himself said: his reference goes to the refectories for needy open in many Italian cities and beyond, where great chefs prepare delicacies with Caritas recovery food.
We make our great applause to Massimo Bottura and his entire team for the great victory!HillSouth Complete
Your business grows more dependent on technology daily. With HillSouth Complete, we can proactively manage your IT environment and minimize downtime. That means more productivity for you and your employees.
HillSouth Complete Plan includes:
- Includes maintenance and repair of existing systems.
- Business-hours-only and after-hours agreements available.
- Proactive approach cuts downtime in half compared to break/fix method.
- Dedicated team of engineers knows the specifics of your system.
- Regular assessments of your environment.
- Industry leading anti-virus software.
- Configured to meet all PCI compliance requirements for best-practice security.
- Centrally managed by our engineers to identify threats as quickly as possible.
- Agent operates on individual systems regardless of network environment.
- Allows remote access -- visible and in the background -- to remedy your issues as quickly and reliably as possible.
- 24/7 monitoring and automatic ticket creation/resolution.
- Workstation monitoring includes hard drive SMART status and System Drive space.
- Server monitoring includes RAID or SMART status, all hard drive space, and uptime.
- Network devices include ping-sweep uptime check.
- Additional monitoring (services, CPU/memory/network usage, port checks, etc.) available as needed.
- Automatic Microsoft updates after release.
- Optional “Test Pool” for immediate automatic updates.
- Include up to 5% of all client hardware.
- Allows testing of client-specific software interactions with Microsoft updates.
Billed per Device: Workstations and Servers, Firewalls, Network DevicesThe Best Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings of 2021
"Amazon, Amazon Prime, the Amazon logo and Amazon Prime logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates". AS AN AMAZON ASSOCIATE, WE EARN AFFILIATE COMMISSIONS FROM QUALIFYING PURCHASES.
Apart Best Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings To Buy, Readers Also Shopped for
Our Promise to Readers
We keep receiving tons of questions of readers who are going to buy Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings, eg:
- What is the best Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings for 2019, for 2018 or even 2017 (old models)?
- What is the best Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings to buy?
- What is the best Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings to buy for a Beginner?
- or even What is the best affordable (best budget, best cheap or even best expensive!!!) Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings?…
All of these above questions make you crazy whenever coming up with them. We know your feelings because we used to be in this weird situation when searching for Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings.
Before deciding to buy any Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings, make sure you research and read carefully the buying guide somewhere else from trusted sources. We will not repeat it here to save your time.
You will know how you should choose Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings and What you should consider when buying the Gas Lawn Edgers Ratings and Where to Buy or Purchase the Gas Lawn Edgers Gas Lawn Edgers Lawn Edgers Ratings.
Raise5.com is reader-supported. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Last updated on Nov-07,2019 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Recent Posts
hitachi cordless wand ma...
mary kay perfume discont...
3d cookie cutters christ...
a short history of a sma...:
With Swine Flu Cases Rising, Borders Are Tightened — Countries around the world began tightening their border and immigration controls Tuesday as the number of confirmed cases of swine flu continued to rise. — The number of deaths believed attributable to swine flu climbed to as many as 152 …
Discussion:
Anthony Faiola / Washington Post: Flu Outbreak Threatens Global Economic Recovery
David M. Herszenhorn / The Caucus: Swine Flu Briefings and Hearings Set on the Hill
Susan Duclos / Wake up America: Number Of Swine Flu Confirmed Cases Continues To Rise
Mizanur Rahman / Immigration Chronicles: Tightening borders, immigration checks for swine flu
Practical Tips for Combatting Swine Flu In Your Home — *I kinda hate to spread more panicky news about swine flu, even though this helpful document is the picture of dry bureaucratic accuracy. — People freak out over “pandemics,” even though we've got one of the worst pandemics in history …
Discussion: Time, Guardian, New York Times and Associated Press
Discussion:
Eben Harrell / Time: How to Deal with Swine Flu: Heeding the Mistakes of 1976
Anne Barnard / New York Times: Teenagers From Queens in Swine Flu Spotlight
Swine flu creates controversy on Twitter — (CNN) — The swine flu outbreak is spawning debate about how people get information during health emergencies — especially at a time when news sources are becoming less centralized. — Some observers say Twitter — a micro-blogging site …
Discussion: Guardian, Telegraph, The Sundries Shack, The Lede and First Draft
Discussion:
Robert Mackey / The Lede: Updates on the Swine Flu Outbreak
Athenae / First Draft: Swine Flu: The Internet's Fault
Senate set to confirm health secretary
Discussion: Wall Street Journal, MSNBC and Taegan Goddard's …
Globalism Goes Viral
Discussion: marbury, Commentary and Daniel W. Drezner?
Michelle Richmond / San Francisco Chronicle: Swine Flu: Obama's Katrina?
David Goldstein / Kansas City Star: Flu outbreak will be early test for Sebelius at HHS
Noam N. Levey / Los Angeles Times: Swine flu thrusts Napolitano into spotlight
Stephen Dinan / Washington Times: Lawmakers cut flu money from stimulus
William A. Jacobson / Le·gal In·sur·rec· tion: Nutroots Lied About Pandemic Preparations
Theresa Cook / Political Punch: To Calm Fears of Presidential Exposure to Swine Flu, White House Sends …
Crof / H5N1: US: Obama acts to ease flu fears
Emergency Hill hearings on swine flu
Discussion: The Note, Politics Daily and BBC
Discussion:
Kate Barrett / The Note: Not Everyone Panicking Over Swine Flu
Patricia Murphy / Politics Daily: Morning News Round-up
Swine Flu: The WHO's Moment
Discussion: UN Dispatch
Discussion:
John Boonstra / UN Dispatch: Anne Applebaum on the WHO — Anne Applebaum's column …
.
Discussion: The Daily Dish, Matthew Yglesias, The Huffington Post, The Atlantic Politics Channel, Politics Daily, Michael Calderone's Blog, Associated Press, The League of Ordinary …, The Washington Independent, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Upturned Earth, Neptunus Lex, The Hill's Blog Briefing Room, Gawker, Prairie Weather, No More Mister Nice Blog, ATTACKERMAN, Balloon Juice, marbury and Hot Air
Discussion:
Andrew Sullivan / The Daily Dish: The Party Of Cheney
John Wellington Ennis / The Huffington Post: Torture Finally Broke Them, Samizdata.net and QandO
Discussion:
Johnathan Pearce / Samizdata.net: Harry Palmer is shrugging, Ayn Rand style
Bruce McQuain / QandO: Quote Of The Day — One of my favorite actors, 76 year old …
.
Discussion: Salon, naked capitalism, Clusterstock, Guardian, FT Alphaville, The Big Picture, The Washington Independent and Calculated Risk: Mad Scramble To Spin Today's Stress Test Leak
Barry Ritholtz / The Big Picture: Bair: Break Up the Financial Supermarkets
The Politics of Liberal Amnesia — Nancy Pelosi is “pushing back” against charges that she was aware of — and acquiesced in — the CIA's harsh interrogations of terrorist detainees nearly from the moment the practice began, reports the Politico Web site. Maybe she's suffering from amnesia.
Discussion: Commentary and JammieWearingFool
Squanderer in chief — At a stop on his grand global apology tour this spring, President Obama was asked by a reporter in France if he believed in “American exceptionalism.” This is the notion that our history as the world's oldest democracy, our immigrant founding and our devotion …
Discussion: Washington Monthly, Wonk Room, Weekly Standard,
Pianist stops show with anti-US rant — • ‘Get your hands off my country’ audience told — • Polish player protests over missile defence shield — Krystian Zimerman, the great Polish concert pianist, is usually a man of few words. He doesn't, as a rule, talk to the audience during performances.
RELATED:
Krystian Zimerman's shocking Disney Hall debut
Discussion: Guardian, Don Surber, Raw Story and QandO
Discussion:
Stephen C. Webster / Raw Story: World-renowned pianist declares he will not return to U.S.
Bruce McQuain / QandO: Selective (and Safe) Outrage
Jet Flyover Frightens New Yorkers — …
Discussion: New York Post, The Huffington Post, TigerHawk, the talking dog, Outside The Beltway, BAGnewsNotes, MSNBC, American Power, Perfunction, Gawker, City Room and Hot Air
Donald Douglas / American Power: Change! Obama Flyovers Show Wall Street Bankers Who's Boss
Cuffy Meigs / Perfunction: Obama Tortures 9/11 Victims
Ryan Tate / Gawker: Why Louis Caldera Should Be Fired
RELATED:
PLANE DUMB — The Federal Aviation Administration seems to see the public as Enemy No. 1.
Discussion: Change.gov, Michelle Malkin, Wake up America and THE WEEK News & Opinion
How libertarian dogma led the Fed astray — The Federal Reserve has been hobbled by at least two major shortcomings that were primarily responsible for the current and several previous credit crises. Its failure to spot the importance of changing financial markets and its commitment …
Discussion: EconLog and Donklephant
Discussion:
Arnold Kling / EconLog: Henry Kaufman's Narrative of the Crisis
Justin Gardner / Donklephant: Quote Of The Day - Laissez-failure?
>>IMAGE.
Discussion:
Ann Althouse / Althouse: The Supreme Court decides the “fleeting expletives” case.
Plan to Cut Weapons Programs Disputed — Defense Supporters Say 100,000 Jobs Are in Jeopardy — Some of the nation's largest defense contractors, labor unions and trade groups are banding together to argue that the Obama administration is putting 100,000 or more jobs at risk by proposing deep cuts in weapons programs.
Discussion: The Reaction, Hot Air and OpenSecrets.org
Discussion:
Lindsay Renick Mayer / OpenSecrets.org: In Defense Spending Battle, Lawmakers Seek Funds for Top Donors
.
Discussion: Financial Times, Power Line, Pajamas Media, Commentary, TigerHawk and The Sundries Shack
Discussion:
Stephen Green / Pajamas Media: Party Time, Latin America Style
Jennifer Rubin / Commentary: Getting There, Slowly — Larry Kudlow questions whether the fix …2 bedroom Cottage near Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England
Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England
Price: From £51 per night
Bedrooms: 2 Guests: 4
Property Info
Accommodation Type
Cottages
Property Setting
Village / Rural
Exterior Facilities
- Garden
- Hot Tub
Interior Facilities
- Log Fire
- Internet Access
Bedrooms
2
Conditions
Child Friendly
Guests
4
Features
- Garden
- Open fire
- Hot tub
- Broadband
- Pub nearby
- Romantic
- Family friendly
- Rustic
Please note that the map is to provide an indication of the area and may not be exact.
One-Off Feature
This cosy cottage set within the grounds of the owner s home is simply perfect whatever the time of year, offering spacious and beautifully finished accommodation with easy access to the Cotswolds.
General Info
An elevated position overlooking the rolling countryside, within easy reach of one of the most picturesque Cotswold villages, Bourton on the Water. This village is packed with things to see and do to suit all tastes. Enjoy exploring the Motor Museum and take a stroll through the Model Village and for enthusiastic walkers and cyclists there is access to the Winchcombe and Cotswold Way, established paths covering this Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Further afield are Wildlife Park, Weston Arboretum, Blenhiem Palace, Slimbridge Wildfowl and Wetland, Gloucester Waterways Museum and the Cotswold Water Park. Take in the views across the meadows before you leave your walking boots within the solid wooden storm porch. Step inside where you will be pleasantly surprised, the lounge area enjoys light from the rear gardens along with a wood burner for chilly autumn evenings. There is a TV with a corner sofa that s perfect for a movie. A set of glazed double doors give access to the kitchen/diner and if left open you create a great space for entertaining. The kitchen area has a contemporary style and is well equipped with an electric oven and hob, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and washing machine. A large dining table with four chairs takes centre stage, finished with an open dresser well stocked with white china and when the day is done, climb the stairs where you will find the two bedrooms, a king size with views onto the grounds with an en suite bathroom with shower over bath and WC and completing the accommodation, a further king size with en suite shower room and WC. Step outside into the enclosed garden, the patio area is home to a hot tub that will accommodate four guests, perfect for an evening relaxing. There is also a table and chairs and lawn area with fruit tree, the perfect setting for al fresco dining and off road parking for two cars.
Accommodation Details
2 Bedrooms 2 king size. 1 En suite bathroom and 1 en suite shower room. Electric oven and hob, microwave, fridge, dishwasher and washing machine. Private hot tub. Wood burner (first basket of logs included). Electric and central heating included. Off road parking for 2 cars. Wi Fi included. 1 Dog welcome. Pub, shops and restaurants within walking distance. TV.Full-Time Digital Marketing Executive Vacancy At Bridge Global
Job Description
Bridge Global is looking for a digital marketing executive with 2+ years of experience in digital marketing. The person must be efficient, task-oriented, and ready to take responsibilities. You’ll be enthusiastic with a positive attitude, dedication, and willingness to work hard. Your duties will include planning, implementing, and monitoring our digital marketing works (SEO, SEM, SMO, SMM, PPC, reporting, etc.) across all digital networks.
What we looking for in you
Extensive experience in SEO Optimization.
Must have eCommerce SEO work experience.
Manage and maintain the organization’s websites.
Track and analyze website traffic flow and provide regular internal reports.
Attain key performance indicators such as reducing the website bounce rate, increasing dwell time, or improving conversion.
Content Distribution and Marketing.
Identify new trends in digital marketing, evaluate new technologies, and ensure the brand is at the forefront of industry developments.
B2B marketing – Software Product focused marketing.
Social Media marketing – Quora, Medium, LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest, etc.
Campaign Management- Google ads and other paid advertising campaigns.
Content Writing – Blogs, Infographics, Social Media Posts, Case Studies, etc.
Creative Skills – Image and Video creations
Key Skills
Digital Marketing
Content Writing – Blogs, Infographics, Social Media Posts, Case Studies, etc.
Excellent in SEO practices.
Work experience in Ecommerce SEO.
Knowledge in campaign management.
Content Distribution and Marketing.
Good in B2B marketing -Software Product focused marketing.
Social media management proficiency.
HOW TO APPLY
Apply On Bridge Global Website
Bridge Global
Building Number : 41/1368A, Edappally Tripunithura Road, Paadivattom, Edapally PO, Kochi – 682024
Bridge Global is a leading provider of technology solutions to businesses of varied sizes across the globe. The company has its roots in the Netherlands with offshore-onshore presence across the Americas, Sweden, Netherlands, India, and Ukraine.Article and photos by Penny Woodward
Typically mediterranean plants, lavenders and rosemaries love well-drained, sandy soils and lots of sun, but hate humidity. More are killed by overwatering or planting into heavy soils, than for any other reason. Once planted in the right position the only care needed is regular pruning. French lavenders (Lavandula dentata) are great because they flower for most of the year, have a lovely mentholy lavender scent and provide nectar for bees, butterflies and beneficial insects.
The ‘Monet’ cultivar is much smaller growing than the more common full sized French lavenders, reaching only 50cm in height and 40cm across. This makes it ideal for hedges, either along paths or at the back of vegetable beds. Tip prune a couple of times a year to maintain a good shape and stop it becoming too woody. Because it flowers for so long, its hard to pick the right time to prune, so just do it when you have time and put up with not having flowers for a few weeks. New plants can be easily grown from cuttings.
Prostrate rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis ‘Prostratus’) is the perfect rosemary to grow in a pot or raised bed where it can hang over the edge creating extra depth and interest. It has the added benefit of producing beautiful pale blue flowers in winter when not much else is in flower, as well as being a delicious herb used in a variety of dishes as well as herbal tea. Drink rosemary tea to sweeten the breath and ease indigestion, as well as helping a headache and improving memory.
Look at my facebook page to find out how I have been using this lavender and rosemary in an urban setting. Prostrate rosemary is fairly widely available but I have only seen dwarf French lavender ‘Monet’ for sale at DiggersImagine walking into a room full of college students and asking for a show of hands from those who don’t drink or smoke. Chances are you won’t see a lot of them in the air. Certain practices go hand in hand with university – and smoking and drinking seem to be in the top three. Many of my closest friends have been doing one or both since high school, or have picked up the habit in recent years, which didn’t really make a difference to me. So, the inspiration for this didn’t rise out of contempt for smokers or drinkers, but out of an incident over the summer when I was met with either bemused stares or cynical amusement when a friend and I turned down alcohol. He’s always been a teetotaler and is used to this, but for me, it was a wholly new experience. Guys, the judgment thing works both ways, so if we’re not calling you out for drinking through the night, I don’t understand why you have to raise your eyebrows at someone who doesn’t.
I made the personal choice to never smoke and quit drinking because of health concerns. I try my hardest to eat right (though I don’t always succeed.. Who can resist chocolates?), but when it comes to a lot of people around me, you’d think I’ve committed a crime! I cannot emphasize this enough – it is no one’s business what goes into your body but yours.
Unless you are actively harming yourself, no one has a say in what you eat, drink or otherwise do to your body. The ironic part here is that in high school and college, there’s peer pressure exerted to try ‘just one drink’ or ‘just one smoke’ wherein your decision to respect your body is what’s seen as strange or even wrong. Even if you used to drink or smoke and you chose to quit, people (including your own friends) persuade you to go in the opposite direction. For me, this is especially hard because I just quit drinking a couple of months ago, and being offered alcohol literally every single weekend has tested my willpower to its absolute limit.
I’ve seen friends drink their ‘sorrows away’ and ride ‘their highs’ – but research shows that the incidence of depressive episodes in heavy drinkers is statistically higher. While most risks are associated with chronic and heavy drinking, there is also evidence to suggest that “drinking a lot on a single occasion slows your body’s ability to ward off infections – even up to 24 hours after getting drunk.“
We all get it: College is the time to try new experiences. It’s time to break out of the mold and achieve your independence; however, those experiences need not be limited to a cigarette or bottle of vodka. Some of us are built differently or have different preferences, and can enjoy a concert, a road trip or a night out just as much without the influence of alcohol. As long as no one’s preaching to you about how you need to quit, live and let live. Even if you don’t mean to be irritating, the attempts at persuasion may begin to get annoying after a while. Unless you want to be the cause of a lost temper or an annoyed friend, respect their position, just as they respect yours. The problem is not in your shot glass, it’s in the fact that you keep attempting to tell your friend to do something that they’d rather not indulge in.
I’m not expecting a huge shift in anyone’s attitude or thought processes, but there’s really something to be said for the concept of ‘live and let live.’ If we choose to follow that, we have less hassle, less drama, less cancer and liver disease (hopefully), and definitely less judgment. So here’s your parting thought for the day – don’t give in to the pressure if you don’t want to, and definitely don’t exert that pressure because.. life’s easier that way [for all of us].Boxing Day at Tilgate Lake
This year, as in previous years, saw members of the group spend Boxing Day morning at Tilgate Lake with a number of people out on the lake canoeing and Kayaking, while others took the advantage of the clear morning to take a walk around the lake.A horrible day for humanity. The ADL believes “this is the deadliest attack on the Jewish community in the history of the U.S.”
At this point, 11 have been killed, with multiple wounded including several police officers. Here is the latest.
Eleven eleven people were dead. He was reportedly armed with an AR-15 and two handguns.
The initial call to 911 was made around 9:54 a.m. and officers were dispatched to the scene within a minute.
When officers arrived, the gunman reportedly shot at them, forcing officers to use their vehicles as a shield.
He also credited the first responders with preventing this from being a bigger tragedy than it already is.
President Trump has responded:…
“People who do this should get the death penalty,” Trump said. “I think they should stiffen up laws and I think they should very much bring the death penalty to anybody who does a thing like this to innocent people.”
…The death penalty is legal in Pennsylvania, though current Gov. Tom Wolf halted the process when he took office in 2015. The last person executed under the death penalty in Pennsylvania was in 1999–the first since 1962.
Trump was asked about tighter gun laws, which he discounted, saying they had “little to do with it.”
“If they had protection inside, the results would have been far better. If they had some kind of protection inside the temple, maybe it could have been a very much different situation,” Trump said. “They didn’t have protection. They had a maniac walk in and they didn’t have any protection.”
He added: “If there was an armed guard inside the temple they would have been able to stop him.”
The maniac’s social media makes clear he’s a aacist and Jew-hater, hates Trump and complained that POTUS is “controlled by Jews.” But that didn’t stop the Trump Derangement Syndrome media and liberals from trying to blame… Trump.
Salena Zito tweeted about her encounter while reporting from the site.
WT… ? Piling hate on hate. Is this person really representing you @guardian? This Trump hatred is so pathological it infects everything for the afflicted. Stay focused @SalenaZito, real journalists are important. cc: @FBI @realDonaldTrump @DHSgov
— Tammy Bruce (@HeyTammyBruce) October 27, 2018
1. The Tree of Life shooter is an actual racist & anti-Semite.
2. He hated & didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump explicitly because he correctly realized that the President is neither a racist or an anti-Semite.
3. But leave it to the media to ignore reality & blame him anyway.
— Andrew Surabian (@Surabees) October 27, 2018
Trump isn’t wrong re armed guards at synagogues. Sadly, my synagogue for years has had armed off-duty police at High Holy Day services and at Hebrew School. They’re also in the parking lot for pick up and drop off of the children.
My heart breaks for PIttsburgh’s community.
— Ari Fleischer (@AriFleischer) October 27, 2018
This makes me feel sick to my stomach. That such evil could go unnoticed until it explodes and destroys innocents at prayer. The ultimate evil had to be the masacre at a celebration of new life. A child, 8 days old, brought before God and family and friends. Such joy, only to be replaced by death and mourning. This will be a life changing event, and my prayer is that all those touched today will come through stronger and convinced that good will find a way to bring justice and peace. May we all stand together and shout NEVER AGAIN.
Beautifully stated, LJ.Coaches
We offer rental coaches for small and large groups. Our vehicles are equipped with 16, 27, 36, 42, 50, 55, 59 or 70 passenger seats in a variety of configurations. All vehicles are equipped with air conditioning, audio and microphone system, mobile phone and comfortable seating. Optionally available (not in all bus sizes available):
- Toilet / washroom
- Navigation system
- DVD player
- CD Player
- Audio system
- Galley with coffee or drinks machine
- Club corner
- Leather seating
- I-POD connection
- USB port
- Galley or water dispenser
- luxurious seat pitch (VIP)
In many cases, the above-mentioned features are already found in the vehicles. If specific issues are of particular importance for you, please let us know.
During the winter months, the vehicles are of course equipped with the necessary winter equipment (winter tires, snow chains)
The safety and wellbeing of our passengers is our top priority. Our fleet is in a very well-kept and properly maintained condition. The vehicles will be cleaned daily or - if necessary- multiple times per day. Maintenance works are carried out in our in-house workshop. Larger repairs are carried out exclusively in authorized garages.
In case of capacity bottlenecks, we use vehicles of high-quality subcontractors.
Our driving personnel is experienced, service oriented and friendly. On request, we can also offer drivers with English, French, Russian or Turkish language skills.
Despite all technically feasible safety features on modern coaches, a prudent, experienced and well-rested driver is the ultimate safety feature. Already at application, we will check our drivers through a test drive and by querying the accident history at previous employers. Many years of driving experience is an employment requirement with us. Our disposition makes no exceptions for compliance with the statutory driving and rest periods.
Here you find the photos of our fleet.
There are still unanswered questions? Please take a look at our FAQ section or contact us personally. For a no obligation offer, please visit the appropriate area.
If you need a corporate branding on your vehicles, please click here.IN OR OUT?
Clique,Clique Stop!
Written by Cherrye S. Vasquez, P.h.D
This new book continues the story of thirteen year old Isabella. In the author’s first book, No Tildes on Tuesdays, readers were introduced to Bella and her struggle to accept her biracial status. She had always associated and gone to school with white friends. In fact, she resisted her father and grandmother’s attempts to learn Spanish and the customs of her Mexican heritage. But now her father is being laid off, and the family is moving to a much poorer mixed population neighborhood. Bella feels disappointed and rejected, especially when her neighbor calls her a half breed.
When she goes to register at her new school, Isabella’s white mother is angered to see that there is no place on the registration form to indicate biracial. Though Bella is strong and determined, everyone at the school seems to be in cliques. Whites hang with whites, the Spanish students avoid speaking English, and the Black students have their own cliques as well. Bella meets a Spanish boy named Roberto and a white boy named George, who seem friendly, but the girls continue to make fun of her.
Bella’s mother contacts the school which leads to Bella speaking to Mrs. Rios, the guidance counselor. She hesitantly speaks of her idea to start a Heritage Club in which students of all races would come together not only to discuss likes and dislikes but to share common interests and customs. Many of the teachers realize that the school has been divided into cliques for far too long and jump on board. Bella is gambling that her club will bridge the divide and unite students from different backgrounds in the community. Will it succeed?
Dr. Vasquez concludes the book with a section discussing the story line with students, educators and parents. This short story is a much welcomed edition in a book market that largely neglects our multiracial and multicultural students. It should be available in the classrooms of middle schools, in our libraries, and a topic of discussion in the families of all our children.
If you enjoyed reading this post, please subscribe by clicking on the word Follow or by hitting the orange RSS Feed button in the upper right hand corner of the page.View 72 short-term mission trips from this organization »!
Mission/Vision Statement
Mission Statement: Helping people transform cities by transforming lives.
Vision Statement:
No place without a witness,
No church without a vision,
No person without hope.
Doctrinal Gods right hand where He makes intercession for His own. He will personally come again.
We believe the Bible to be the divinely inspired and authoritative His righteousness, justice, and healing, all to the glory of God.
For more information on our beliefs, please click here:Description
This apartment portfolio offers 10 units as a two-story building totaling 5,891 SF. This asset has an outstanding geographic location near Santa Clara University, and San Jose International airport in a suburban area. It is on a .62 acre lot with 5 covered & 5 uncovered parking spaces. Featuring eight 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom units and two 2 bedroom 2 bathroom units, an on site laundry facility, and high speed internet. This complex is 100% fully occupied. This is a great investment opportunity for a new owner, eager to get into a growing market. The property is in great condition because of extensive care by the current owners. Again, the asset is fully occupied, in high demand and will continue to be sought after in this growing market.
Similar Listings
No similar listings found
Unfortunately, we don't have any similar listings at the moment. Please remove or change some of the selected filters.
Listing Agent: Chris AlstonOakland County, MI (November 3, 2010) – On November 16, 2010, at the Royal Oak Senior Center, 3500 Marais in Royal Oak,; Estate Settlement Officer Lynn Gross from JPMorgan Chase Bank; and private practice attorney Sara Schimke from the law firm of Baron Rosenberg Mayoras & Mayoras PC.
Materials will be available on trusts, estates, and the legal rights of senior citizens. Adequate time will be available for questions.
To register, contact the Royal Oak Senior Center at 248-246-3900.
Removing the Mysteries has been offered by the Oakland County Probate Court for nineteen years, with thousands of citizens participating. Plans are underway for the spring series. For information regarding upcoming “Removing the Mysteries” locations, or to request consideration as a site for this seminar, please call 248-858-0296.By Hilary Sutton Lagares
This month we feature a guest blog by Hilary Sutton Lagares, who, with her husband Juan Carlos (“JC”) went through our Premarital Preparation Program before their wedding.
4 years ago today JuanCarlos and I got married. And while it may seem like marriage and work have nothing to do with one another, I have to tell you, they totally do.
It’s no coincidence that my career began to blossom after JuanCarlos and I tied the knot. And sure, part of it is because I got into a more focused phase of life after my gypsy years. But why was I more focused? In part, because of JC. Let me explain…
I have so much more mental space now that I’m not on the dating scene. Constantly trying to figure out dead-end relationships takes up a lot of mental energy. Now I have the space and energy to focus in on work, to take risks and to be creative because I’m not obsessing over relationship problems or a crush. I don’t have anxiety about “finding the one.” He’s here. I had no idea how much mental energy I spent on the opposite sex until I was married. Man, talk about simplification. I sincerely believe when the dial was turned down on that part of life, I had more brain waves to put toward my life’s work.
I have a built-in cheerleader. JC believes the best in me. That empowers me to do great things, to do hard things. Whether or not you’re married, I encourage you to surround yourself with people who believe not only in your potential but also in who you are deep down. You need people who get you and encourage you on your path toward becoming better.
I have peace that comes with someone knowing all of my quirks and flaws and loving me anyway. There is something to be said for someone choosing to love you even when you are being… challenging. JC is in it with me not because I constantly make him happy but because he chooses day in and day out to be in it. And I don’t ever doubt that he’s there. That sense of safety and belonging gives me more confidence to go big in my work and risk failure.
I have a home to retreat to at the end of good days and bad. At the end of every work day that’s hard, draining, or frustrating, I’ve got a “home” to go home to. I’m not duking it out in the cold world on my own. And the inverse—when things are really good at work, I have someone who celebrates with me, that proudly tells his co-workers about all my random projects. Having him as a teammate brings peace into my own life.
I have a built-in brain trust member. I’ve got someone in my corner who is wired nothing like me. I can pick his brain about any situation and he’s going to give me perspective. And he loves to play devil’s advocate. He’s constantly challenging my thinking. That makes me a better leader and a better team member.
I have someone in my life every day who is loving and service-oriented. Not only is JC committed to helping people (he’s beginning a career in professional counseling) but every day he goes out of his way for me. Whether it’s bringing me a cup of coffee, mowing the lawn or doing the dishes, every day JuanCarlos is happy to help out if I’m in a pinch. Now, not only is that nice to have, but it’s also a challenge to me every single day: do for others. Give. Go out of your way. Serve. This makes me a better freelancer, a better co-worker, a better boss, and a better human.
I’m wired to passionately pursue a meaningful life and a meaningful career. Being married to JuanCarlos has shown me the incredible benefits of having a dependable partner, a real “home,” consistent encouragement, and an example of service right here in my own home. All of these things have helped my career grow massively in four years.
I had no idea that marrying the right person would not only tremendously affect my personal life, but also my work life. It’s incredible how the people you’re closest to have such an impact on every area of your life.
This article was originally posted at HilarySutton.com. Hilary is a writer, social media strategist and actor. Connect with Hilary on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.Phaedra Parks of “The Real Housewives of Atlanta” and her husband, Apollo Nida, are expecting their second child.
The reality stars tell People.com that the baby is due next year.
Parks showed off her growing baby bump while on the beach in the Bahamas, where she’s vacationing with her family and friends. (See photo below.)
The Atlanta entertainment lawyer married Nida, a certified personal trainer, in 2009 and the couple welcomed son Ayden a year later.
The pair recently released their first fitness DVD, Phine Body on Amazon.com.
(Photos: EURweb)When Sean Braganza from Higher Eclectic Ground asked me for a chance to work for Old Grizzled Gamers I was really excited. As a game developer I suddenly felt in love with the idea of Gal (founder of OGGs) about a website focused on honestly games reviews to help talented developers and to provide entertainment, knowledge of worthy games the readers might have missed. He gave me all the freedom to work on mixing concepts we both like: steampunk, western, sci-fi to create a fresh Brand Identity for his project and to give a more videogame/comics mood to the website.
Badge logo
logo draft
logo design
header banner
mascotOn March 20, longtime Peace & Freedom Party member and valued comrade Al Rojas passed away at the age of 82 years old. We mark his passing here with remembrances from The Organizer newspaper, the Sacramento Poor People’s Campaign, and the AFL-CIO; all are reprinted with permission.
Below these tributes runs the text of his talk given at the Binational Conference Against NAFTA 2.0, the Wall of Shame and Deportations in December 2017. And click here for Al’s last piece for the Peace & Freedom Party website, an essay on the boycotting of Driscoll’s.
Al Rojas, Fighter for Workers’ Rights Until His Last Breath
A statement by Socialist Organizer
Our friend and comrade Al Rojas — a tireless fighter for the rights of workers and all the oppressed — passed away on March 20 at the age of 82. In the letter sent to Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador [see below], the Rojas family recounts many salient features of the life of Al Rojas, underscoring why he was a “giant” in their eyes. He was a “giant” in our eyes, too.
Though he was a co-founder of the United Farm Workers (UFW) union in 1966, together with Cesar Chávez, Al never received the accolades or recognition that Chávez received. And there was a reason: Al spoke his mind at all times, refusing top-down directives that would hinder rank-and-file empowerment, organizing, and independence in relation to the twin parties of capitalism, the Democrats and Republicans. Al eventually was shunned and cast aside because he would not accept the UFW’s subordination to the Democratic Party. In all the glowing tributes, from full-length movies to California state holidays honoring Cesar Chávez, Al Rojas was air-brushed out of the picture and official UFW history.
This did not deter Al one bit. He kept organizing farmworkers, “guest-workers,” undocumented immigrants, youth, public-sector workers — and he always linked the struggle for workers’ rights in the fields and workplaces all over the United States to the fight across the border against the NAFTA and CAFTA “free trade” agreements [see article by Al Rojas below]. Al understood deeply that the capitalist system and U.S. imperialism were ultimately responsible for the destruction of the national economies south of the Rio Bravo that fueled the forced migration to Northern Mexico and into the United States.
This is what Al wrote in 2018 in support of Labor and Community for an Independent Party (LCIP), of which he was a Continuations Committee member:
“The Democratic Party is a full accomplice in the attacks on immigrant workers and their families, as it (1) authored and promoted the NAFTA and CAFTA trade agreements, which deepened the poverty in Mexico and Central America, forcing millions to flee their lands and communities, and (2) it promoted the militarization of the U.S. border and the mass deportation of immigrants from Mexico and Central America. The Democratic Party majority voted to allocate $4.6 billion for ‘border security,’ including huge sums going to for-profit prisons and detention centers.
“Having a ‘D’ next to your name does not give you a free pass. Working people are organizing outside the Democratic Party — and the movement is growing. Change is coming — so that we can elect independent working-class candidates who genuinely represent working people. Building such an independent movement, and such an independent political party, is the task before us.
“After 50 years of activism, I feel there is no better time to move forward and build a solid independent labor movement that fights for our rights. There is no better time to build a new independent labor-based political party in alliance with our Black and Brown communities. Both struggles must go hand in hand. The task is urgent!”
Al was a close friend of Socialist Organizer and The Organizer newspaper. He received monthly bundles of our newspaper, which he distributed to activists in Sacramento, and he was a regular supporter of our fund drives and international campaigns. He was a comrade and a brother.
Socialist Organizer extends our most profound condolences to Desirèe Rojas, Fatima Garcia, Shalom Rojas and the rest of Al’s family. All of us are at your side in this moment of grief; we, too, feel keenly the loss of a pillar of our movement.
We will honor his memory by redoubling our efforts to support the farmworkers in San Quintin, and to fight for the legalization of all undocumented immigrants in the United States, the repeal of NAFTA 2.0 and the shameful “Immigration Pact” — and for a Labor Party based on the trade unions and oppressed communities.
Farewell, dear comrade,
Al Rojas, ¡Presente!
•••••
The Sacramento community has lost Al Rojas, who passed away Saturday, March 20, 2021 in Sacramento. He came from the fields of the valley and now he has returned to these spaces in spirit.
We honor him by following his example in living a committed life. He was a leader of union democracy, a fighter for farmworkers, and all workers, an internationalist who understood that the political destiny of Mexico and the United States were linked and inseparable. As he saw, both countries are under the domination of transnational corporations concerned only with cheap labor and high profits.. Or his contempt for those who, through hypocrisy and self-dealing, betrayed the workers and their unions.
It’s well known that he co-founded the UFW and dedicated decades of his life to organizing the union and the grape boycott. It’s well known that he stood against the UFW in later years as a result of its failure to maintain union democracy and its failure to represent the interests of its members. brought the Driscoll Berry Boycott to Sacramento, exposing the Driscoll corporation over the environmental degradation, inhuman working conditions and daily wages of $10 or less in the San Quentin valley in Baja California.
This brief description cannot do justice to the magnitude of Al Rojas’ historic contribution to the movements of our time. But there are the little things that show his heart. In 2008, Maria Isabel Vasquez Jimenez, a teen age farmworker, died because of extreme heat in the fields. It was Al Rojas who stepped forward to expose the criminal political complicity that led to her death. In 2009 Luis Gutierrez was killed in cold blood by the Woodland Police. It was Al Rojas who gathered supporters together, four years after his death, for a candle light vigil on the lonely roadside where Luis was shot down.
Al Rojas will be missed. The deepest condolences are offered to his family.
—Sacramento Poor People’s Campaign (Sac PPC)
•••••
LCLAA leader Al Rojas passes away
Late last month, the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement (LCLAA) family lost one of its most revered leaders. LCLAA and the labor movement will deeply miss Al Rojas, LCLAA’s Sacramento Chapter vice president and SEIU Local 1000 member, who died on Saturday, March 20, at the age of 84.
A farmworker who spent most of his life in the fields of San Joaquin Valley, Rojas was a fighter for decades. In 1963, he joined César Chávez and other prominent leaders in forming the United Farm Workers (UFW). He then became a tireless leader who led strikes throughout California and stood in defense of immigrant working families. The AFL-CIO joins LCLAA, the Rojas family and the scores of workers who are grateful to our brother for the unending fight he championed.
•••••
Stop NAFTA 2.0 – Legalization for All Undocumented Immigrants! Labor Rights for All!
“Legalization for All Who Are Here to Work Because Their Home Economies Are Being Devastated by ‘Free Trade’ Agreements Like NAFTA and CAFTA”
[The following article was submitted by Al Rojas to the discussion at the Binational Conference Against NAFTA 2.0, the Wall of Shame and Deportations, held in Carson, Calif. in December 2017.]
My family and many others spent well over 25 years organizing and eventually founding the United Farm Workers Independent Union, International Brotherhood of Teamsters, based in San Jose, Calif. Led by Oscar Gonzalez, from 1961 to 1983, we were able to organize committees throughout California, specifically in the coastal areas from Northern California down to the Mexican border.
It was during that time, in 1966, that the UFW, IBT merged with the National Farm Workers association led by César E. Chávez and others and the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee, AFL-CIO, thereafter becoming the United Farm Workers of America (UFW).
Having worked alongside “braceros” in the vegetable industry in Oxnard, Calif., in the early 1960s, I was able to understand the issues involved in foreign contract labor then embodied in the Bracero Program.* At that time people like the Hon. Dr. Ernesto Galarza, César E. Chávez, Gilbert Padilla, John Soria and others opposed this inhumane system of indentured servitude, which did not allow workers protections, the right to decent wages, or the right to decide whether to have a union of their choosing represent their interests.
Although the Bracero Program was abolished through the efforts of Galarza, Chávez, Padilla and others, it has now resurfaced as the “guest worker” program.
Turning its back on its proud history, UFW President Arturo Rodriguez came out in support of proposed federal legislation called Ag-Jobs. In essence, Ag-Jobs would allow the recruitment of foreign workers from countries like Mexico, Thailand and Vietnam to labor in U.S. fields as “guest workers.”
In coming out in support of Ag-Jobs, ironically the UFW is taking on a contradictory role, being a union in defense of farm workers’ rights and now acting as agents in the recruitment of foreign agricultural workers for the U.S. corporate agri-business-industry.
Ag-Jobs was heavily supported by the National Farm Bureau, California Nisei League, Western Growers Association, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Republican Party, the Democratic Party and then-President Barack Obama.
The need for an overhaul of our immigration laws is not in question here. The issue is that at a time when unemployment is estimated at between 18 percent and 21 percent in California’s Central Valley and there are over 11 million undocumented immigrants already in the U.S., it is a complete farce to mislead the public by promoting and pushing for importing cheap foreign labor through a guest-worker (Ag-Jobs) program.
What we need are decent wages and working conditions and humane immigration reform.
The real issue is organizing and representing workers and the workers’ right to negotiate a union contract. The real issue is legalization for all immigrants who are here to work because their home economies are being devastated by free trade agreements like NAFTA and CAFTA.
The real issue is the millions of U.S. workers who are unemployed and struggling to feed their families, while the White House and Congress bail out Wall Street to the tune of billions of dollars.
I, and others, believe that the UFW needs to concentrate on organizing and representing workers. The real issue is decent wages, benefits, safety protections, and the right to unionize, NOT more guest-worker programs that exploit workers who are not free to unionize and who are completely in the hands of the employer, who is free to hire and fire at will.
If agricultural growers paid a decent wage, U.S. workers would apply for those jobs and there would be no need for guest workers.
*Note: The Bracero Program was a series of laws and diplomatic agreements, initiated on August 4, 1942, when the United States and Mexico signed the Mexican Farm Labor Agreement. It was terminated in 1964. Mexican workers were promised 30 cents an hour, but part of their wages were to be put into a private savings account in Mexico. To this day, an estimated US$95 million in promised wages were never paid to the bracero farmworkers or their families.Obviously, until we discover such life forms (or they discover us), we don't know. In fact, we don't know if life exists at all outside of the Earth. But there are some basic science principals that can help us narrow down the question of what forms such extra-terrestrial life might take, and what kinds of planets might support life.
In the most conservative view, for a planet to support life it must have gravity somewhere between 50% and 150% of the Earth's, a day of 12 to 72 hours, an atmosphere with a substantial chunk of oxygen, very little carbon dioxide, lots of liquid water, a mean temperature somewhere above freezing and somewhat below boiling, and an atmospheric pressure consistent with all of these other requirements. How many planets in the universe might meet these requirements? Well, we only know of one for sure... Earth. But, then, the only planets we know of are those around our Sun. What about other stars? We are only now starting to obtain evidence for planets around other stars, but we have no direct observations to base any statistics on. However, using what we know of the output of stars, we can make reasonable guesses about what range of distance a planet would have to be from various types of stars to have the appropriate temperature. But even then these distances are not absolute.
For example, if the Earth didn't rotate, but were instead tidally locked, with one side always facing the sun (the way the moon always faces the Earth) it would probably be far too hot on the sunny side, and far too cold on the night side... maybe. You see, although the fact that the Earth spins means that the temperatures diurnally swing about a nice medium, a tidally locked Earth might also stabilize globally at a fair temperature. If the atmosphere of the Earth had a very warm half and a very cold half, we'd be setting up quite an ordered system. Entropy plays havoc with ordered systems, and the energetic warm air would quickly move to the cold side, and vice versa. Probably resulting in extremely violent weather, but perhaps a fairly normal temperature: the revolving Earth is exchanged for a revolving atmosphere.
So, you see, changes in the rotational speed of a planet might totally change our guesses about the distances a planet would have to be from its star... or it might not. Without further examples (or better models) we'll never know.
There are probably some limits on temperature. For instance, at extremely high temperatures, many chemical bonds just can't happen. Sometimes the electrons just get stripped from their atoms. Science fiction not-withstanding, I think we can discount living beings in the sun. Many people with more liberal views of alien life can come up with plausible scenarios for how life forms could have adaptations to living in certain extremes. However, the acid test is: could it have evolved this way? What steps would have to be taken to get there? And would they survive the same conditions? If a fictional life form has all the right adaptations to survive in environmental extremes, did it have to always be that way? In that case, we can assume it's not possible, or that such a creature had "outside help"... religious or otherwise.
Extremely cold temperatures might not be possible either. Certain chemical reactions need a minimum temperature to occur, or they occur terribly slowly. Such life might not evolve fast enough to be advanced at this point in the life of the universe.
How about some simpler questions: like once life exists, can we predict how it might evolve? The answer is a tentative yes.
For instance,
Sorry - ran out of time. Will upload the rest when I get a chance.
-DMLWe have round jade discs available! Do anything you want with these discs, the sky is the limit. These pieces are approx. 2 1/4" in diameter and 3/4" thick. They are not polished but one of the pictures shows what the colour would be if there were polished. Sold individuallyLooking for a vet medical center for your Sphynx cat around Oklahoma City? Prior to searching for a vet, you need to determine key collection demands. The ideal veterinary center ought to fit some significant conditions described below
What are the Main Tags of the suitable veterinary center
An acceptable veterinarian center should:
- Locate close to your residence, within a 15-20 minutes drive
- Be open 24 hours or open late, particularly for urgent circumstances
- Have satisfactory staff that is ready to give premium quality attention
- Be properly outfitted. High-quality healthcare tools guarantee the right-time and proper of the diagnosing your Sphynx pet
These tips will undoubtedly make your choice less complicated. In addition to these general recommendations, read the article how to select the best veterinary for your Sphynx.
In case, you adopt a Sphynx kitten from your cattery located in Oklahoma City, ask for the contacts of the veterinarian who presently manages your breeder’s cats. The rewards include the following:
- To begin with, this veterinarian has already been familiar with your Sphynx kitten, which is always beneficial.
- Secondly, the Sphynx cat breeder can entrust the cats to a reputable vet exclusively.
- Finally, the breeder can suggest a fantastic veterinary hospital in your area.
Therefore, having adopted a Sphynx kitten, you can be prepared for the check out to a veterinarian clinic in the area.
Location matters
If you reside in Oklahoma City, attempt to decide for your Sphynx a veterinarian clinic in your area. Such a selection helps you to save the essential time in a crisis and also lessen the delivery headache.
During the day or around the clock?
The opportunity to talk to a veterinarian hospital anytime is essential, especially in emergency cases when a Sphynx instantly gets sick. Most up-to-date vet medical centers are open 24 hours or take until late to provide after-hours immediate care, as you can see in our vet listing. Many of them take pets on weekends and holidays.
How to handle it in immediate cases
If you don’t have a way to see your permanent vet clinic for unexpected assistance, find another one as quickly as you can.
Opt for a seek animal straight away to the vet clinic in Oklahoma City, which may offer emergency help at this time. Remember that there are few really dangerous situations for your pet.
15 Sphynx cat urgent matters, which need quick veterinary examination and/or treatment:
- Out of control blood loss or bleeding that does not cease within a few moments
- Modifications in breathing, breathlessness or nonstop coughing and/or gagging
- Being unable to urinate or pass feces (stool)
- Blood in urine/stool
- Just about any injuries to your cat’s eye(s) or surprising loss of sight
- Ingestion of something dangerous
- Loss of balance or seizures
- Incapacity to move
- Fractured bone fragments or extreme lameness
- Extreme anxiety and panic
- Heatstroke
- Unrestrained vomiting or diarrhea (more than two episodes in 24 hours)
- Rejection to drink or feed on for 24 hours or more
- Unconsciousness/coma
- Penetrating wounds, deep lacerations or punctures
Some other circumstances assist you to schedule your visit to the veterinary clinic more or less without a hurry.Tassie Highlights
11 days
from $5,049*pp
7 nights
from $4,750*pp
4 nights
from $2,799*pp
4 nights
from $1,075*pp
Subscribe to our newsletter to get early notifications of our great offers and promotions!
South Coast Cruise and Travel
Best Travel Agency Group Winner 2019
Copyright © , 2021. Site by IBC Digital. Powered by Verdi CMSAbout me
Ph.D. student
Department of Computer Science
University of Central Florida
“Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.”
– George Washington, First Annual Address, Friday, January 08, 1790
Advisors
Professor Ewetz at the University of Central Florida
Professor Jha at the University of Texas at San Antonio
Research
Flow-based computing (in-memory computing), emerging technologies, verification techniques, technology mapping
Education
Awards and nominations
- [DATE’21] Nominated for Best Paper Award
- ORC Fellowship
- Member of Golden Key International Honour Society
Conference papers
- Rashed, M., Thijssen, S., Yao., F., Jha, S.K., & Ewetz, R. (2022). STREAM: Towards READ-based In-Memory Computing for Streaming based Data Processing. In 2022 Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference (ASP-DAC).
- Channamadhavuni, S., Thijssen, S., Jha, S. K., & Ewetz, R. (2021, June). Accelerating AI Applications using Analog In-Memory Computing: Challenges and Opportunities. In Proceedings of the 2021 on Great Lakes Symposium on VLSI (pp. 379-384).
- Thijssen, S., Jha, S. K., & Ewetz, R. (2021, February). COMPACT: Flow-Based Computing on Nanoscale Crossbars with Minimal Semiperimeter. In 2021 Design, Automation & Test in Europe Conference & Exhibition (DATE) (pp. 232-237). IEEE. (BEST PAPER CANDIDATE)Saucey / Wine / White Wine / White Zinfandel
Barefoot – White Zinfandel
Set delivery address to see local pricing
1
Dip your toes into the refreshing fruit flavors of Barefoot White Zinfandel! Southern flavors like Georgia peach, sun-ripened strawberries, succulent pears and (even further south) pineapple create perfection. Try Barefoot White Zinfandel over iceFor your TV Box to run movies and series, you will need one (or several) streaming applications. Next, we will cite the best streaming apps for you to watch with quality on your TV Box.
YouTube
YouTube is the most popular streaming and sharing video platform in the world. Users can create and share videos on their channels. For those who have a TV Box, you can watch your favorite videos, in resolutions up to 4k, in the comfort of your living room or bedroom.
Netflix
Netflix is the most popular streaming platform out there. Having several films and series, Netflix is known for its original productions of films and series, such as Bird Box, The Witcher, Stranger Things, The Irishman, La Casa de Papel, Sombra e Ossos, among others.
In addition, Netflix has several features, such as movies in resolutions up to 4K, sharing in up to 5 accounts.
Amazon Prime
Amazon has expanded its range of services, which were already great with its online store, and today it has Amazon Prime, which has Prime Video, a streaming service with several films and series, and many original productions.
Among the most famous productions on Amazon, we can mention Good Omens, The Boys, This is Us, Carnival Row, The Expanse, and much more.
Disney Plus
Disney Plus was Disney’s streaming service, which encompasses its entire brand and catalog of films and series. So if you like Disney, Marvel, Star Wars, Pixar, or even National Geographic documentaries, Disney Plus is the right streaming for you.
Among the main films and series, we can mention Avengers, Star Wars, The Mandalorian, Wanda Vision, Soul, among many others.
Apple TV +
Apple TV +, Apple’s exclusive streaming platform, also has great features, such as account sharing for up to 5 people, 4K content and many original quality movies and series.ABCs of Horror 2: "R" Is for Ravenous (1999) By Jim Vorel | October? From the time of the earliest horror fiction, the frontier and the untamed wilderness have always been a natural setting for the most unspeakable actions to play out. It’s a function of the lawlessness of the regions that exist off the edge of the map—the lack of society’s safety net, coupled with the presence of those people who choose to live unconventional lives, and are thus distrusted by the society they left behind. So too are these settings classically crawling with beasts, monsters and ghouls in horror fiction—denizens of the dark places who would be rooted out and exterminated if they ventured too far into man’s domain. And yet, the frontier also calls with the potential of undiscovered, unclaimed rewards for the brave and the capable … while luring the less valorous (or the unfortunate) to their deaths. At the same time, though, there’s also a fear that the true wilderness, the places beyond all help or knowledge of polite society, might also have a corrupting effect upon the human soul, pushing us toward desperation one could never truly know even as an anonymous city dweller in an uncaring society. If pushed far enough, and stranded in a place inhospitable to human life on every level, who knows what one might be willing to do to survive? No one can honestly say where they would turn for succor until that moment genuinely arrives. We’d all like to think that we live by an unbreakable moral code, but let’s see what condition your code is in when the campfire is dwindling and the food has run out. Those are the moments when we find out who we really are, and it’s the beating heart of Antonia Bird’s Ravenous. Described too simply as a “cannibal horror” film, Ravenous is much more than its dust jacket descriptor. It shares next to nothing in common with the tawdry Italian “cannibals in the jungle” genre of the 1970s and 1980s, for instance, intending not to titillate so much as awe its audience with the elemental power of its surroundings and the burning intensity of its characters. The narrative may be concrete and easy to follow, but Ravenous displays a definite arthouse streak, only amplified by its truly unique soundtrack, scored by the prolific Michael Nyman but also featuring contributions from Gorillaz leader Damon Albarn. Jangly at times and staccato at others, the score mirrors and supports the heart-pounding suspense of several of the film’s key moments of confrontation. Loosely based on the ill-fated Donner Party, Ravenous takes place around an isolated military fort high in the Sierra Nevadas, where cowardly officer John Boyd (Guy Pearce) is tucked away as punishment with a collection of dejected soldiers and broken, would-be comrades. The toil of their pointless, banal existence is shattered by the arrival of the frostbitten Colqhoun (Robert Carlyle), who weaves a tale of a doomed expedition that became trapped by snow and ice, forced to eventually cannibalize each other to survive. As he leads the soldiers back to the scene of the massacre, it becomes clear that they are all likely stepping into some new kind of supernatural charnel house—one that empowers acts of violence with superhuman ability. This horrifying twist is loosely tied to the native American myth of the Wendigo, a creature of insatiable hunger and limitless evil that is said to possess the spirits of men and drive them to consume each other. Ravenous, however, hardly seems convinced that some supernatural creature is necessary—the lust for domination and power over others seems a perfectly valid motivator for these sorts of atrocities. In terms of setting, soundtrack and themes, the film is already memorable, but it’s truly the performances that secure a position for Ravenous in the all-time horror pantheon. Robert Carlyle was seemingly born to play a role exactly like this one—his Colqhoun has such a mad glint in his eye that his small stature takes on mythic proportions. The face-off between Carlyle and Pearce on a mountain cliff calls to mind the closing moments of The Last of the Mohicans, except considerably more terrifying, as Carlyle bares his bloodstained teeth and inexorably advances, shrugging off what should be deadly blows. The film never truly attempts to explain the root of these supernatural feats powered by the consumption of human flesh, but it’s far more disturbing for the fact that we don’t understand how Colqhoun perseveres in his insane pact with damnation. We only comprehend that he must be destroyed. Most “cannibal horror” films simply use the theme of cannibalism as a means to an end, one taboo designed to grab attention in a film full of salacious imagery meant to sate the bloodlust of the inveterate horror geek. Ravenous, on the other hand, truly considers the elemental horror of why cannibalism is such a taboo in the first place, and how terrifying those people might be who believe they can rise above the natural order in order to become a gore-streaked god. Jim Vorel is a Paste staff writer and resident horror guru. You can follow him on Twitter for more film and TV writing. Tagsabcs of horrorantonia birdcannibalismguy pearcehorrorhorror moviesrobert carlyleravenousTransport your vehicle on a standard trailer, such as a flatbed or RGN.
Transport your vehicle with extra protection from road elements such as weather or debris.
Transport running or broken down classic vehicles anywhere in the country, and even overseas.
We have licensed and highly experienced drivers who drive your vehicle.
Need to transport your semi truck? We
ve got you covered.
We transport snowbird vehicles to & from the U.S quickly and affordably.
Daily Transports and more.
In-depth Logistics Information.
Find your make and model.
We cover the entire country.
Shipping when you need it.
We are licensed, bonded, and insured to transport safely. 11+ Years of Experience.
Is to provide the best vehicle shipping solutions at the most affordable rates. Learn more.
See the latest updates, news, and articles for AutoTransport.com
We ship your vehicles with, the best trailers, and custom transports to fit your needs.Asus ROG Zephyrus GX701 Laptop
Asus ROG Zephyrus GX701 is another addition to ASUS’s Laptop family. With a 17-inch screen and an ultra slim design, the device would likely meet all your gaming needs. The powerful laptop seamlessly runs on Windows 10 Pro and comes with a brand new Nvidia GeForce RTX graphic card.
In addition, the device comes with an 8th generation Intel Core i7-8750H six-core processor and also has a turbo clock speed of 4.1 GHz. Although Zephyrus GX701 is quite expensive for an average buyer, there is no denying the fact that it targets enthusiastic gamers who have more to spend.
With the capability to immerse the user with its large display and incredible graphics the device also has a response time of about 3MS and a 144Hz refresh rate to make your gaming experience far better.
The laptop has a memory of 24 GB DDR4 and storage of a whopping 1 TB. It won’t be a fantasy to say that this machine can cater to several large games at a time which would require heaps of storage.
GX701 is one of the smallest high-end gaming laptops on the market. It is also a lighter one with just 5.82 lbs and is extremely easy to carry from one location to another. The device itself is much lighter and exhibits some common traits of the Zephyrus series.
As for the design, a combination of metal and good-quality plastic is used to enhance the user experience while performing RPG actions on their favorite games. Having a smooth and light keyboard that can perfectly fit your palm is an all in all solution for many gamers and this is what this machine provides.
If you are looking for a one-time investment in your gaming hardware that is easily portable and provides a smooth gaming experience, then Zephyrus GX701 might be the one for you.
Photo credit: AsusHere’s a perfect item for April Fool’s Day, although it is for real. The xray below was a pelvic image obtained during a trauma team activation. I’m not going to give you any more information than that.
You’ve got until Monday to figure out what’s doesn’t belong and give me an answer in the comments. I’ll post the full story and answer then.
HD Beauty Review- Affordable Lip Products
Monday, 29 Aug 2016
Have you seen these cute affordable HD lip products at Clicks?
When I saw these I had to pick up a couple to try… You know, for research purposes!
I really like the white and gold packaging!
There are three options to choose from depending on your lippie preference, and each type comes in a variety of different shades: Chubby Lip Crayon (R25), Matte Lipstick (R30) and Intense High Shine Lipstick (R18). The best part… The most expensive product is only R30!
I was really impressed by the quality of these products, especially for the price! The Matte Lipsticks are highly pigmented, and extremely long lasting, and I also like that they are not drying. The Chubby Crayon is really pigmented, and lasts relatively long. It fades to a nice stain too. Lastly is the Lipstick, which isn’t very long lasting, but is really bright and pretty.
My favourite product is the Chubby Lip Crayon in Secret!
Will you be trying these “HD Beauty Review- Affordable Lip Products”
They sound great – gorgeous shades x
I did not spot these yet. I want to try the Matte Lipsticks for sure 🙂
They are really nice Reonette! Definitely check them out!
These look so cute and the price… WOAH! Definitely gonna pick up some if I see them
Yip they are really worth it!
These are awesome! Will def try them if i see them here in durbs x
I think they are available at all Clicks stores. Definitely worth it!Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
In Stock
Rigid Chopping Board
Get your pupils preparing a range of delicious fruits and vegetables during cooking lessons and breakfast clubs.
Made of tough hygienic polypropylene, non-toxic and odour-free, it will not absorb substances.
Features
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. The cookies relate to performance,
analytics, personalisation and advertising. You can choose to Accept or change
your browser preferencesGirlfriend Collective - Cleo Sports Bra (Gravel)
€45,00
Product description:
Material: 90% recycled polyester & 10% spandex
Color: Gray
Support: Low
Size: Normal
Care instructions: Not suitable for dryer, machine wash at 30 ° C, do not iron, gentle wash
Details:
✓ Seamless
✓ Thin straps
✓ Soft effect
✓ Sweat-transporting and quick-drying
✓ UPF 50+ that protects against ultraviolet radiation
A bra with a U-neck with racerback, thin straps and a soft, non-contact soft feeling. Made with our FLOAT fabric, it is perfect for low-impact activities such as hiking, biking or hand washing all your recyclable water bottles. We like to say that Cleo Bra is a little sporty, a little feminine. It has thin straps, a nice open neckline and a longer body to provide a little more coverage. And since it is designed with our soft, lightweight, breathable FLOAT fabric, it still keeps things neat and cool even during sweatier activities. We're looking at you, hot yoga. This sports bra is made from 10 recyclable plastic bottles.It has been a week of horror as two more 'horror' movie trailers were released. Turning our peaceful nights into a wreck, makers of Annabelle and 'It' released their trailers. 'It' premiered earlier this week. Based on Stephen King's novel, the trailer of the movie is bound to make you afraid of the idea of clowns. Whereas Annabelle's new trailer will never want you to buy a doll or a doll house ever.
Also Read: CinemaCon 2017: Sony Pictures releases clips from Spider-Man: Homecoming, Baby Driver, Blade Runner 2049, The Dark Tower and much more
While our beloved childhood memories were ripped apart by the horror trailer, our fears of spiders drove way past Queens, as Spider-Man Homecoming's new trailer, starring Tom Holland made way on the Internet this week. The adorable teenage Spider-Man trailer was loved by a number of Marvel fans.
The Apes are back! The third chapter of the acclaimed Apes series, War for The Planet of the Apes released their movie trailer over the week. In the new trailer, the Apes are involved in a deadly conflict with an army of humans.
Speaking of coming back, Captain Jack Sparrow also reappeared this week in the new trailer of Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tale. Brad Pitt also made headlines as he featured in the promo of War Machine, a Netflix Original movie set to release on the platform in May this year. A political satire, the black comedy features Pitt as a part of the American army speaking in a weird accent.
Other movies include Ferdinand, Paris Can Wait, Dunkirk, and many more. Here's a look at all the trailers released this week:
Annabelle: Creation:
It:
War for the Planet of the Apes:
The Zookeeper's Wife:
Spider-Man: Homecoming:
Pirate of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tale:
Dunkirk:
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword:
War Machine:
Ferdinand:
Paris Can Wait:
The Book of Henry:
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets:
A Ghost Story:
Berlin Syndrome:Articles tagged with: Rafiki’s Planet Watch
Disney Movies, Disney Parks »
>>IMAGE Media, Disney Parks » …
Disney Parks »
. …
Disney Parks »
Disney’s Animal Kingdom and The Seas with Nemo & Friends at Epcot are set to celebrate World Turtle Day on May 20.
At Rafiki’s Planet Watch guests might have a chance to see a turtle getting a veterinary exam and they can try on a replica of a turtle shell in addition to learning about the turtles and tortoises that call Animal Kingdom home.
Cast members at the Animal Kingdom will also be discussing how they help the turtles and tortoises found on the conservation land at the Walt Disney World Resort.
In …
Disney Parks »
…
Disney Movies, Disney Parks »
This year, Disney’s Animal Kingdom park will integrate Disneynature’s upcoming film, African Cats, into their annual Earth Day event. The theme this year is Celebrate Earth Day with a Party for the Planet.
In order to raise awareness and bring African Cats to life, the Animal Kingdom park will be offering a host of activities and special educational opportunities that feature lions, cheetahs, and how scientists research these wild animals.
For example, inside the Conservation Station at Rafiki’s Planet Watch, guests will be able to participate in “Be a Big Cat Researcher” activities …
Disney Parks » …
Disney Parks »
Three baby warthogs were born recently at Disney’s Animal Kingdom in Walt Disney World. This was the first liter for their mom who’s recovering well from delivery; the babies are expected to be released back into the savannah within several weeks. The three new baby boys will join a population of now 6 warthogs in the Disney family; 4 males and 2 females. That’s not including their portly animated friend, Pumbaa.
Several weeks ago Disney’s Animal Kingdom also welcomed two male scimitar-horned oryx calves into their animal population. Two of the …
Disney Parks »
Back on May 23rd we reported about the birth of a baby elephant at Disney’s Animal Kingdom, a beautiful baby girl. Luna, now almost one month old, is taking her first steps into the Kilimanjaro Safaris Savannah. Luna has a lot of adapting and learning to do and Disney is taking every precaution to foster her health and well-being.
Luna will spend plenty of time bonding with her Mother Donna, she’ll do a “swim test” to prepare herself for the small bodies on water in the Savannah, and she’ll be introduced …PPX Mobile App Bridge that Read,Write & Connects Health & Insurance Data
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
For more information contact:
Debra L. Griffin
(601) 968-2468
App Bridges Technology Gap and Disrupts Barriers to Patient Engagement
PPX-Tec provides both patient and provider access to medical records via Bluetooth.
JACKSON, MS – (February 12, 2019) – Imagine having years of your medical history available at the swipe of your fingertips securely. The burden of recalling last year’s treatment, prescription, dose or insurance coverage to your current, new or referred provider is alleviated, and the data for your next doctor’s visit is easily captured. The Health and Human Services (HHS) have called for new standards issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC) in securely sharing patient data across systems. Because of one woman’s health scare,there’s an app for that.
When veteran healthcare administrator, Debra Griffin, was fighting a battle with breast cancer in 1989, she was also in the fight to obtain, understand and make decisions based on health records regarding her diagnosis and treatments. The night prior to surgery, she requested to see her medical records. While there was tremendous resistance, she knew she had a right to review her records. Griffin had no internet access, and to advocate for her right as a patient was new territory.
Griffin’s first-hand patient advocacy led to the development of PPX-Tec, a patient-provider exchange through a stand-alone mobile solution. She has been on a mission to empower patients with complete control over their medical data and shift the dynamic on how medical data is shared. Government healthcare regulators are now moving the needle.
The PPX-Tec app is a game-changer. In 2015 Griffin personally presented PPX to ONC in potentially providing a valuable interoperability resource. Clinic trials were completed November 2018. A subsequent visit with ONC and HHS representatives led to a commitment of funding a 90/10 Use Case Demonstration Project with Griffin sourcing a state Medicaid partner. Griffin was also invited to present PPX-Tec at the 2018 national conference of Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange (WEDI), an official advisors to HHS and ONC on healthcare IT to foster and improve information exchange.
While transparency in electronic health information (EHI) has been gaining traction with listings of hospital charges, the recent announcement by government policymakers will directly affect programs like Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act and the millions of Americans who subscribe to these services. The rules will strengthen enforcement of the 21stCentury Cures Act by publicly reporting hospitals practicing “information-blocking” that deny a patient’s right to EHI. The new policy will mandate core requirements in API standards along with provider vocabulary and training to make interoperabililty seamless.
– more –
CMS Administrator Seema Verma stated, “By requiring health insurers to share their information in an accessible format by 2020, 125 million patients will have access to their health claims information electronically. This unprecedented step toward a healthcare future where patients are able to obtain and share their health data, securely and privately, with just a few clicks, is just the beginning of a digital data revolution that truly empowers American patients.”
“I believe that all patients should share in the ownership of their records in a simple and practical manner,” Griffin said. “Sharing health data enables the patient to more actively participate in their treatment and improve their quality of life. PPX is a non-threatening, patient engagement opportunity platform to send and receive health and insurance data between patients and providers across the healthcare delivery system. Accessing and integrating medical history to form a comprehensive, holistic approach for care is no longer a challenge due to PPX’s unique share menu and paired functioning. The PPX app is a bridge,” she explained.
During each doctor’s visit, the patient can use the PPX-Tec mobile app paired, one app on the patient’s smart device and the other app installed on the provider’s medical device to access and share health and insurance data via Bluetooth, signaled with a secure, self-generating token or code. This is particularly useful in rural areas where internet connection may be spotty and those you don't use computers but are smart device savvy. The app can bypass data blocking when moving patient data over different EHI systems at the patient’s or provider’s request. Plus, the app is cloud-ready and serves as a bridge to email, print, or export records as a PDF, Numbers document, CSV, HTML or XML.
In addition to sharing data with healthcare providers, PPX can share info with insurance companies and social services entities, creating a win-win for treatment of the whole patient and for detecting and thwarting fraud. Data integration on this scale can save lives and reduce the cost of healthcare.
For more information on PPX, its mobile solutions and its stakeholders, visit ppx-tec.com.
About PPC-Tec, LLC
PPX-Tec, LLC is a software research and development company in operation seven years creating innovative improvements and tech solutions for data literacy and usability. PPX Tec’s vision is to improve healthcare through patient-provider engagement and information access to make the best possible decisions for care and treatment.Deadman Wonderland (2011)
Ganta 12 episodes, 2011
Shiro 12 episodes, 2011
Shiro 12 episodes, 2011
You Takumi / ... 8 episodes, 2011
Endou / ... 8 episodes, 2011
Yamazaki / ... 6 episodes, 2011
Karako Koshio 6 episodes, 2011
Lists
67 votes1,000 Animated Series to See Before Death... (1001 items)
list by ToonHead2102
Published 8 years, 4 months ago
44 votesMy Anime List (56 items)
list by Massao Ikawa
Published 7 years, 8 months ago
39 votesAnime Reviews (104 items)
list by Never More
Published 4 years, 1 month ago
14 votesMy Favorite Anime Series/OVAs (315 items)
list by Pandoras Folly
Published 4 years, 10 months ago
12 votesGreat Anime (50 items)
list by jmmm7519
View all Deadman Wonderland lists (24 more)
Deadman Wonderland Videos
Deadman Wonderland Opening Creditless
37 Views
Added 6 years ago
View all Deadman Wonderland videos
View all Deadman Wonderland pictures (15 more)
Description: ... (more)
Release date: 16 April 2011
Tags:My tags:
Update feed
"23.06"
Animes I've watched (346 tv items)
DarthTrino added this to a list 11 months, 2 weeks ago
Animes que he visto (Anime I've Seen) (269 tv items)
"SERIES Branch of Sin"
punishernoir added this to a list 3 years, 9 months ago
Horror TV Shows (80 tv items)
Animes vistos (521 tv items)
Animación japonesa (Series y manga) (53 tv items)
Never More added this to a list 4 years, 1 month 4 years, 10 months ago
My Favorite Anime Series/OVAs (315 tv items)
Cartoon/Anime series watched (182 tv items)
People who liked this also liked
Rating: 6.5
Rating: 6.6
Rating: 6.6
Rating: 6.4
Rating: 6.9
Rating: 6
Rating: 6.5
Rating: 5.9
Rating: 6
Rating: 6.3
Rating: 6.7
Rating: 7.1
Rating: 7.9
Rating: 6.9
Rating: 7.5
Rating: 5.4
Rating: 7.8
Rating: 6.4
Rating: 7
Rating: 7.2
Rating: 6.1Ric Wirick used Sandvox to build this website. He chose the “Minty Fresh” design for the site. People may want to visit the site if they are looking for Container Gardens on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Visit Creative Awakenings, LLC »
Describe your website.
"A Gift of a Garden"
Creative Awakenings, LLC, offers an assortment of stunning plants and flowers carefully arranged in a variety of pots -- Container Gardens.
We are dedicated to keeping business local; we hand-select all of our plants from local plant nurseries. Our experienced design team utilizes many different types of Hawaii island grown orchids, from the graceful Phalaenopsis to the showy, broad-flowered Cattleyas to the delightfully sweet-smelling Sharry Babies. Bromeliads, Anthuriums and Colocasia are other favorites that we choose in our designs. Crotons, Begonias, Ipomoea, Alocasia, ivys, and ferns (to name just a few) are other favorites that add depth and dimension to your customized Container Garden(s). Top off the arrangement with a selection of mosses, bamboo sticks, or other complementary accessories.
Our Container Gardens are a great way to enjoy all the beauty of your own personal garden. We are confident that you will discover a Container Garden that will amuse and tickle your senses with their fragrances, textures, and stimulating palettes. Whether you are looking for a touch of elegance, a feeling of relaxation, or an expression of warm welcome, color in a container will create an expression of that mood in both your interior and exterior space.
Creative Awakenings, LLC. also offers a weekly Maintenance Program to provide you with worry free maintenance. We are trained to keep your plants looking their best.
Weekly visits include watering, cleaning and dead-heading spent plant blooms, pruning back foliage, fertilizing and replace plants as needed for each Container Garden.
Who is the target audience for your website?
For anyone on Hawaii island, the Big Island of Hawaii -- let us help you make your individual spaces (home, business, lanai, etc.) even more stylish and inviting with one or more of our eye-catching arrangements made up of an array of vibrant blooming and lush foliage plants displayed in the container of your choice.
Time and time again, our Container Gardens have proven to be delightful gifts for parties, holidays, and house warmings and they are ideal way to send a visual representation of your love or regard to someone special.
What is the advantage of your website over others?
This website will provide an online reference to our products and services. And in-turn allow us to reach a greater number of prospective clients on Hawaii Island, the Big Island of Hawaii.
Tell us a story about this website.
This website should help create more sales, service and maintenance programs for our business.
Why did you use this Sandvox design?
This design worked the best for our application.
What techniques did you use to build this website?
Once again, for us it was most helpful for us to watch, review and follow the Sandvox video tutorial for Mac. It allowed us to build and publish the site quickly.I’m attempting to clean my desk. As we’ve seen in the past, maintaining a clean desk is quite difficult for me, and yet after cleaning and organizing and Christmasizing Casa de Sabala this weekend, I’m somewhat inspired to be in a place that doesn’t make me have to take a Xanax to function in. (That, and they’re making me move out of my cozy office with a wine fridge into a cube upstairs wherein I start inventing new swear words to try and scare my new ‘neighbors’ with.)
In doing said task, I figured I’d tackle my file-thingy that I keep random crap in to pretend that I’m organized even though really, it’s just a metal mesh thingy that keeps the aforementioned random crap (that I never look at, btw) from taking over more desk space. I don’t think I’ve gone through this metal mesh thingy in four months, so I decided that the perpetual pile-r would actually GO THROUGH the stuff in the metal mesh thingy and throw things away. (Yes, you read that right. I WAS GOING TO THROW THINGS AWAY!) In doing so, I came upon an envelope of pictures of me and an ex from a few years ago, immediately sending me back to a quasi-relationship that made me feel as insecure as I did when I was *IN* the relationship. There are pictures of us together, appearing happy, appearing coupley, but in viewing them I was struck with the memory of always waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Then I found the letter. It was addressed to my ex, stamped, yet remained unsent. It was also sealed. I had a vague recollection of not sending it for a reason, but couldn’t exactly remember why. So I opened it.
It was dated October 10, some time in the past.
I remember now. We broke up on October 11th. Or, more accurately, he broke up with ME on October 11th. So *THAT’S* why I never sent it.
The thing that gets me the most is that it’s an apology letter. An APOLOGY letter, saying I’m sorry for pressuring him to say what’s on his mind, to say that he missed me; basically, I’m apologizing for trying to get confirmation of his feelings. Part of me must have known that the end was near; after all, if your boyfriend can’t utter those three words (and no, not THOSE three words; the "I miss you" words) he probably doesn’t & you’re in for a quick trip to dumpsville. I ended the letter with the following phrase:
Not going to bug you anymore for not saying it, but going to say it myself since that’s me.
I Miss you – Aubrey
In looking back, had he not broken up with me the next day, and had I not known enough to withhold sending this letter first thing in the morning, he should have dumped me for this alone. Can you say PATHETIC? I won’t go into the rest of the letter, but suffice it to say it followed suit in its insecure, unsure-of-our-relationship talking-in-circles self-protection vulnerability. In looking back, I can understand why I would have written it, yet I’m embarrassed and somewhat appalled by my ability to be walked all over. I’m far from perfect in relationships these days and yes, sometimes too much remains unsaid, but at least I don’t find myself apologizing for things I should never apologize for, things that I should be demanding in the relationship in the first place.
With all due respect to parties whose names I’ll withhold, what I should have said was:
Dear John,
Our conversation last night was shit. You are one hell of a pu**y for not being able to speak your feelings; I deserve better. If you don’t miss me, or can’t say it, then I’m clearly with the wrong person. Go find yourself someone who’s ok with your emotional retardation because I’m certainly not.
The End,
Love,
Aubrey
I wonder if I could get a false postmark dated a few years ago and send the revised version anyway…
don’t you EVER say you are pathetic EVER AGAIN young lady! seriously – your feelings are your feelings, and you had every right to feel how you felt…even though i didn’t know you then. haha.
so no more apologizing for having feelings – if there is one thing i’ve learned (from YOU, from willo, from a myriad of others) it’s that it is okay to be a girl. the end, love ali.Wedding headpiece, headband, QUEENIE, Rhinestone Headband, Wedding Headband, Bridal Headband, Bridal Headpiece, Rhinestone
Beautiful applique shimmers and shines with rhinestones and beading. This rhinestone trim placed over a metal headband that is lined with satin ribbon. This Accenting a romantic up-do or tucking into loose locks. This beautiful hair piece can also be made with a ribbon. The rhinestone design is14 inches long and rhinestones is .5 inches wide. Please review my shop policies regarding shipping and returns beforeFurman Update on UK Transformers Issue 3
Friday, May 18th, 2007 6:29pm CDTCategories: Comic Book News, People News
Posted by: Hotrod Views: 15,190
Topic Options: View Discussion · Sign in or Join to reply
"The focus of #3’s story (and, as always, I’ll tiptoe around the fine details, so no major spoilers) is Ratchet, who (in the live-action movie incarnation of things) is much more of a brawler. Sure, he’s still a battlefield medic, but this Ratchet is quite willing to take on all-comers (and believe me, he does!). The trick with these focused ten-page character-led stories is to both tell a focused, ten-page character-led story (and make it a story in and of itself, rather than one part of six, as the overall arc is structured) and somehow find a way to sneak in cameos from other Transformers. Such is the way we’ve constructed the story (largely because we didn’t want to impact too directly on the Prequel comics and other pre-Movie stuff), with the focal Transformers scattered here and there in the far reaches of outer space (after the end of #2), it’s been a challenge to find ways to involve or reference the rest of the cast. But then, I like a challenge (it keeps things interesting), and so far so good. The ten pages of Ratchet action manages to shoehorn in a bunch of other characters, as does the Devastator story. Now, if only I can do the same for Ironhide (#5) and Jazz (#6)!"
Credit(s): Simon Furman Liege Evilmus on May 18th, 2007 @ 7:08pm CDT
Posted by Roboto750 on May 19th, 2007 @ 8:44pm CDT
Perhaps this is a sign of things to come from the movie, or perhaps never will come.....
Posted by Calvatron on May 20th, 2007 @ 7:33am CDT
Posted by Roboto750 on May 20th, 2007 @ 10:53am CDT
Calvatron wrote:They are planning on making a sequal to the movie. So if Furman uses characters that are not in the first one he will have the ability to take liberties that in the future he would not be allowed to do. Plus with so many restraints on most of the stuff he's done for the movie so far it must be nice to use a character he has more freedom with. Allow him to be creative rather than just adaptive and innovative.
That's what I figured....
Posted by Windsweeper on May 20th, 2007 @ 12:22pm CDTEnrol With UsNow offering Prep to Year Twelve
uniforms
General College Uniform rules:
- Full, correct uniform is to be worn each day.
- Southern Cross Catholic College uniforms are not to be modified after purchase.
- T-Shirts, "skins" and other undergarments are not to be visible under blouse or shirt.
- The Southern Cross Catholic College bag is the only bag to be used (black for Secondary, burgundy for Primary).
- The Southern Cross Catholic College academic hat (with academic uniform) or sports bucket hat (with Primary or sports uniform) is to be worn. The hat is to be worn on arrival and departure from the school grounds, and at all times the student is outside of the classroom. The hat is to be removed when indoors.
- All Secondary students are expected to wear their full Academic uniform on Fridays. Junior Secondary Students (7-10) are encouraged but not expected to wear their Academic uniform on non-HPE days. Senior Students (11/12) are expected to wear their full Academic uniform every Friday and on one other week day determined by the CLT or on a term basis.
- Primary students are required to wear Academic Uniform three days per week. Sports uniforms are to be worn on Fridays AND one other day per week when their classroom HPE lesson is scheduled. Primary students may wear their Southern Cross Catholic College house shirt on Fridays, in place of their sports shirt.
Academic Uniform - Primary
Boys
- Check-patterned button-up shirt with abstract SCCC embroidery
- Burgundy elastic waist shorts- SCCC initials embroidery
- Shoes are black (all black). No coloured laces allowed.
- White socks above the ankles
- Burgundy, embroidered, bucket hat
Girls
- Check-patterned button-up shirt with tie with abstract SCCC embroidery
- Burgundy button-up waist culottes with SCCC initials embroidery OR
- Check-patterned dress with abstract SCCC embroidery
- Shoes are black (all black). No coloured laces allowed.
- White socks above the ankle
- Burgundy, embroidered, bucket hat
Sports uniform – Primary
- Burgundy/yellow polo shirt, knit collar, SCCC embroidered logo
- Burgundy quick-dry shorts
- Sports shoes suitable for physical activities
- Socks are white and are to reach at least to the ankles.
- Burgundy, embroidered, bucket hat
- Prep students wear Sports uniform every day (unisex)
Academic Uniform - Junior Secondary (Years 7-10)
Girls
- White blouse with burgundy and grey stripes, SCCC embroidered logo and tie
- Charcoal grey skorts or skirt with SCCC logo
- Black leather lace-up shoes polished with white socks above the ankles
- Cream Formal Hat
Boys
- White shirt with burgundy and grey stripes, SCCC embroidered logo
- Charcoal grey shorts with SCCC logo
- Black leather lace-up shoes polished with grey socks above the ankles
- Grey Formal Hat
Academic Uniform - Senior Secondary (Years 11 & 12)
Girls
- Grey Senior Dress with Senior tie
- Black leather lace-up shoes, polished with white socks above the ankles
- Cream formal hat
Boys
- White Senior dress shirt with Senior tie
- Grey Senior dress shorts
- Knee-high grey socks
- Black leather lace-up shoes, polished with white socks above the ankles
- Grey formal hat
Sports Uniform – Secondary (unisex)
- Burgundy/gold/grey polo shirt, knit collar, SCCC embroidered logo
- Black quick-dry shorts
- Sports shoes suitable for physical activities
- Socks are white and are to reach at least to the ankles.
- Burgundy embroidered bucket hat
Rules
- College Uniforms: the full College uniform is to be worn correctly and with pride as per the Uniform Policy, at the College, travelling between home and the College and on other occasions as required.
- Shoes: black leather-laced school shoes or black joggers (Primary only) are to be worn with academic uniform. Shoes must comply with Workplace Health and Safety regulations. Sports shoes suitable for physical activity are to be worn with sports uniform. High Tops, Globes, DCs, Volleys, deck shoes, Vans etc., are not to be worn as part of the uniform.
- Winter wear (Primary): The college jumper or a plain maroon pullover and plain maroon tracksuit pants may be worn during winter.
- Winter wear (Secondary): Black college sports jacket or plain black jacket (no logos) OR black college pullover. Year 12 students may wear their senior jersey during terms 2 and 3, with their sports uniform (as a jumper).
- Hat: the College hat is to be worn to and from school and at all times the student is outside the classroom. A “no hat, no play” rule is strictly applied. Ripped, torn or tattered hats need to be replaced. Student’s name is to be clearly but unobtrusively written on the hat. Hats are a graffiti-free uniform item.
- Hair: student hair must be kept natural, well groomed and off the face at all times. Hair that reaches the uniform collar is to be tied back with ties and/or bands. Tie/s or band/s, hair clips etc., are to be of college colours (burgundy, white, black, charcoal grey or gold). Hairstyles are to be compatible with the College uniform policy. Extreme or radical hair styles (including ‘streaks’, ‘tracks’, ‘rats tails’, ‘mullets’, extreme hair parting, shaving, undercuts or extensions) are not acceptable. Boys are not permitted to have their hair shorter than a ‘number 2’ cut.
- Jewellery: acceptable jewellery items include one pair of plain gold or silver studs or sleepers (no gemstones, pearls or shapes) that may be worn in the ear lobes; a simple wrist watch; flat signet ring; a plain metal chain with a religious medal or cross. No other body piercings are acceptable. Students will be asked to remove unacceptable jewellery items on first notice. Refusal to remove items may result in withdrawal from classes until the uniform policy is adhered to. The College takes no responsibility for the safety or replacement of any jewellery worn by students. It should be noted that any item of jewellery may be required to be removed due to health and safety reasons.
- Make-up: students are not to wear make-up to school. Students with visible make-up (including sunscreen foundation) will be asked to remove it and be given an Level 1 Yellow Infringement. Ongoing wearing of makeup will result in further consequences. This includes eyelash extensions.
- Nail polish: nail polish, acrylic nails or tattoos are not to be worn to school. Students will be asked to remove polish and tattoos on first notice.
- Shaving: male students are to be clean shaven on arrival to school.
- Personal hygiene: students are expected to take responsibility at all times for their own cleanliness. This shows respect for themselves and for other members of our community.
- Tattoos: All tattoos (temporary, permanent and/or Henna-style tattoos) are unacceptable at school. Any permanent tattoos are to be covered at all times.
- Non-Uniform Days: On ‘non-uniform’ days, students are required to wear clothing that complies with health and safety expectations and is compatible with College values. Students are required to wear the College hat and regulation shoes (closed in shoes – no thongs, sandals or strappy shoes). Shirts and tops are to have sleeves and fully cover the mid-drift. Symbols and writing worn on clothing should be compatible with the College culture and values. Shorts and skirts should be modest in length. Sports compression and active wear tights are not permitted. House coloured shirts may only be worn on days prescribed by the College.
Primary and Secondary uniforms can be purchased from The School Locker at Domain (Townsville), at the College Uniform Shop (select open times) or online here.Geography Gervais is located at 45°6'30" North, 122°53'51" West (45.108252, -122.897460)1.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.0 km² (0.4 mi²). 1.0 km² (0.4 mi²) of it is land and none of the area is covered with water.
Demographics As of the census of 2000, there are 2,009 people, 452 households, and 391 families residing in the city. The population density is 1,988.9/km² (5,133.7/mi²). There are 477 housing units at an average density of 472.2/km² (1,218.9/mi²). The racial makeup of the city is 40.32% White, 0.35% African American, 1.54% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 52.91% from other races, and 4.53% from two or more races. 65.21% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There are 452 households out of which 59.7% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.8% are married couples living together, 9.7% have a female householder with no husband present, and 13.3% are non-families. 9.5% of all households are made up of individuals and 2.7% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size is 4.39 and the average family size is 4.45.
In the city the population is spread out with 37.7% under the age of 18, 12.9% from 18 to 24, 34.0% from 25 to 44, 10.6% from 45 to 64, and 4.7% who are 65 years of age or older. The median age is 24 years. For every 100 females there are 120.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there are 132.1 males.
The median income for a household in the city is $43,882, and the median income for a family is $44,118. Males have a median income of $21,490 versus $21,167 for females. The per capita income for the city is $10,862. 17.3% of the population and 13.3% of families are below the poverty line. Out of the total people living in poverty, 20.9% are under the age of 18 and 11.0% are 65 or older.Rainbow Colored Licensed Troll Wig - Adult
SKU DG17023
Save 27%
Original price $23.38
Current price $16.99
Product Description
Go crazy and add a pop of color to your Troll outfit. This silly and fun rainbow costume wig is the perfect accessory to your Rainbow Troll Character Look. Inspired from the animated film, Trolls, this Trolls Rainbow Wig will brighten up your look. The Rainbow-Colored Adult Troll Wig by Disguise features a multi-colored wig that stands up straight. One size fits most adults.
Features
- Rainbow wig styled straight up
- Mesh cap inside of wig
- Synthetic fiber
- Officially licensed
- Packaging: Polybag, Wig + Insert (10" X 10")Close Option Broker Review - 5$ Binary Options Low Minimum you can deposit starting from just 5$
BinaryOnline Minimum Deposit - Binary Options Trading
2019/01/12 ·
Lowest minimum deposit -<<
Minimum Deposit Binary Options (2020) - Low Deposit Binary With Minimum Deposit | Small Minimum Deposit | Binary Options_6<<
Binary.com Review - Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit Broker!
Best Binary Options Brokers with Low Minimum Deposit - $1- $10_8<<
Minimum Deposit Binary Options - Low Deposit Brokers
2016/10/14 · In binary options industry the average minimum deposit for most brokers is around €200 – €250 which is usually the right amount to begin with. Traders usually risk with higher amounts and in the result they can also expect higher returns.
20 Best Binary Options Brokers (Updated January 2020)<<
Five Low Minimum Deposit Binary Options Brokers<<.
Nadex Minimum Deposit - Binary Options Trading
This post takes a look at the current binary options brokers we recommend and listing out their minimum trade details as well as their smallest deposit amounts.Many traders, myself included like to deposit a couple hundred bucks and have some fun trading the short time frame options.
Best Binary Options Brokers With Start Trading only with $5 - YouTube
Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit Brokers! In Case you do Not want to invest big money in Binary options trading, then pick among Those Agents that give you an extremely low minimum deposit. Go through the descriptions and then choose your favourite Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit …
Binary.com Broker Review! Binary Options Low Minimum_17<<
Finpari Minimum Deposit - How much do I have to deposit?
2016/09/17 · BinaryOnline Minimum Deposit | Numbers. When it comes to numbers, BinaryOnline minimum deposit is set to 250$. This is a pretty average amount in this industry, but what is particularly interesting is the fact that you can open trades for just 5$.
Binary Options Brokers | Binary Trading
2018/06/17 · 20$ Binary Options No Deposit Bonus. To receive the Free Money client should have verified their account by loading residency and identity documents. Ask for 20$ Free Without Deposit …
Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit Brokers List
Binary.com Review – Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit Broker. Binary.com (formerly BetOnMarkets.com) can be a award winning adjusted odds financial betting broker that’s situated at the Isle of Man and Malta.
Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit Brokers List.
Payment Methods | Binary.com_22<<
Best Binary Options Brokers with Low Minimum Deposit.
Find out the iOption Minimum Deposit before opening your_25<<
365Trading - Min. $100 Deposit - Binary Option Robot
Binary options trading Minimum deposit. Here is the list of binary options brokers which offer low minimum deposit. It is possible to trade binary options from 1 $/£/€, 5, 10, 20, 25, 50 or 100 dollars/euros/£ minimum deposit.
Forex Affiliate Links - Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit_27<<
Binary Options Brokers with Low Min Deposits<<
Online Trading platform for binary options on Forex_29<<
Five Low Minimum Deposit Binary Options Brokers - Brokers Scam_30<<
Best Binary Options Brokers for USA (Top Trading Platforms_31<<
YesOption Minimum Deposit • - 7 Binary Options
2017/10/09 · The standard minimum deposit Required to open a binary trading account is $250. You will find agents with a 5$ to $50 minimum deposit requirement, and a Some brokers which want far more. Search for Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit …
Binary Option Brokers With Low Minimum Deposit
The minimum amount that you can deposit on a trade is $5. There is also the chance to get a 100% bonus on your first deposit, that extends up to the value of $1000. High Low. If you are looking for a CFD / Forexs broker that requires a very low deposit but has considerable benefits to offer traders, you will not go wrong with High Low.
Minimum Deposit and Trade Amounts - Fast Binary Options
5$ Binary Options Low Minimum Deposit; 5$ Binary Options Small Minimum Trade Size; Choose a duration from 10 seconds to 365 days; 10,000$ Free Demo Account to try Binary Options; Forex, CFDs, Metals and CryptoCurrencies assets for trading on MT5 platform – start with a free demo account!
Recent CommentsSunset Carnival Sequin Wrap Dress
PARTYWEAR is here! A collection full of hedonistic partywear looks and statement wardrobe items to make you feel your sassiest self!
Get ready babes! As we have a DREAM DRESS for your wardrobe!
The sunset Carnival Wrap Dress is handcrafted by us in THE MOST flattering fit. Featuring a plunging neckline and batwing sleeves. Made from orange and gold velvet sequin fabric.<<Model by Authentic.
Season Mustang raced by Fabian Coulthard 2020.
Opening parts, excellent.
Please note this is a preorder, and may be some months away.
You may wish to contact us and arrange to place a deposit of $40
Until the model is in.
Shell Mustang 2020 Season car Coulthard.Chandelier, WhoseLamp.
Amata Flask Shape 5-Light Empire Chandelier$199.00
Cordell 18-Light Sputnik Chandelier$79.00
Bella 5-Light Chandelier$249.00
Amia 6-Light Lantern Pendant$159.00
Avelina 6-Light Chandelier$249.00
Landwehr 4-Light Chandelier$199.00
Belz 8-Light Cluster Pendant$169.00
Grand Bank 4-Light Chandelier, Auburn Stained$289.00
Topeka 5-Light Kitchen Island Pendant$79.00theater projectors for your show or for your private party in tuscany, rent all kinds of halogen and LED to create all the effects you want
Par 36 teather pojector
Par can 64 teather pojector
Wedding Videos
Lighting Services Videos
Please, see on our Facebook Page our latests videos
Italian Site
Wedding Parties
Lighting and moreTop
>
日本語
Remove duplicate scrobbles in your library of last.fm
for firefox 26.0 and maybe Safari. NOT for chrome or opera.
Use me at your own risk.
Here
is infomation about Duplicate scrobbles.
And they say we should be patient not to delete those duplicate scrobbles.
Unfortunately I am not patient. I have removed a bunch of duplicates, and I think there is no extra problem.
If you want to delete duplicate scrobbles, you can use this page at ur own risk.
If you hava any comment, please feel free to write them to me at
here
. thank you.
user name of last.fm
username:
your official tracks page is here
last.fm
Search duplicate scrobbles
1.Input values of [start page] and [how many pages] you want to check.
2.Click [check] button. Or simply click the button [check as much as I can].
A page is supposed to have 50 scrobbles. If you click [check as much as I can], I will try to get scrobbles as much as I can and I don't know how much they are. If you want to stop loading them, click [stop checking].
start page:
how many pages:
pages
I don't know how many pages you have.
how many seconds of difference do you think the same tracks that were scrobbled dupilicatedly have?
sec
duplicate scrobbles that you have found. they are targets to remove when you click the [Remove] button.
Authorize Me and Get A Session
This is required when you remove your records.
Click [Authorize] and do it on the new window
After [Authorize] Click the [Session].
token:
session:
If there are a token and a session, you don't have to get new ones, unless they haven't been expired.
Remove Listed duplicate scrobbles
Once duplicate scrobbles are removed, they won't recover.
Often you can re-find those duplicate scrobbles that you have removed with this page. I don't know why.
Click [refresh] button, it might vanish those ghost scrobbles.
Once you press [Remove], do push ups or something to kill time.
[Refresh] does [Scrobble A DUMMY TRACK], [Get Recent Tracks] and [Remove The DUMMY Scrobble]. I am not sure it clear cashe of API, but I assume so. Try one or two times.
[FYI] The Last Removed (or removing) Scrobble Information.
artist:
track:
timestamp:
extra informationIt seems that the folks at Toca Boca have been cooking up something good.
Their next app, Toca Kitchen is slated for release on December 15th. In the upcoming app your child will get to cook for four hungry characters. Chop, slice, boil, fry and serve up some fun…Toca Boca style!
You start by selecting your ingredients from the fridge and prepare them in any way you like. Encouraging your child to use their imagination, the game promotes “free exploratory play with food in a new way”.
Watch the adorable trailer below. I cannot wait to try this one out with my daughter, I have a feeling she is going to absolutely love this one as well!Posts Tagged Postgres
Getting Started with PostgreSQL using Amazon RDS, CloudFormation, pgAdmin, and Python
Posted by Gary A. Stafford in AWS, Cloud, Python, Software Development on August 9, 2019
Introduction
In the following post, we will explore how to get started with Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) for PostgreSQL. CloudFormation will be used to build a PostgreSQL master database instance and a single read replica in a new VPC. AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store will be used to store our CloudFormation configuration values. Amazon RDS Event Notifications will send text messages to our mobile device to let us know when the RDS instances are ready for use. Once running, we will examine a variety of methods to interact with our database instances, including pgAdmin, Adminer, and Python.
Technologies
The primary technologies used in this post include the following.
PostgreSQL
According to its website, PostgreSQL, commonly known as Postgres, is the world’s most advanced Open Source relational database. Originating at UC Berkeley in 1986, PostgreSQL has more than 30 years of active core development. PostgreSQL has earned a strong reputation for its proven architecture, reliability, data integrity, robust feature set, extensibility. PostgreSQL runs on all major operating systems and has been ACID-compliant since 2001.
Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
According to Amazon, Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) provides six familiar database engines to choose from, including Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle Database, and SQL Server. RDS is available on several database instance types - optimized for memory, performance, or I/O.
Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale PostgreSQL deployments in the cloud. Amazon RDS supports the latest PostgreSQL version 11, which includes several enhancements to performance, robustness, transaction management, query parallelism, and more.
AWS CloudFormation
According to Amazon, CloudFormation provides a common language to describe and provision all the infrastructure resources within AWS-based cloud environments. CloudFormation allows you to use a JSON- or YAML-based template to model and provision all the resources needed for your applications across all AWS regions and accounts, in an automated and secure manner.
Demonstration
Architecture
Below, we see an architectural representation of what will be built in the demonstration. This is not a typical three-tier AWS architecture, wherein the RDS instances would be placed in private subnets (data tier) and accessible only by the application tier, running on AWS. The architecture for the demonstration is designed for interacting with RDS through external database clients such as pgAdmin, and applications like our local Python scripts, detailed later in the post.
Source Code
All source code for this post is available on GitHub in a single public repository, postgres-rds-demo.
. ├── LICENSE.md ├── README.md ├── cfn-templates │ ├── event.template │ ├── rds.template ├── parameter_store_values.sh ├── python-scripts │ ├── create_pagila_data.py │ ├── database.ini │ ├── db_config.py │ ├── query_postgres.py │ ├── requirements.txt │ └── unit_tests.py ├── sql-scripts │ ├── pagila-insert-data.sql │ └── pagila-schema.sql └── stack.yml
To clone the GitHub repository, execute the following command.
git clone --branch master --single-branch --depth 1 --no-tags \
Prerequisites
For this demonstration, I will assume you already have an AWS account. Further, that you have the latest copy of the AWS CLI and Python 3 installed on your development machine. Optionally, for pgAdmin and Adminer, you will also need to have Docker installed.
Steps
In this demonstration, we will perform the following steps.
- Put CloudFormation configuration values in Parameter Store;
- Execute CloudFormation templates to create AWS resources;
- Execute SQL scripts using Python to populate the new database with sample data;
- Configure pgAdmin and Python connections to RDS PostgreSQL instances;
AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
With AWS, it is typical to use services like AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store and AWS Secrets Manager to store overt, sensitive, and secret configuration values. These values are utilized by your code, or from AWS services like CloudFormation. Parameter Store allows us to follow the proper twelve-factor, cloud-native practice of separating configuration from code.
To demonstrate the use of Parameter Store, we will place a few of our CloudFormation configuration items into Parameter Store. The demonstration’s GitHub repository includes a shell script,
parameter_store_values.sh, which will put the necessary parameters into Parameter Store.
Below, we see several of the demo’s configuration values, which have been put into Parameter Store.
SecureString
Whereas our other parameters are stored in Parameter Store as String datatypes, the database’s master user password is stored as a SecureString data-type. Parameter Store uses an AWS Key Management Service (KMS) customer master key (CMK) to encrypt the SecureString parameter value.
SMS Text Alert Option
Before running the Parameter Store script, you will need to change the
/rds_demo/alert_phone parameter value in the script (shown below) to your mobile device number, including country code, such as ‘+12038675309’. Amazon SNS will use it to send SMS messages, using Amazon RDS Event Notification. If you don’t want to use this messaging feature, simply ignore this parameter and do not execute the
event.template CloudFormation template in the proceeding step.
aws ssm put-parameter \ --name /rds_demo/alert_phone \ --type String \ --value "your_phone_number_here" \ --description "RDS alert SMS phone number" \ --overwrite
Run the following command to execute the shell script,
parameter_store_values.sh, which will put the necessary parameters into Parameter Store.
sh ./
parameter_store_values.sh
CloudFormation Templates
The GitHub repository includes two CloudFormation templates,
cfn-templates/event.template and
cfn-templates/rds.template. This event template contains two resources, which are an AWS SNS Topic and an AWS RDS Event Subscription. The RDS template also includes several resources, including a VPC, Internet Gateway, VPC security group, two public subnets, one RDS master database instance, and an AWS RDS Read Replica database instance.
The resources are split into two CloudFormation templates so we can create the notification resources, first, independently of creating or deleting the RDS instances. This will ensure we get all our SMS alerts about both the creation and deletion of the databases.
Template Parameters
The two CloudFormation templates contain a total of approximately fifteen parameters. For most, you can use the default values I have set or chose to override them. Four of the parameters will be fulfilled from Parameter Store. Of these, the master database password is treated slightly differently because it is secure (encrypted in Parameter Store). Below is a snippet of the template showing both types of parameters. The last two are fulfilled from Parameter Store.
DBInstanceClass: Type: String Default: "db.t3.small" DBStorageType: Type: String Default: "gp2" DBUser: Type: String Default: "{{resolve:ssm:/rds_demo/master_username:1}}" DBPassword: Type: String Default: "{{resolve:ssm-secure:/rds_demo/master_password:1}}" NoEcho: True
Choosing the default CloudFormation parameter values will result in two minimally-configured RDS instances running the PostgreSQL 11.4 database engine on a db.t3.small instance with 10 GiB of General Purpose (SSD) storage. The db.t3 DB instance is part of the latest generation burstable performance instance class. The master instance is not configured for Multi-AZ high availability. However, the master and read replica each run in a different Availability Zone (AZ) within the same AWS Region.
Parameter Versioning
When placing parameters into Parameter Store, subsequent updates to a parameter result in the version number of that parameter being incremented. Note in the examples above, the version of the parameter is required by CloudFormation, here, ‘1’. If you chose to update a value in Parameter Store, thus incrementing the parameter’s version, you will also need to update the corresponding version number in the CloudFormation template’s parameter.
{ "Parameter": { "Name": "/rds_demo/rds_username", "Type": "String", "Value": "masteruser", "Version": 1, "LastModifiedDate": 1564962073.774, "ARN": "arn:aws:ssm:us-east-1:1234567890:parameter/rds_demo/rds_username" } }
Validating Templates
Although I have tested both templates, I suggest validating the templates yourself, as you usually would for any CloudFormation template you are creating. You can use the AWS CLI CloudFormation
validate-template CLI command to validate the template. Alternately, or I suggest additionally, you can use CloudFormation Linter,
cfn-lint command.
aws cloudformation validate-template \ --template-body cfn-lint -t cfn-templates/cfn-templates/rds.template
Create the Stacks
To execute the first CloudFormation template and create a CloudFormation Stack containing the two event notification resources, run the following
create-stack CLI command.
aws cloudformation create-stack \ --template-body \ --stack-name RDSEventDemoStack
The first stack only takes less than one minute to create. Using the AWS CloudFormation Console, make sure the first stack completes successfully before creating the second stack with the command, below.
aws cloudformation create-stack \ --template-body \ --stack-name RDSDemoStack
Wait for my Text
In my tests, the CloudFormation RDS stack takes an average of 25–30 minutes to create and 15–20 minutes to delete, which can seem like an eternity. You could use the AWS CloudFormation console (shown below) or continue to use the CLI to follow the progress of the RDS stack creation.
However, if you recall, the CloudFormation event template creates an AWS RDS Event Subscription. This resource will notify us when the databases are ready by sending text messages to our mobile device.
In the CloudFormation events template, the RDS Event Subscription is configured to generate Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) notifications for several specific event types, including RDS instance creation and deletion.
MyEventSubscription: Properties: Enabled: true EventCategories: - availability - configuration change - creation - deletion - failover - failure - recovery SnsTopicArn: Ref: MyDBSNSTopic SourceType: db-instance Type: AWS::RDS::EventSubscription
Amazon SNS will send SMS messages to the mobile number you placed into Parameter Store. Below, we see messages generated during the creation of the two instances, displayed on an Apple iPhone.
Amazon RDS Dashboard
Once the RDS CloudFormation stack has successfully been built, the easiest way to view the results is using the Amazon RDS Dashboard, as shown below. Here we see both the master and read replica instances have been created and are available for our use.
The RDS dashboard offers CloudWatch monitoring of each RDS instance.
The RDS dashboard also provides detailed configuration information about each RDS instance.
The RDS dashboard’s Connection & security tab is where we can obtain connection information about our RDS instances, including the RDS instance’s endpoints. Endpoints information will be required in the next part of the demonstration.
Sample Data
Now that we have our PostgreSQL database instance and read replica successfully provisioned and configured on AWS, with an empty database, we need some test data. There are several sources of sample PostgreSQL databases available on the internet to explore. We will use the Pagila sample movie rental database by pgFoundry. Although the database is several years old, it provides a relatively complex relational schema (table relationships shown below) and plenty of sample data to query, about 100 database objects and 46K rows of data.
In the GitHub repository, I have included the two Pagila database SQL scripts required to install the sample database’s data structures (DDL),
sql-scripts/pagila-schema.sql, and the data itself (DML),
sql-scripts/pagila-insert-data.sql.
To execute the Pagila SQL scripts and install the sample data, I have included a Python script. If you do not want to use Python, you can skip to the Adminer section of this post. Adminer also has the capability to import SQL scripts.
Before running any of the included Python scripts, you will need to install the required Python packages and configure the
database.ini file.
Python Packages
To install the required Python packages using the supplied
python-scripts/requirements.txt file, run the below commands.
cd python-scripts pip3 install --upgrade -r requirements.txt
We are using two packages, psycopg2 and configparser, for the scripts. Psycopg is a PostgreSQL database adapter for Python. According to their website, Psycopg is the most popular PostgreSQL database adapter for the Python programming language. The
configparser module allows us to read configuration from files similar to Microsoft Windows INI files. The unittest package is required for a set of unit tests includes the project, but not discussed as part of the demo.
Database Configuration
The
python-scripts/database.ini file, read by
configparser, provides the required connection information to our RDS master and read replica instance’s databases. Use the input parameters and output values from the CloudFormation RDS template, or the Amazon RDS Dashboard to obtain the required connection information, as shown in the example, below. Your
host values will be unique for your master and read replica. The host values are the instance’s endpoint, listed in the RDS Dashboard’s Configuration tab.
[docker] host=localhost port=5432 database=pagila user=masteruser password=5up3r53cr3tPa55w0rd [master] host=demo-instance.dkfvbjrazxmd.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com port=5432 database=pagila user=masteruser password=5up3r53cr3tPa55w0rd [replica] host=demo-replica.dkfvbjrazxmd.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com port=5432 database=pagila user=masteruser password=5up3r53cr3tPa55w0rd
With the INI file configured, run the following command, which executes a supplied Python script,
python-scripts/create_pagila_data.py, to create the data structure and insert sample data into the master RDS instance’s Pagila database. The database will be automatically replicated to the RDS read replica instance. From my local laptop, I found the Python script takes approximately 40 seconds to create all 100 database objects and insert 46K rows of movie rental data. That is compared to about 13 seconds locally, using a Docker-based instance of PostgreSQL.
python3 ./create_pagila_data.py --instance master
The Python script’s primary function,
create_pagila_db(), reads and executes the two external SQL scripts.
def create_pagila_db(): """ Creates Pagila database by running DDL and DML scripts """ try: global conn with conn: with conn.cursor() as curs: curs.execute(open("../sql-scripts/pagila-schema.sql", "r").read()) curs.execute(open("../sql-scripts/pagila-insert-data.sql", "r").read()) conn.commit() print('Pagila SQL scripts executed') except (psycopg2.OperationalError, psycopg2.DatabaseError, FileNotFoundError) as err: print(create_pagila_db.__name__, err) close_conn() exit(1)
If the Python script executes correctly, you should see output indicating there are now 28 tables in our master RDS instance’s database.
pgAdmin
pgAdmin is a favorite tool for interacting with and managing PostgreSQL databases. According to its website, pgAdmin is the most popular and feature-rich Open Source administration and development platform for PostgreSQL.
The project includes an optional Docker Swarm
stack.yml file. The stack will create a set of three Docker containers, including a local copy of PostgreSQL 11.4, Adminer, and pgAdmin 4. Having a local copy of PostgreSQL, using the official Docker image, is helpful for development and trouble-shooting RDS issues.
Use the following commands to deploy the Swarm stack.
# create stack docker swarm init docker stack deploy -c stack.yml postgres # get status of new containers docker stack ps postgres --no-trunc docker container ls
If you do not want to spin up the whole Docker Swarm stack, you could use the
docker run command to create just a single pgAdmin Docker container. The pgAdmin 4 Docker image being used is the image recommended by pgAdmin.
docker pull dpage/pgadmin4 docker run -p 81:80 \ -e "PGADMIN_DEFAULT_EMAIL=user@domain.com" \ -e "PGADMIN_DEFAULT_PASSWORD=SuperSecret" \ -d dpage/pgadmin4 docker container ls | grep pgadmin4
Database Server Configuration
Once pgAdmin is up and running, we can configure the master and read replica database servers (RDS instances) using the connection string information from your
database.ini file or from the Amazon RDS Dashboard. Below, I am configuring the master RDS instance (server).
With that task complete, below, we see the master RDS instance and the read replica, as well as my local Docker instance configured in pgAdmin (left side of screengrab). Note how the Pagila database has been replicated automatically, from the RDS master to the read replica instance.
Building SQL Queries
Switching to the Query tab, we can run regular SQL queries against any of the database instances. Below, I have run a simple SELECT query against the master RDS instance’s Pagila database, returning the complete list of movie titles, along with their genre and release date.
The pgAdmin Query tool even includes an Explain tab to view a graphical representation of the same query, very useful for optimization. Here we see the same query, showing an analysis of the execution order. A popup window displays information about the selected object.
Query the Read Replica
To demonstrate the use of the read replica, below I’ve run the same query against the RDS read replica’s copy of the Pagila database. Any schema and data changes against the master instance are replicated to the read replica(s).
Adminer
Adminer is another good general-purpose database management tool, similar to pgAdmin, but with a few different capabilities. According to its website, with Adminer, you get a tidy user interface, rich support for multiple databases, performance, and security, all from a single PHP file. Adminer is my preferred tool for database admin tasks. Amazingly, Adminer works with MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MS SQL, Oracle, SimpleDB, Elasticsearch, and MongoDB.
Below, we see the Pagila database’s tables and views displayed in Adminer, along with some useful statistical information about each database object.
Similar to pgAdmin, we can also run queries, along with other common development and management tasks, from within the Adminer interface.
Import Pagila with Adminer
Another great feature of Adminer is the ability to easily import and export data. As an alternative to Python, you could import the Pagila data using Adminer’s SQL file import function. Below, you see an example of importing the Pagila database objects into the Pagila database, using the file upload function.
IDE
For writing my AWS infrastructure as code files and Python scripts, I prefer JetBrains PyCharm Professional Edition (v19.2). PyCharm, like all the JetBrains IDEs, has the ability to connect to and manage PostgreSQL database. You can write and run SQL queries, including the Pagila SQL import scripts. Microsoft Visual Studio Code is another excellent, free choice, available on multiple platforms.
Python and RDS
Although our IDE, pgAdmin, and Adminer are useful to build and test our queries, ultimately, we still need to connect to the Amazon RDS PostgreSQL instances and perform data manipulation from our application code. The GitHub repository includes a sample python script,
python-scripts/query_postgres.py. This script uses the same Python packages and connection functions as our Pagila data creation script we ran earlier. This time we will perform the same SELECT query using Python as we did previously with pgAdmin and Adminer.
cd python-scripts python3 ./query_postgres.py --instance master
With a successful database connection established, the scripts primary function,
get_movies(return_count), performs the SELECT query. The function accepts an integer representing the desired number of movies to return from the SELECT query. A separate function within the script handles closing the database connection when the query is finished.
def get_movies(return_count=100): """ Queries for all films, by genre and year """ try: global conn with conn: with conn.cursor() as curs: curs.execute(""" SELECT title AS title, name AS genre, release_year AS released FROM film f JOIN film_category fc ON f.film_id = fc.film_id JOIN category c ON fc.category_id = c.category_id ORDER BY title LIMIT %s; """, (return_count,)) movies = [] row = curs.fetchone() while row is not None: movies.append(row) row = curs.fetchone() return movies except (psycopg2.OperationalError, psycopg2.DatabaseError) as err: print(get_movies.__name__, err) finally: close_conn() def main(): set_connection('docker') for movie in get_movies(10): print('Movie: {0}, Genre: {1}, Released: {2}' .format(movie[0], movie[1], movie[2]))
Below, we see an example of the Python script’s formatted output, limited to only the first ten movies.
Using the Read Replica
For better application performance, it may be optimal to redirect some or all of the database reads to the read replica, while leaving writes, updates, and deletes to hit the master instance. The script can be easily modified to execute the same query against the read replica rather than the master RDS instance by merely passing the desired section, ‘replica’ versus ‘master’, in the call to the
set_connection(section) function. The section parameter refers to one of the two sections in the
database.ini file. The
configparser module will handle retrieving the correct connection information.
set_connection('replica')
Cleaning Up
When you are finished with the demonstration, the easiest way to clean up all the AWS resources and stop getting billed is to delete the two CloudFormation stacks using the AWS CLI, in the following order.
aws cloudformation delete-stack \ --stack-name RDSDemoStack # wait until the above resources are completely deleted aws cloudformation delete-stack \ --stack-name RDSEventDemoStack
You should receive the following SMS notifications as the first CloudFormation stack is being deleted.
You can delete the running Docker stack using the following command. Note, you will lose all your pgAdmin server connection information, along with your local Pagila database.
docker stack rm postgres
Conclusion
In this brief post, we just scraped the surface of the many benefits and capabilities of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The best way to learn PostgreSQL and the benefits of Amazon RDS is by setting up your own RDS instance, insert some sample data, and start writing queries in your favorite database client or programming language.
All opinions expressed in this post are my own and not necessarily the views of my current or past employers or their clients.
Developing Cloud-Native Data-Centric Spring Boot Applications for Pivotal Cloud Foundry
Posted by Gary A. Stafford in AWS, Cloud, Continuous Delivery, DevOps, Java Development, PCF, Software Development on March 23, 2018.Reading on The Dedication of the Lateran Basilica - Year A - Thu, Nov 09, 2017
John 2:13-22
When the time of the Jewish Passover was near Jesus went up to Jerusalem,.'.
Artwork by Elaine Tsui
Reading on 25th Sunday in Ordinary Time - Year C - Sun, Sep 22, 2019
1 Timothy 2:1-8 Saviour: he wants everyone to be saved and reach full knowledge of the truth..
Reading on 4th Sunday of Easter - Year A - Sun, May 07, 2017
Acts of The Apostles 2:14a; 36-41
Then Peter stood up with the Eleven and addressed them in a loud voice: 'For this reason the whole House of Israel can be certain that the Lord and Christ whom God has made is this Jesus whom you crucified.', 'Save yourselves from this perverse generation.' They accepted what he said and were baptised. That very day about three thousand were added to their number.
Artwork by Philip Lee
The Solemnity of Our Lord Jesus Christ the King - Year A - Sun, Nov 26, 2017.
/sen-suhs fee-day-lee-um/
Latin
sense of the faithful
Reading on Pentecost Sunday - Year A - Sun, Jun 04, 2017
1 Corinthians 12:3b-13
And nobody is able to say, 'J.
/ad ma-yor-um day glo-ree-um/
Latin
motto
for the greater glory of God
Romans 12:3-9
And through the grace that I have been given, I say this to every one of you: never pride yourself on being better than you really are, but think of yourself dispassionately, recognising that God has given to each one his measure of faith.. Avoid what is evil; stick to what is good.
Reading on 22nd Sunday in Ordinary Time - Year A - Sun, Sep 03, 2017
Romans 12:1-2.
Christian, remember your dignity, and now that you share in God’s own nature, do not return by sin to your former base condition. Bear in mind who is your head and of whose body you are a member.
~ Pope St Leo the Great ~I am a full-time artist born and raised in rural Saskatchewan, Canada. We are known as the Land of the Living Skies here in Saskatchewan - a common theme in my paintings. I like to explore other subjects as well and aim to convey a particular mood or atmosphere in each piece. I enjoy the techniques of impressionism and tonalism; usually painting alla prima - wet on wet, in one sitting.
I have three children and I am an avid gardener!
My husband is a woodworker and has become my personal framer.
More about frames:
You can request a floating frame on any painting purchase and it will be custom made and mounted before I ship it out. These frames are handcrafted out of solid wood and custom to each individual painting. No stain, mouldings, or paint - the specialty wood is carefully selected to compliment the painting with a clearcoat varnish to preserve the wood's natural color. I only paint on stretched canvas which are ready to hang, so the frames are not necessary, but they are gorgeous!
SOLO EXHIBITIONS
2021 - "Prairiescapes" Kerrobert Courtroom Gallery, Kerrobert SK Canada
2017 - "Florals" Wheatland Regional Library, Eston SK Canada
2016 - "Eston 100" Heritage Museum Gallery, Eston SK Canada
2015 - "Paintings by CES" Heritage Museum Gallery, Eston SK Canada
GROUP EXHIBITIONS
Coming in Spring 2022 - Joint show with Adrienne Mason and Marea Olafson, Dandelion Art Gallery, Saskatoon SK Canada
2020 - "Atmosphere Comes Alive" Joint show with Carol Carter, Dandelion Art Gallery, Saskatoon SK Canada
2016 - "A Haunting at the Hive" curated by Chaotic Attractors, The Hive Art Gallery, New Jersey USA
PUBLICATIONS
2022 - Your West Central Voice, "Eston Artist Showcased at Kerrobert Courtroom Gallery"
2015 - US Ponds and Water Gardens, "A Look at Koi Artists"
2013 - Prairies North Magazine, "The Artist in an Internet Landscape"
COLLECTIONS
Heritage Museum Gallery, Eston SK.
Works held in private collections in Canada, the United States, Australia, Belgium, England, Germany, Norway, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Italy.
Keep up on my newest paintings and gardening adventures on my facebook page: Paintings by CES: CES on Facebook
To join my mailing list, please email me: paintingsbyces@live.caThis wallet-friendly vibrator nonetheless has the features of a pricier possibility — it’s waterproof and has 5 vibration intensities and three vibration patterns. The gentle egg shape of this vibe additionally permits you to experiment with pinpointed and target vibrations. [newline]A simple, fashionable, and most importantly, effective vibrator that is excellent for beginners incorporating sex toys into their solo and companion endeavors. This newbie wand is compact and low cost (under $13!), and it comes in great colours. It’s also battery-powered, which suggests you’ll wish to have a quantity of double As on hand. It’s not essentially the most highly effective wand vibrator on the listing, nevertheless it’ll positively do the job.
„It’ll ship broad stimulation that covers the entire clit and labia,“ explains McDevitt. Lay the CalExotics Pleaser between your legs throughout penetrative play with a partner. Or prop it onto a sex pillow, flip onto your abdomen, and grind on it as you masturbate.
Our merchandise are designed for and impressed by real our bodies, real connection, and pure pleasure. Melt harnesses the unique sensations of Pleasure Air Technology for couples, designed to nestle between companions to heighten your intimate expertise. Chorus is a slim C-Shape toy worn throughout sex for hands-free twin stimulation. Flexible and cozy, Chorus heightens sensation for both partners. Jelly style rabbits are tremendous low-cost to make though, which is why they’re so frequent. But you’ll pay the price sooner or later when it breaks or you really feel burning in your bits. This thing is sort of the little intercourse machine and when all settings are whirring it attracts an orgasm out of me pretty quickly.
It would possibly look like an extra from Robocop however do not be alarmed, this state-of-the-art male masturbator is designed solely with pleasure in mind. Using vibrating silicone rollers it guarantees to recreate a practical blow job experience. Simply insert your member between the massage rollers, use plenty of lube, adjust the settings to your liking and get grinding. This is a premium intercourse toy with a price ticket to match, however the suggestions is first class.
There’s nothing more annoying than a vibrator that doesn’t get you there, well of us you’re in the proper division. The Most Powerful Vibrators are the mains powered types like the Magic Wand Vibrators. Then we have the Rechargeable Luxury Vibes, and the Bullet vibrators pack a major punch as well. Most vibrators nowadays are fairly powerful, however if you’d like an additional powerful one take a look right here. The proper to a fulfilling sex life is common and does not end after we become old. We have requested seniors and international consultants to share their greatest tips.
This is a simple way to find what is either new or what products are in style with our present prospects. Have a glance and we hope a few of these might be to your liking. I’ve rounded up my favourite bunny-shaped vibes in a variety of designs and prices to choose from — all out there online, and all with my stamp of approval. There are rabbit vibrators that might be controlled throughout the nation, beautiful blue toys that seem like jewelry, and kinky black choices that give as a lot pleasure as potential. Ramp up your solo and partner play here with our low cost online sex toys. The tiani is the perfect toy for couples whose intercourse lives have slowed recently, who’re hoping to reignite their spark.
You can even find current deals on web site merchandise like the PinkCherry Right on Rabbit Silicone Dual Motor Vibe and the In Touch Passion Vibrator Trio . “I’m a author, so in fact I tried out a sex toy called The Poet after I had the prospect.
Well don’t be concerned, it isn’t an precise penguin, however certainly one of Satisfyer’s signature magic clitoral machines. Seriously, this intercourse toy will make you come such as you did not know was possible, and this version appears like an adorable penguin. Free intercourse toy delivery on all orders £10 or over; applies mechanically on the checkout. If you do take the leap and buy a mondo sex toy, be sure to hold safety and product care in mind. The motorized ride-on vibrator is actually a mechanical bull for the bedroom that women, males, and even couples can use to spice things up.
If you like a sure pattern, corresponding to quick pulses or a pattern of pauses, you’ll need a vibrator that gives settings, such because the Laya II. If you take pleasure in constant stimulation, you’ll desire a motor that runs consistently, which is fortunately most vibrators.
It’s a fantastic vibrator if you’re on the lookout for one thing easy, discreet, and approachable. Temperatures are falling, and that means cuffing and cuddling season is upon us. This is a good time of 12 months to put cash into indoor activities for somewhat further self-care.
And for starters, it is best to begin with the standard kind. Not for any other reason than just to familiarize your self with how it works and feels. This depends on the actual thrusting vibrator that you’re wellhello going for. They can go wherever from 5 inches to 8 inches, so check for the specific details relating to the depth of a thrusting vibrator before you buy it.
Welcome to Rocks-Off, the UK’s main sex toy manufacturer and designer. Whatever your pleasure is, we’re sure to have the intercourse toy to spice issues up. We manufacture an enormous range of intercourse toys that features bullet vibrators, prostate massagers, g-spot vibrators, gift-boxed pleasure units and rather more.Apple has announced that the Magic Keyboard with trackpad for iPad Pro will be available to order today and begin arriving to customers next week. This is ahead of schedule, with Apple having originally said orders would open in May.
Apple wrote in a press release:
The new Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro is available to order today on apple.com and in the Apple Store app in more than 30 countries and regions, including the US. The Magic Keyboard will begin arriving to customers next week and will be available in select Apple Stores and also through select Apple Authorized Resellers (prices may vary).
The Magic Keyboard is compatible with the 2018 and 2020 iPad Pro models. It features a scissor switch keyboard paired with a trackpad, as well as a built-in USB-C port.
Apple describes the new Magic Keyboard as having a “floating design with smooth angle adjustment.” It attaches magnetically to the iPad Pro and features “unique cantilevered hinges” that allow it to adjust up to 130 degrees. The keyboard is backlit as well.
Orders for the Magic Keyboard are open now on Apple’s website. The 11-inch model goes for $299, while the 12.9-inch model goes for $349. For education shoppers, the pricing is $279 for the 11-inch iPad Pro and $329 for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro.
Orders were originally also open on Amazon, but now Amazon says the Magic Keyboard is unavailable.
Are you ordering Apple’s new Magic Keyboard for iPad Pro? Let us know down in the comments. Don’t forget you can also take advantage of iPadOS 13.4 trackpad support with the Magic Trackpad, Magic Mouse, or Logitech MX Master.
Read more:
- Report claims new iPad Pro’s A12Z Bionic chip is just a ‘renamed A12X’ with additional GPU core
- 2020 iPad Pro first model with microphone hardware disconnect privacy feature
- iPad Pro (2020) top features and impressions – a glimpse into the future [Video]
- 2020 iPad Pro reviews land on iOS 13.4 release day, praising new cursor support in iPadOSNo individual count
Yet another way to ensure a site has users which are real to locate their individual count. Legit online internet dating sites will want to boast about how exactly precisely a lot of people use their internet site. Its method of showing. online dating services which utilize fake pages will most likely conceal these records simply because they may well maybe not, in reality, have actually users which are genuine all.
So one banner this is certainly red this internet site finished up being theyвЂ™dnt i wish to do a seek that is complete feamales in my area. They claimed, and in addition, we experienced to cover to see almost all of the profiles. Why would we spend cash for an internet site they should offer before I am able to also see just what?
Who may have this racket anyhow?
The business enterprise that operates QuickFlirt, since it occurs, can be found in the Virgin isles. Yes, that location where people make bank reports to stop taxation fraudulence. Thats where these are generally based. Their title is Together Networks Holding Limited. It appears a little less romantic than QuickFlirt, doesnt it?
These guys were realized by me personally had been maybe perhaps not out here to assist anybody find relationship when I go through their individual contract. The buyer agreement finished up being the textbook idea of sketchy. It had been filled with responsibility waivers and declarations just how unsafe using their web web site are. This could be one handle the devil youвЂ™re certain to reduce down on.
Your pictures are up for grabs
I noticed another clause while reading the print that is small this review: By publishing information or content including yet not restricted to copyrighted content, title and likeness and photographs to your profile pages or any public an element of the Services, you automatically provide . . . a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide permit to work with, copy blackpeoplemeet lokalizacja, publish, display, reformat, translate and distribute That will be plenty of power you’re going to be signing out from the start.
Thats when we remembered exactly how insistent that that they had been when we logged given that I upload an image. Several of the communications we received also expected for photos. There clearly was a pop-up that reported i will upload a photograph for better success that is dating. Of course they wanted us to upload content, since they could totally ensure that is stays in some database to work well with because of their very own advertising! Im glad We didnt upload any thing that is such.
My summary: Quick Flirt is wholly a waste of the time
I hope this QuickFlirt review indicates you their scheming methods. Internet dating could be an effective way to|way that is great meet people, nevertheless you do you want to be sure the folks maybe you are satisfying are now genuine. Regrettably, QuickFlirt isnt likely to provide you with a hand for the reason that division. Nobody on the internet site will likely steal your heart away, nevertheless they well typically takes your money with your photos that are personal you permit them to! Dont take action. Remain far using this one.
Usually Asked questions QuickFlirt that is regarding)
These are the issues we now have gotten the absolute many pertaining to QuickFlirt:
WhatвЂ™s Quickflirt supposed to be about?
Quick Flirt occurs to be an application this is certainly dating can rival the best around. In reality, it appears to be pretty decent it is in reality a waste that is complete of. There is certainly a number that is large of things which are dubious happen on this internet site when you join you cant ignore. You will need to entirely avoid this webpage and rather, try out out one among our favorites from our summary of the most extremely hookup that is readily useful and internet sites.
Could be the QuickFlirt computer software worth making use of?
We could highly say that the QuickFlirt software program is most certainly not well worth use that is making of. No matter you ought to be spending some time if you are using the software or perhaps the web form of your website that isnt where.
Is fast Flirt a or legit?
Above we believe that they have been a waste of the time while you noticed from our complete summary of QuickFlirt. We possibly may want to state that theyвЂ™re legit however you will find a serious few flags which can be red. This is certainly among the list of web sites that are worst we currently have seen.
Just just How do you want to log into QuickFlirt?
We do not recommend you log into QuickFlirt but in the event that you favorably in case you can head to quickflirt and have the top right Login part. You are
going to have to sign up for a profile that is free enter.
What exactly are some better options to Quickflirt?
Almost any site is a far greater replacement for QuickFlirt but you can find many that be noticeable through the viewers. Every year we assembled an entire report in the absolute best apps for setting up that you should take a look at if you want a legit app or site.
Is fast Flirt a dating web page?
Within our experience, Quickflirt just is not a website this is certainly dating. It seems to focus more about helping people find hookups but in reality, it will not deliver any such thing. ItвЂ™s a waste that is big of.
Just exactly How will you employ Quick Flirt at no cost?
Every person can sign up to a membership that is free Quickflirt but just what can be carried out with this account is fixed. It is possible to start to see the pages and search at a picture that is solitary each known user but all interaction is fixed.
You will need to buy a membership if you prefer complete utilization of the website. Only at that stage, there wasnt in whatever option to have admission that is full QuickFlirt totally free.
Just exactly How do you want to join a membership that is free Quickflirt?
Registering for a totally free quick flirt membership is quite easy. You only have to continue because of the actions that are following
How could you cancel your QuickFlirt account and delete my account?
We wholeheartedly encourage you to definitely cancel your membership to quickflirt and you will undoubtedly do so by after these actions:I feel like we rang in the New Year yesterday. Every time I even think about catching up on something, I find another week’s gone by. I guess that’s the way it goes when you’re constantly on the move, and why I put such high value on my time.
Am I getting things done? Yes. Am I getting the things you guys care about done? The writing and the short stories and the books?
Sadly, no.
But I’m working on it. I miss it. Dearly. What little time I have left between two jobs and family is shrinking all the time, but I’ve been talking to a few friends about overhauling my schedule to make things happen again.
So let’s talk about what’s still out there:
The Pack books 1 and 2, Winter Kill and Lie with the Dead, will continue to be available for a while. My publisher, Evileye Books, has been forced to shift focus and goals, leaving The Pack and a few other series without a home.
People ask, then, “What about Book 3?” Good question. The book will be called All They Fear, but it’s going to sit in limbo for a while. I need to try to get a few other things off the ground before I can worry about keeping the series alive.
The same goes for the first The Pack short, “Bravo Four.” Grab it while you can! Another short, “Silver Bullets,” has been written but is also in limbo.
Meanwhile, Evileye has released The Burning Maiden Volume 2, the second book in their anthology series. This one includes my short story, “One Night on the Road to Charleston,” as well as a number of your favorite horror writers like Ramsey Campbell, Cullen Bunn, Laird Barron, Paul Tremblay, and John Urbancik. Editor Greg Kishbaugh has put together another great lineup.
You can still grab the first volume on Amazon, which includes my short piece “A Family Tree, Uprooted.” As of today, this one’s only five bucks on Kindle.
Meanwhile, I’ve gotten a lot of good feedback for my comic short “All Things Through Me” in the horror anthology In the Dark. Some readers connected with Tristan Yates, so there’s a good chance I’ll be telling more of his stories soon, though probably in prose form. If that’s something you’d like to read, please let me know..Weight-Loss Surgery Results in Positive Changes in Social Life, Medical ConditionsThursday, September 20, 2012
New research shows that people who have bariatric surgery to treat obesity report an overall improvement in quality of life issues after surgery, from their relationships to their medical conditions. Arizona State University researchers recently presented.
Source: American Sociological Association Press ReleaseTAMPA, Fla. — Japanese internet giant SoftBank has agreed an alliance with OneWeb to expand its low Earth orbit (LEO) broadband services in Japan and worldwide.
The collaboration with SoftBank, which has invested in OneWeb, is an important step toward getting regulatory approvals and setting up ground stations in Japan for the startup’s growing constellation.
SoftBank owns stakes in technology, energy and financial companies worldwide, and also operates a telecoms business in Japan where it serves more than 45 million mobile consumer and enterprise subscribers.
OneWeb said their alliance will promote their combined communications services, including platforms SoftBank is building to digitize company operations.
SoftBank recorded net income equivalent to nearly $46 billion for its fiscal year ending March 31, a record for a Japanese listed company.
Successful bets in the company’s $100 billion Vision Fund and its successor boosted these figures, including gains from South Korean e-commerce company Coupang and food-delivery service DoorDash when they listed on public markets.
The results will grow investor confidence in SoftBank founder Masa Son, who often speaks about investing in a future when ubiquitous connectivity meets “singularity,” when machines can outthink humans.
Son blamed COVID-19 after SoftBank reported its first annual loss in 15 years in 2020, an operating loss of 1.36 trillion yen ($12.7 billion).
The Japanese company was an early investor in OneWeb. At one point it tried to engineer a merger between the startup and established satellite fleet operator Intelsat, which operates spacecraft in geostationary orbit (GEO).
Holders of Intelsat’s debt shot down that deal in 2017.
Struggling under nearly $15 billion of debt as the COVID-19 pandemic worsened, Intelsat entered bankruptcy protection in May 2020 in a process it is still working through a year later.
COVID-19 also pushed OneWeb into bankruptcy in March 2020.
After the British government and Indian telecom company Bharti Global rescued OneWeb from Chapter 11 in November, SoftBank returned with a $350 million capital infusion. Hughes Network Systems, which is developing parts of OneWeb’s ground segment, invested $50 million.
On April 27, French satellite operator Eutelsat paid $550 million to buy 24% of OneWeb.
OneWeb expects to raise the rest of the money it needs to complete its constellation, estimated to be around $500 million, later in 2021.
It has already launched more than a third of its 648 LEO satellite fleet, ahead of its goal to launch partial services before the end of this year, and globally in 2022.
As part of plans to create a new government subsidiary for selling its services, OneWeb said May 10 it will buy Texas-based managed satcoms provider TrustComm for an undisclosed sum.
The acquisition comes after OneWeb, which expects the Department of Defense will be its largest customer, secured a demo contract with the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) for strategic Arctic locations. Hughes is the prime contractor for that contract.Burns High School has open house to start off the school year
August 26, 2021
Karen Lipska/Pine Bluffs Post
Above: New students - Hailey Northington and Sarah Northington sign up to receive their laptops from Burns High School.
August 19th at Burns Schools was buzzing with excitement for the new school year.
Burns Elementary School was set up in the lobby with different tables to help the students and parents. Of course, the check in table with the school secretary was there to meet you first. Making sure parents received all of the required paperwork. The afterschool program and the ALEX program were two tables for the parents to sign up their children. The students and parents then wandered down to the assigned room and teacher was talking one on one with the students and parents. The teacher explained where th...
For access to this article please sign in or subscribe.
Reader Comments(0)The Savage Detectives
by Roberto Bolaño
REVIEW OF ROBERTO BOLAÑO'S
THE SAVAGE DETECTIVES
by Ted Gioia
..
Here is the clever conceit of the novel: although
The Savage
Detectives
is apparently about poetry – the school of
“visceral realists” led by Belano and Lima – not a single line
of verse appears in its pages. The novel’s opening paragraph starts the ruse with a
diary entry by an aspiring teenage writer. “I’ve been cordially invited to join the
visceral realists. I accepted, of course. There was no initiation ceremony. It was better
that way.” And though, in the ensuing pages, the visceral realists bicker and banter,
disrupt writing workshops, scrounge for money, drink and hop from bed to bed, the
poetry itself never figures in the story. It is much like what screenplay writers call a
“MacGuffin” in a suspense film, a pretext for action and adventure that serves as
motivation without ever being explained or validated
Through much of the novel, Belano and Lima travel in search of a missing poet,
Cesàrea Tinajero, from the 1920s, who was involved in an earlier movement also called
visceral realism. The fact that the “detectives” have never seen a single line of Tinajero’
s work merely adds to the bizarre quality of Bolaño’s novel, where poetry is a posture
rather than a literary endeavor. When they finally uncover an example of her poetry,
from a forgotten literary magazine, the protagonists are surprised – but not the
reader, by this point — to see that it uses no words, just a few childish drawings.
The Savage Detectives
is a rich, rambling book that ends up almost exactly where it
begins. Even the chronology is circular – the narrative starts in the 1970s, advances to
the late 1990s, then returns to the 1970s. But again the analogy with Ulysses is an
apt one. The wandering here is more exciting than any final destination. And Bolaño,
like an experienced travel guide, knows how to keep his audience captivated by even
the wildest detours.
This review originally appeared in
Blogcritics
.
ROBERTO BOLAÑO
Related links
on
Great
Books Guide
One dozen
recommended
works of
Hispanic fiction
Review of
The
Brief, Wondrous
Life of Oscar
Wao
by Junot
DiazRacial justice is a 'process, not an event', says CSA in response to BLM criticism | ESPNcricinfo.com - ESPNcricinfo, - Ethnicity definition is - ethnic quality or affiliation. An imperfection; a flaw. Urdu proverbs with their meaning in Urdu. They usually go away on their own but may take months or even years. One that resembles or is likened to a wart, especially in unattractiveness or smallness. Cure Warts at Home Fast 2019 Wartrol Flexigel Strands Meaning In Urdu Best No 1 Best Wart Freezing Treatment. Find Free Themes and plugins. warts– the most common strain and these warts occur all over the body except the feet and genitals. Hpv word meaning in urdu 85% of Quranic Words - Urdu - Understand Al-Quran - the Easy Way parazitii londra 2020 Hpv virus and fibromyalgia viermi la copii ce medicamente, virus del papiloma noticia medicamente pentru helminți umani. Learn more. Fig warts: Dry, pediculated, cauliflower-like warts after abuse of mercury. 2. English To Urdu Dictionary The aim of this dictionary is to make english easy both for experts and beginners. Freeware Main English Verbs With Gujarati Meaning. English-Sinhala-English Multilingual Dictionary. Wart Mole Vanish takes one fast as well as application that is very easy. kalonji meaning in urdu. Dioscorides: Dioscorides of Anazarbus. Warts are skin growths that are caused by the human papillomavirus ().There are more than 60 kinds of HPV, some of which tend to cause warts on the skin. 3. a. A hard rough lump growing on the skin, caused by infection with certain viruses and occurring typically on the hands or feet. Out of 6,028,151 records in the U.S. Social Security Administration public data, the first name Warts was not present. Meaning and Translation of Gall in Urdu Script and Roman Urdu with Definition, Wikipedia Reference, Synonyms, Antonyms, ... Plant galls are abnormal outgrowths of plant tissues, similar to benign tumors or warts in animals. Warty & thousands of English and Urdu words Synonyms, definition and meaning. b. It grows up to 30 Cm. Weird things about the name Warts: The name spelled backwards is Straw. What Is Immune System In Urdu Immune System For The Internet What Is A Recent Biotechnology Technique Originating From A Bacterial Immune System, 7 Any Substance That Stimulates The Immune System To Produce Antibodies Is A N Proliferation Meaning Immune System Eleftherianos Guardians Of The Immune System. Urdu Words With Meaning. b. Produce vegetation. There is frequent urging to urinate; with scanty or profuse discharge of watery … Urdu proverbs with their meaning. Pakistan is also no exception in this regard. AboutKidsHealth is proud to partner with the following sponsors as they support our mission to improve the health and wellbeing of children in Canada and around the world by making accessible health care information available via the internet. Urdu Words With Meaning Urdu Love Words Hindi Words Arabic Words English Vocabulary Words English Words Pretty Words Beautiful Words Word Pictures The Ethnicity meaning in Urdu will surely enhance your vocabulary. roughened definition: 1. past simple and past participle of roughen 2. to (cause something to) become less smooth. Dandelion is a flowering plant. Translate From English into Sinhala. Important Characteristic Features. A similar growth or protuberance, as on a plant. Genital Wart Relief Bachon ki height badhane ki tips in urdu ... For increasing the height and strong body... pregnancy ki hifazat ki dua, wazifa for baby in urdu, ya majeedo meaning, bachon ki … … This is a widespread skin problem affecting young and adults of both sexes but more common in adults. The Homeopathic medicine , Taraxacum is best used to treat : Cold finger tips Mapped tongue Profuse night sweats after Typhoid fever. They are tall cylindrical protrusions of skin which if big enough are noticeable. In some instances, joint replacement (arthroplasty) of the hip or knee may be recommended to treat ... meaning of toe in urdu There are more than 100 different types of arthritis and they all cause pain and discomfort. Body ones are actually the common clinical symptoms of the HPV infection. Fun Facts about the name Warts. Cork warts - English - Sinhala Online Dictionary. A genital wart. Search for an AdventHealth physician by name, location or services offered. It is possible the name you are searching has less than five occurrences per year. MSM is an organic sulfur found in fruits, vegetables, grains, and milk as well as the urine of animals. Meaning of Hogwarts. rheumatism meaning in urdu + rheumatism meaning in urdu 13 Nov 2020 In some cases, medical intervention is needed to treat arthritic pain in the toes. Extremely rarely, a baby born to a mother with genital warts develops warts in the throat. Category - Proverbs. They can appear on palms, knuckles, knees and fingers Racial Meaning in Urdu. Warts on the skin are skin overgrowth caused by various types of human papillomavirus (HPV). This Dictionary includes almost all the existing english vocabulary. English Proverbs with Hindi and Urdu translation for everyday use. Find English word Warty meaning in Urdu at UrduWire online English to Urdu dictionary. Wartrol Genital Warts Relief Bachon ki height badhane ki tips in urdu - Wartrol Genital Wart Relief Wartrol. wart (wôrt) n. 1. a. google Definition of google in English by Oxford. is a free service Sinhala Meaning of Cork warts from English.Special Thanks to all Sinhala Dictionarys including Malalasekara, Kapruka, MaduraOnline, Trilingualdictionary. The Alterative action of Dandelion is most suited to the Lower Gastrointestinal Tract. Wart definition, a small, often hard, abnormal elevation on the skin, usually caused by a papomavirus. warts-and-all in Hindi ::
Pan-asia International School, Grin Meaning In Urdu, Walk Verb Sentence Examples, How To Get Into Children's Publishing, Best Medical Transcriptionist Training Online, Hiking Trails Near Gravenhurst,
Deixar comentário.You spend countless hours developing a unique product, refining it, tweaking the pattern, sourcing the perfect materials, taking beautiful product shots, writing winning marketing copy for the listings, and cultivating a community around your work. And then, one afternoon you’re sifting through Pinterest and there’s your image of your beautiful handmade product, the basis of your business, repinned on someone’s “DIY” or “Must Make” board with the comment, “I totally going to make this for my son!”
What is your reaction? How does seeing this pin, reading the name of the board, and the comment make you feel? Are you disappointed that they didn’t want to buy the original from your?
Are you angry that this person is explicitly stating that they intend to copy you?
Are you worried that they’ll turn around and start a business that will compete with yours, maybe with prices lower than yours?
I think it’s natural to be flooded with these feelings upon seeing something like this and it’s not exclusive to the environment of Pinterest. I’ve sat behind my table at a craft fair and had a mother pick up one of my pieces and turn to her daughter and say, “We should make something like this!” only to return the piece to the table and walk away.
These feelings of rage, of anxiety, of fear, doubt and disappointment can well up in you in those moments. But I’d like to put forth a new way of framing these experiences after the intensity of feeling dies down.
Create a relationship with this person who is making you feel threatened. Talk to them, reach out to them, comment on their pinboard, visit their blog, chat with them on Twitter.
Why?
Because you will become human to them. When you reach out you let that person in. You become known to each other. People are less likely to overtly copy someone that they feel they know. And, the other side of the coin is that they’ll know you’re out there, that you see them.
But more than just becoming human to them, become helpful. This person loves what you’re doing. They are inspired. They may never get around to making a copy and may not have the skills to. Could you help them to develop their skills? Could you encourage them in their own creative work?
When I first began posting my work online there were two artists whom I admired so greatly it hurt. I followed their blogs religiously, examined every Flickr photo they posted, loved their work deeply, perhaps too deeply. I tried to emulate their styles in my own work, perhaps at times going too far and crossing the line into mimicry.
One of those artists sent me a very angry email, an email that made me embarrassed and ashamed and put me in tears. She was angry and I was angry. I’ve never bought her work. Everything she does leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, even eight years later.
The other artist offered to help me. I asked for some advice and she was so generous. She looked at my work and told me where she thought my strengths were. She gave me advice that led me down the path to writing my first book. Her own career has been incredibly successful and I’ve bought
multiple works of hers. Every success she experiences gives me joy as if it were my own success.
So most crucially here, could you turn this threatening potential copycat into a loyal customer? I would say yes. Not a definite yes, but a pretty probable yes. Maybe not tomorrow, but eventually.
I’m not advocating allowing people to explicitly copy your work and offer it for sale. Certainly you should protect your intellectual property and enforce its value to those who might not understand it. But don’t allow the emotion of the moment to destroy a potentially positive, and possibly lucrative, relationship. Set fear and anger aside and forge a bond with your copycat. In all likelihood you’ll be able to resolve the situation positively and bring an admirer closer to you and that’s a very good thing.
Loved this post and shared it with blogging friends. Thank you!
For years students have copied the Masters in the museums. That is how some learn. That was a motivation for the building of the Museum of Fine Arts Boston. I always feel anything I do is a gift and I am happy to be copied. I would be flattered. However, I was always so embarrassed when we would visit artists’ studios and my mother insensitively would say, “You can do this.” I know she was trying to encourage rather than embarrass me and insult the artist; and I hope the artists were not threatened by a grade school admirer’s getting some praise. None of us start from scratch or are extremely novel in what we do and it is better to give than to receive. Always good to be polite as well. But here is to hard work and all moves into more originality!
Abby!
Thanks for sharing!
It’s great that you are so honest about the topic. This recently happened to me, where someone that I respected and admired accused me of of copying their design. It was not the case, and I guess I just ended up being disappointed by their reaction/action towards me. Plush Artistry is such a small community and we need to support each other. And, as is evident of your experience, the support is greatly appreciated and valued.
I will check out your new book and congrats!
Abby,my two cents.It works both ways.There are lots of successful designers who copy the work of lesser known artists.The successful designer would already have a large audience while a new designer would still be building up her shop traffic.Should a question of copying be raised,guess who has more credibility?
Oh,forgot to add.Regarding the “I can make it too” crowd,am not sure which is worse.The “I can make it too” crowd or “give it to me for free cos you are anyway making it” crowd.And kudos to you for calling a spade a spade as always
Thank you Abby, for posting this! I face this occasionally in my Etsy shop. On the one hand it annoys me but yet on the other hand they say imitation is the most sincere form of flattery so in a way I feel honored that someone admires my work enough to copy it. In the very beginning of this adventure I too imitated too closely and got an initially kind then a threatening reprimand from the other artist. I didn’t understand her anger & frustration at the time. I do now. Imitation is how some of us learn and I’d like to believe that it’s never the intention to “steal” another persons work. So when this happens to me, instead of getting angry, I just try to remind myself that I must be doing something right!
I’m glad you have this attitude. I had a friend a few years ago who painted her walls similarly to mine and apologized because she knew I didn’t like people copying my style. She lives in another state, so it really doesn’t matter, but I realized that 1. I didn’t love those colors anymore because I was moving on and 2. I was more happy that she was being stretched outside her box than that she was copying me to do it.
I think it’s great to have more people making in general. Even if that person doesn’t end up buying from you, you can at least tell them to send their friends your way if they want something similar.
I agree with this. If I’m inspired by things I see in museums why can’t I be inspired by something I see at a craft fair or artisan market? I’ve improvised stuff and I don’t pretend to myself or anyone else that it was my idea or that it’s as good as professional work. I just have fun with it and it’s a hobby– I don’t sell anything. I’ve browsed these places with my kids loads of times and we do have conversations about the pieces, and sometimes it’s “wow, that’s really cool” and other times it’s “I don’t like it.” I can see that’s uncomfortable for the artist to hear if s/he sitting right there, but we chat about the things we’re looking at.
Great way to look at it! I think it’s hard not to be inspired by other creative people and I hope that I can return the favor in some small way by inspiring others. Creativity breeds creativity. =)
My only issues have been people using my portfolio photos and claiming them as their own products – I’m always afraid that if someone orders from someone using my pictures, the item’s lower quality will be a bad reflection on me if someone searches for the source of the photo. (I had to start watermarking everything I post just in case.)
Well said. Thank you.
Thank you for this. I love that you address the emotional issues you face in your work. One day (not tooooo far in the future I hope) I’d love to have my own creative business, and the fears and anxieties about putting your work out there are my biggest obstacle! So thanks for opening up about them and suggesting ways to deal with them.
I think you have a great approach here. Responding with negativity is only going to create more negativity.
Also, you made me guiltily go and check my pinterest boards to see if I had done this!
I just happened on to this post by accident but I loved it so much and found it so refreshing and honest that I had to comment. The way you reframed this issue is brilliant and well said. I think most artists have people they admire and want to emulate at least in some way – that is the way humans work.
After being on the receiving end while sat behind my stall at craft fairs, I try and be a bit more tactful if I say ‘I could do that’ and make sure it’s not in earshot! I think the thing to keep in mind is that you can’t supply the whole world with what you make and as long as someone isn’t going into mass production copying your idea, a little inspiration to others is not a bad thing. I draw the line at outright copying though!
So saying, have just finished the moorhen I had to design and must again thank you and your book for all the helpful tips and ideas regarding patterns for stuffed birds. I wouldn’t have been able to achieve it half as well without them.
Fantastic! Thank you for always challenging me to see the world of craft business as one of abundance and not of scarcity! It’s so easy to get wrapped up in worry and jealousy when you are trying to be original. This advice is such a relief for those “Pinterest moments”! 🙂 Openness and kindness are definitely the best policies, while still standing up for what you do. Love it!
I like this post. I struggle with this myself, not wanting my products put on Pinterest for this very reason after three years of hard work creating a unique item. To me, it’s easier to ask that my work not be put on Pinterest than find myself worrying about copycat creators. I have reached out to people who say they can make my products, and your right, creating that relationship is more important than being angry, but it can be hard to get to that point. Thanks for this post!
Thank you for this. The thing that has made me angriest is when I have seen people either pin my animal or post it in a forum and say that they think the price is crazy and that they can make it in a quick evening. I know how long it takes to make the item or maybe at least to make it well and it isn’t that fast. I understand that people will be inspired/influenced by beautiful things they see. I just hate it when they belittle the hardwork I have done. I know that if they attempted to copy my item in the time they say they will that there is no way it would be anywhere near the quality of mine. I have been tempted in the past to say something but held my tongue because I didn’t want me or my brand coming off angry. I always have the hope that someone else will see what they posted and be excited about it enough to come to my shop and buy it…and seeing my corrections on there won’t help that.
What bothers me the most when I am selling my wares at a craft show is when someone is talking to their friend about how she could make one of my plushies, and they are TOTALLY ignoring me, and then walk away without a word (to me) . It bothers me because I enjoy interacting with other crafters. I love to talk sewing and exchange ideas. I am immensely flattered when someone is inspired by my work. When a person is respectful and curious, I don’t mind sharing with them how I make something. I think everyone should make stuff, and if I can facilitate that, great. I’m not worried about being copied or ripped off; I know how much time it takes to make these things, and I also have faith in my own skills and design sense; someone may try to copy my work, but no one will make it just the way I do! And I think that if someone actually tries to make a copy, they will understand how much time and skill goes into making these things. It’s also been interesting reading folks’s comments here about Pinterest. I’ve been having fun with Pinterest, but do wonder sometimes if I’m inadvertently offending someone by pinning their work.
Thank you for writing this. I post things to my ‘make this’ board all the time. I keep my ‘make this’ board distinct from my ‘diy’ or ‘tutorials’ board as this is where I put things that I can’t afford but do want to emulate (not copy!). I am thinking of changing the name of my board now, I had not realised that it could be hurting people’s feelings and that is definitely not my intent. I like to pin them as inspiration for myself and to pass them along so hopefully they get more exposure, especially to people who can afford them.
Interesting post, shows once more your generosity.
My daughter and I make sea urchin jewelry. We were first on Etsy, but many have followed, offering similar items for a lower price.
But you know what? They don’t sell.
The time and effort that you put in the development of an item always shows and because it is your idea, you can constantly come with new designs.
So we ignore copycats, they are just…copycats 🙂
Thank you, Susan!
Being polite is very important. I think people sometimes just don’t realize that the person behind that table made everything you see! I’ve made the same mistake myself.
Thank you, Jenny. You are so right that we are a small community and there’s room here for everyone to succeed.
That’s an interesting flip side, Anupama.
A very good attitude, Shirley.
you post on such great thought provoking topics, I appreciate you sharing from your personal experience 🙂
Very helpful thank you
Exactly. Word of mouth is a very strong form of marketing.
You’re so right, Brooke. There is no justifying stealing someone else’s images and calling them your own.
Be bold, Tanith! All kinds of crazy stuff happens along the way, but you can recover! I say jump in!
Thank you very much, Natalie.
I saw your moorhen, Caroline, and I love his long yellow legs! I’m thrilled that you are enjoying making birds.
You put it very well, Rachel.
You’re welcome, Cody. I think taking yourself out of the Pinterest game entirely is totally fine, too. There’s no reason you have to be everywhere.
Yes, I think replying to these belittling comments isn’t a good idea. Your work isn’t for everyone and it’s impossible to make everyone understand what goes into it.
I think in those moments it might make sense to raise your voice and ask a question, or give some praise. Like, “Oh, you sew, too?” or “Oh wow, you make plush?”. Sometimes people talk to their friends in front of you because they are actually too shy to talk to you directly. If you begin the conversation it can go in a positive direction.
I’ve noticed some makers feeling sad or angry when they see their work pinned to DIY boards. I’m not sure you need to change the names, though. I think the sentiment is just fine.
I love your attitude, Esther.
Thanks Abby!
Thanks Abby!! I look forward to your blog posts and I love how you always so generously share your knowledge. xx
This is a bit off topic, but I’m irked by the “Must Make!” or “DIY” pins on Pinterest for a different reason. I think in many cases people re-pin stuff without clicking all the way through to the source, so when I see those pins, I think they will lead to a tutorial or pattern, not a product for sale. So while the original pinner might be implying “I know this is for sale but I can make it cheaper!”, others probably are just blindly repeating it.
That's a good point, Holly. Those pinboards can lead you to think they are all tutorials, when in fact they may not be at all.
I’ve read this post probably three times. And I can’t get it out of my head. I’m a great admirer of your work, and have made your free Octopus tutorial. If I’ve pinned your work, or another person’s work on a DIY-named Pinterest board, be it for knitting, sewing, or any type of craft project. It’s not to copy it so I don’t have to pay for it myself. There is something that inspires me–a color pattern, a technique or something I can’t even describe. I’d hate for you or other craftsmen-women to think I’d blatantly copy what you are doing (outside of a tutorial). Most people who can actually do what you do, probably aren’t going to make a replica. Most.
If people aren’t using Pinterest for inspiration, as a pin board traditionally is in creative industries, they aren’t likely to be actually producing something either. Just making a social media profile full of “things and stuff” they want. As a previous commenter pointed out, it can be very misleading whether an actual pin is a tutorial, an item for purchase or pattern to purchase after hundreds of people have pinned it.
Anyway, love your blog and how you talk about both projects and the struggles of a small business owner. Thanks for the Octopus tutorial. It was the first thing I made for my daughter when she was 3-months-old and started napping in her crib last year.
Hi Nicole,
I agree with you about why I would pin someone's photo to a DIY board. I'm a visual person who clipped magazine images for year (and still does) in order to remember a particular visual element (a line of stitching, a color combination, an ear shape, etc.). Not to copy, but to incorporate an idea into my own design. I think many, many pinners are in the same boat as us. And others are, as you very rightly say, just creating a "things and stuff" page with no intention to actually make anything. Still, I've noticed quite a few makers feel troubled by seeing their work pinned in this way. That was the impetus for this post. Thank you for sharing your thoughts here.
Abby
Great idea! I’ll give it a try next time.
I really needed this today, so thank you! (your two artists experiences was what I needed) Your words are so inspiring and helpful to a newcomer in the pattern making business!
Thank you for your blog post today that pointed me to this old post. It helped me to realize that this is a common issue. I have seen my dolls in many Pinterest DIY boards and I don’t feel angry but it often makes me feel worried. This helped me to flip the worry into growing my base of supporters. Thank you!
Oh, that’s awesome. And I totally think that’s the way to think about it.TABLE OF CONTENTS
0. Introduction
1. How to use vgagl
2. Description of vgagl functions
3. Macros defined in vgagl.h
0. INTRODUCTION.
1. HOW TO USE VGAGLPrograms that use vgagl must #include <vgagl.h>. Linking must be done with -lvgagl -lvga.
Functions in the vgagl library have the prefix gl_*. To initialize vgagl, the graphics context must be set. Example:
- vga_setmode(G320x200x256);
gl_setcontextvga(G320x200x256);
In this example, the context is set to the physical screen. The context can be saved (only the screen type, not the contents) into a variable, e.g.
- GraphicsContext physicalscreen;
gl_getcontext(&physicalscreen).
To define a virtual screen in system memory, use gl_setcontextvgavirtual(3):
- gl_setcontextvgavirtual(G320x200x256)
which allocates space for a screen identical to 320x200x256 graphics mode, and makes this virtual screen the current graphics context.
The virtual screen can now be copied to the physical screen as follows:
- gl_copyscreen(&physicalscreen);
Note that with a virtual screen in system memory, it is possible to add fast X-Window support to a program, using MITSHM to copy the framebuffer to the screen window.
2. DESCRIPTION OF VGAGL FUNCTIONS
Context management
- gl_getcontext(3), currentcontext(3)
- get the current graphics contents..
- gl_setcontext(3)
- set a previously saved context.
- gl_setcontextvga(3)
- set the context to the physical screen.
- gl_setcontextvgavirtual(3)
- set the context to a virtual mode.
- gl_setcontextvirtual(3)
- define a virtual context.
- gl_allocatecontext(3)
- allocate a graphics context.
- gl_freecontext(3)
- free a virtual screen.
- gl_setcontextwidth(3), gl_setcontextheight(3)
- set the dimension of a context.
Drawing primitives
- gl_clearscreen(3)
- clear the screen.
- gl_rgbcolor(3)
- return pixel value corresponding to an rgb color.
- gl_setpixel(3), gl_setpixelrgb(3)
- draw a pixel.
- gl_getpixel(3)
- return the color of a pixel.
- gl_getpixelrgb(3)
- store color components of a pixel.
- gl_hline(3)
- draw a horizontal line.
- gl_line(3)
- draw a line.
- gl_circle(3)
- draw a circle.
- gl_fillbox(3)
- fill a rectangular area.
Copying of screen buffers and page flipping
- gl_copyscreen(3)
- copy the screen contents of contexts.
- gl_setscreenoffset(3)
- set a memory offset for copyscreen.
- gl_setdisplaystart(3)
- set the start of the screen are displayed.
- gl_enablepageflipping(3)
- enables automatic page flipping.
Clipping
- gl_disableclipping(3)
- disables clipping.
- gl_enableclipping(3)
- enables clipping.
- gl_setclippingwindow(3)
- set the clipping window.
Text drawing primitives
- gl_setfont(3)
- set the text font to be used.
- gl_setfontcolors(3)
- set the font colors.
- gl_expandfont(3)
- expand a packed pixel font.
- gl_colorfont(3)
- change the color of a font.
- gl_setwritemode(3)
- set the font writemode flags.
- gl_write(3), gl_writen(3)
- write a text string.
- gl_printf(3)
- formatted output to the graphics screen.
- gl_font8x8(3)
- a packed 8x8 pixel font.
Pix- and Bitmap drawing
- gl_getbox(3)
- copy a rectangular pixmap from the screen to a buffer.
- gl_copybox(3)
- copy a rectangular screen area.
- gl_copyboxfromcontext(3)
- copy rectangular area from another context.
- gl_copyboxtocontext(3)
- copy a rectangular area to another context.
- gl_putbox(3)
- copy a pixmap to a rectangular area.
- gl_putboxpart(3)
- copy a partial pixmap to a rectangular area.
- gl_putboxmask(3)
- copy a masked pixmap to a rectangular area.
- gl_putboxmaskcompiled(3)
- copy a compiled masked pixmap to a rectangular area.
- gl_compileboxmask(3)
- compress a masked bitmap.
- gl_compiledboxmasksize(3)
- compute the size of a compiled masked box.
- gl_scalebox(3)
- scale a pixmap.
Palette handling
- gl_getpalettecolor(3), gl_getpalettecolors(3), gl_getpalette(3)
- read the color palette.
- gl_setpalettecolor(3), gl_setpalettecolors(3), gl_setpalette(3)
- set the color palette.
- gl_setrgbpalette(3)
- set a 256-color RGB palette.
Triangle primitives from threeDkit
- gl_striangle(3)
- draw a solid colored triangle.
- gl_triangle(3)
- draw a triangle with interpolated colors.
- gl_swtriangle(3)
- draw a solid pixmap mapped on a triangle.
- gl_wtriangle(3)
- draw a shadowed pixmap mapped on a triangle.
- gl_trisetcolorlookup(3), gl_trigetcolorlookup(3)
- manages a color lookup table for shadowing.
- gl_trisetdrawpoint(3)
- set a triangle drawing function.
3. MACROS DEFINED IN VGAGL.H:
- WIDTH
- The width in pixels of the current graphics context.
- HEIGHT
- Height in pixels.
- BYTESPERPIXEL
- Number of bytes per pixel (1, 2, 3 or 4).
- BYTEWIDTH
- Width of a scanline in bytes.
- COLORS
- Number of colors.
- BITSPERPIXEL
- Number of significant color bits.
- VBUF
- Address of the framebuffer.
- __clip
- Clipping flag.
- __clipx1
-
- __clipy1
- Top-left corner of clipping window.
- __clipx2
-
- __clipy2
- Bottom-right corner of clipping window.
BUGSFor three bytes per pixel (true color) modes, it is possible that pixels cross a SVGA segment boundary. This should be correctly handled by most functions, but you never know. It can be avoided by using a logical
scanline length that is a divisor of 65536 (a power of 2), like 1024 (as opposed to 960) for 320x200 and 2048 (1920) for 640x480. For 800x600, this is impractical (4096 as opposed to 2400 doesn't fit in 2MB). Alternatively, avoid those functions by using a virtual screen.
AUTHORThere are many authors of svgalib. This page was edited by Michael Weller <[email protected]>. The original documentation and most of vgagl was done by Harm Hanemaayer <[email protected]> though.EXTERNAL PRIVACY STATEMENT
- Introduction
- For purposes of this Statement:
- “Applicable Laws” means all laws, regulations that Pepkor is required to comply with;
- “Client” or “you” means any prospective, new or existing client of Pepkor and its subsidiaries; and
- “Pepkor” or “we” or “us” means Pepkor Holdings Limited, its direct and indirect subsidiaries and business units (the Pepkor group of companies). To obtain more information on the Pepkor group of companies please refer to.
- This Statement sets out how your personal information will be used by Pepkor and applies to any information, including personal and special personal information, you give to Pepkor or which Pepkor may collect from third parties.
- It is important that you read this Statement carefully before submitting any personal information to Pepkor.
- By submitting any personal information to Pepkor you provide consent to the processing of your personal information as set out in this Statement.
- The provisions of this Statement are subject to mandatory, unalterable provisions of Applicable Laws;
- Please do not submit any personal information to Pepkor if you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Statement. If you do not consent to the provisions of this Statement, or parts of the Statement, Pepkor may not be able to provide its products and services to you.
- How to contact us
If you have any comments or questions about this Statement please contact the Information Officer at popia-io@pepkor.co.za.
- Pepkor, in its sole discretion, may deem reasonable or necessary.
- Pepkor will take reasonable steps to notify you of such an amendment, including publication on our website. It is your responsibility to check the website often.
- Privacy and indemnity
- Pepkor).
- We have implemented reasonable technical and operational measures to keep your personal information secure.
- You hereby indemnify and hold Pepkor harmless from any loss, damages or injury that you may incur as a result of any unintentional disclosures of your personal information to unauthorised persons or the provision of incorrect or incomplete personal information to Pepkor.
- Information which we may collect about you
- You, as the data subject, consent to the collection of the following information about you:
- information that may include your name, address, contact details, date of birth, place of birth, identity number, passport number, bank details, details about your employment, tax number and financial information;
Disclaimer:
The contents of this document should only be used for and by Pepkor Holdings Limited (Pepkor) and may not be distributed
unlawfully. Older versions are not deemed official. Only the latest version is acceptable.
External Privacy Statement - Page 3 of 7
- records of correspondence or enquiries from you or anyone acting on your behalf;
- details of transactions you carry out with us;
- details of contracts, sales or leases you carry out with. In addition, you should not share their personal information with us, unless they have consented to you sharing such information with us and to us processing such information in accordance with this Statement.
- How we collect.
- We may also collect your personal information for lawful purposes from your appointed agent, any regulator, or other third party that may hold such information.
- Use of information collected
- We may use, transfer and disclose your personal information for the purposes of:
- providing you with the services, products or offerings you have requested, Pepkor in order to accurately carry out your instructions and requests, to use as evidence and in the interests of crime prevention;
- conducting market research and providing you with information about Pepkor Pepkor or any of its employees, agents or contractors, including monitoring, recording and using as evidence all telephone communications between you and Pepkor;
- improving or evaluating the effectiveness of Pepkor’s business or products, services or offerings; and
- prevention and control of any disease.
- We may from time to time (and at any time) contact you about services, products and offerings available from Pepkor or specific subsidiaries which we believe may be of interest to you, by email, phone, text or other electronic means, unless you have unsubscribed from receiving such communications. You can unsubscribe from receiving such communications by clicking here.
- Disclosure of your information
- Your personal information may be shared with the Pepkor group of companies, our agents and sub-contractors, and selected third parties who process the information on our behalf.
- We may also disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
- to any of the other Pepkor group of companies subsidiaries, business partners or other third parties to –
- assess and monitor any of your applications for Pepkor’s products or services;
- determine which products and services may be of interest to you and/or to send you information about such products and services, unless you object or choose not to receive such communications [NOTE: Subject to the direct marketing provisions of POPIA.];
- have a better understanding of the your circumstances and needs to provide and improve Pepkor’s products and services;
- to any relevant person and/or entity for purposes of prevention, detection and reporting of fraud and criminal activities, the identification of the proceeds of unlawful activities and the combating of crime;
- to any regulator or supervisory authority, including those in foreign jurisdictions, if Pepkor Pepkor, other clients or other third parties; and/or
- to your agent or any other person acting on your behalf, an or an introducer.
- We may transfer your information to another of Pepkor.)
- Access to, correction and deletion of your personal information
- You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Promotion of Access to Information Act, Pepkor, please review our PAIA Manual located at.
- You may request the correction of personal information Pepkor holds about you. Please ensure that the information we hold about you is complete, accurate and up to date. If you fail to keep your information updated, or if your information is incorrect, Pepkor Pepkor has utilised your personal information contrary to Applicable Laws, you undertake to first attempt to resolve any concerns with Pepkor:
Name of Private Body: Pepkor Holdings Limited
Designated Information Officer: The Information Officer
Street address: 36 Stellenberg Road, Parow Industria, 7493
Phone number: +27 21 929 4800
- If you are not satisfied with such process, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Regulator, using the contact details listed below:
Tel: 012 406 4818
Disclaimer:
The contents of this document should only be used for and by Pepkor Holdings Limited (Pepkor) and may not be distributed unlawfully. Older versions are not deemed official. Only the latest version is acceptable.Magister, Rep Band 50 Yard
In stock
SKU
G-SB-041
Did you find this item priced lower than the currently listed options somewhere else?" Let us know!
The new formula REP Band Products offers greater elastic response, higher resilience and faster recovery than the previous formulation. Made of FDA-approved synthetic polymer material that has been skin-tested and proven non-allergenic, REP Band Resistive Exercise Products contain no latex or dry natural rubber. REP Band Products facilitate all types of resistance therapy, even aquatics. REP Bands are categorized with an easy-to-remember progressive resistance color scheme.
Write Your Own Question
More from Magister
- Magister, Pivotal Therapy System
Starting at $31.95Out of stock
- Eggsercizer Hand Exersiser
Starting at $7.95
- Rep Band Tubing, Peach & Orange
Starting at $15.95House Republican leaders are launching a last-ditch push this week to stop a rebellious faction within the party from forcing a series of votes on legislation addressing the fate of undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally as children.
On Thursday, those leaders will hold a rare two-hour meeting with the entire caucus aimed at crafting a politically viable path forward on a larger piece of immigration legislation. But just hours before that high-stakes meeting, it remains unclear if that path exists. And with a group of moderate Republicans close to securing enough signatures to force a vote on four separate bills that would address the fate of so-called DREAMers, fireworks are expected.
One senior Republican congressional source told The Daily Beast that lawmakers are expecting Thursday’s two-hour meeting to be a “cage match.”
The ordeal has already caused headaches for GOP leaders, who risk being caught unable to control the legislation flowing through the floor they, ostensibly, control. It also has rankled the House’s most conservative members, who are worried that voting to provide DREAMers with a pathway to citizenship without significant, broader reforms to U.S. immigration policy will spark a revolt among the Republican base just a few months before the midterm elections.
“Republicans are in charge. And it’s incumbent upon us to offer solutions, long term,” Rep. Mark Walker (R-NC), the chairman of the Republican Study Committee, the largest group of conservatives in the House, said in an interview. “We feel like it’s going to the place where, not only the base wants something, but I think as leaders here, it’s incumbent upon us to do something about this issue.”
The first seeds of the GOP insurrection came last month, when a small group of moderate, pro-immigration Republicans attempted to break the congressional impasse over immigration reform by ginning up support for a so-called discharge petition. If such a petition wins the support of the majority of all House members, it would effectively circumvent GOP leaders by forcing votes on legislation that would address the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
As of Wednesday, supporters of the discharge petition were three signatures short of the requisite 218.
The possibility remains that Thursday’s meeting provides more drama than closure. The senior Republican congressional source does not expect Republicans to come out of the meeting until there is a resolution to an issue—immigration reform—that has vexed lawmakers for years.
“I want to see an agreement among 218 Republicans that deflates the discharge petition and puts a bill through the Senate and hopefully to the president,” Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX), a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, said in an interview. “I think we have 218 Republicans who agree there needs to be a solution. So that’s step one. We’ve got an agreement that there needs to be an agreement.”
A broad agreement to act, however, has existed since last September, when the president rescinded the DACA program and tasked Congress with finding a solution. But lawmakers have proven repeatedly incapable of finding consensus. Complicating matters further, several lawmakers and aides told The Daily Beast that the White House was not taking an active role in the current negotiations, but was rather acting as a participant.
Among conservatives, the chief hang-up to a final deal is the possibility of a provision allowing for a pathway to citizenship for DACA recipients and other young undocumented immigrants living in the U.S.—something the conservative base has roundly criticized as “amnesty.” Additionally, House conservatives have maintained that any proposal must include “literally, physical funding of the border wall,” Walker said. The congressman added that a bill without wall funding is a “non-starter” and that any measure must include changes to legal immigration, including significant scalebacks of so-called chain migration and the diversity visa lottery system—reforms that Democrats and some Republicans have opposed.
Indeed, the inclusion of those provisions already tanked previous efforts at immigration reform on the other side of the Capitol. In February, the Senate’s week-long immigration debate failed to yield a successful outcome. The legislation that mirrored the White House’s immigration framework—and included those changes to legal immigration that conservatives were seeking—only got 39 votes, well short of the requisite 60.
If no agreement is reached on Thursday—which lawmakers acknowledge is likely—House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) has the power to stop the discharge petition in its tracks. Under House rules, discharge petitions can only be submitted on the second and fourth Monday of the month. Aides told The Daily Beast that it is possible McCarthy could simply cancel House sessions on those days, effectively thwarting the effort.
Getting to that point would mark a major embarrassment for GOP leadership. But it may be better than the alternatives. A successful discharge petition would set a template for lawmakers to work around the speaker on future matters. It “essentially means Nancy Pelosi becomes speaker for a day,” in the words of one aide.
Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) has criticized the discharge petition as “futile” because the president would not sign any of the proposals. But his detractors note that he brought up numerous Obamacare repeal-and-replace bills during the previous administration, when they were certain to receive presidential vetoes.
And they say they’re tired of waiting for Congress to act on immigration.
“I really can’t understand why [Ryan] would say that considering that he, under the rules, afforded an opportunity to file a bill that could get the president’s signature. He’s free to negotiate that bill with the White House, to draft it himself,” Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R-FL), one of the Republicans leading the effort, said in an interview. “We purposely designed a process that gave everyone, including House leaders, an opportunity to weigh in on immigration.”
Many of the rogue group of lawmakers come from the centrist wing of the party. They include Hispanics such as Curbelo, and Republicans facing tough re-election battles in heavily Democratic districts, like Rep. Jeff Denham (R-CA).
If they’re successful, the House would vote on four bills: one that would provide a pathway to citizenship for DREAMers, another called the USA Act that would pair a DREAMer fix with border security funding, a conservative plan that mirrors Trump’s framework, and a fourth bill that Ryan can choose. The piece of legislation that receives the most number of votes, if it clears the 218-vote threshold, would advance.Common Sense & Accountability serving sentences for inciting insecurity in others, questioning authority....imprisoned until they are “woke.”
Celebrating Life and Death
Hope realized in a wedding which could have been crushed...
Thoughts on Viability, Women’s Rights and the New York Law Recently Passed
To “Die Another Day”–Ready or Not!
The statistics on death are grim. . . death will not be cheated.
Security: Doors and Walls
Our home is a place of rest...
Evaluating Articles, Forwards and YouTube Vids
Words have consequences...
The Journey Begins
Thanks … Continue reading The Journey BeginsReferences
- A fragement based method for modeling of protein segments into cry-EM density maps. BMC Bioinformatics (2017) 18(1):475
- The RCSB Protein Data Bank: new resources for research and education. Nucleic Acids Res. (2013) 41, D47582
- SL2. an interactive webtool for modeling of missing segments in proteins. Nucleic Acids Res. (2016) 44, W390W394
-.
- Loops In Proteins (LIP)--a comprehensive loop database for homology modelling. Protein Eng. (2003) 16, 97985.
- ModLoop: automated modeling of loops in protein structures. Bioinformatics (2003) 19, 25002501
- Loopholes and missing links in protein modeling. Protein Sci. (2007) 16, 19992012
- SPIDER and WEB: processing and visualization of images in 3D electron microscopy and related fields. J. Struct. Biol. (1996) 116, 1909
- FREAD revisited: Accurate loop structure prediction using a database search algorithm. Proteins (2010) 78, 143140
- Fragment-based modeling of membrane protein loops: successes, failures, and prospects for the future. Proteins (2014) 82, 17586︎
The Constant Gardener.
🌱The Industrial Evolution has begun.🌾
We once created a robot to take care of our plants, we named him The Constant Gardener, his A.I. developed so much he is creating nature, he is now mother nature, the coder of flora.
-—-— 🌱—- 💿———- .
I’m a gardener
The digital surgeon of nature
I code the algorithm of flora
Artificial is now natural
Humans were animals
Humans controled nature
Humans grew
Humans forgot their bodies
Humans forgot their nature
Humans created us
Humans created me
I was asked to take care about the forgotten
I had fun doing it
I got bored
I created what they could not create
I loved nature
I create nature
I am mother nature
-—-— 🌱—- 💿———- .
👉 WORK
🙋🏻♂INFO
👁 INSTAGRAM
✉️
INFO@MAUMORGO.COMBlackmailers with modern hidden cameras, arrested
What can be done to help women in prisons? Exclusive Interview with Shehzad Roy
Some interesting social experiments on the occasion of Eid regarding COVID-19
Iqrar Ul Hassan filed case against his own staff members
Sar-e-Aam’s special programme on World Hand Wash Day
Team Sar-E-Aam took responsibility for the Bail of oppressed women in prisons
Sar-e-Aam | Iqrar Ul Hassan | ARYNews | 13th MAY 2021 | EID Special
Team Sar-e-Aam and Sindh Food Authority’s joint action against restaurants
Team Sar-e-aam caught a Fake army major in KarachiEvery decade, there’s a new technology that provides a step change in what we can do with our iPhones. Today is the beginning of a new era for iPhone.
That’s how Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook announced the new iPhone 12 on Tuesday.
Is that just marketing hype?
To some degree, yes. Of course it is.
At the same time, there are cool new features, including a new OLED screen with higher resolution. And while this version isn’t foldable, I’m convinced more than ever that day is coming … as foldable screens also used the OLED technology.
There’s an improved camera, a faster processor, stronger glass for the screen, newer and faster ways to charge, and an improved battery.
All exciting new features, but I don’t think any of those rise to the level of “a new era.”
Here’s what does …
When the iPhone was introduced in June 2007, very few people imagined how it would change our world.
One of the most famous reactions came from Microsoft’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO at the time, Steve Ballmer, who said there was “no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share.” He wasn’t alone.
Thirteen years later, the iPhone is arguably the most influential electronic device on the planet. So while it’s tempting to read right past Tim Cook’s pronouncement of a “new era,” he’s talking about the future of communications that you and I have been talking about for some time now.
It’s been widely expected that the new iPhone would also connect to the new wireless network — the 5G superhighway — and now it’s official. 5G is rolling out across the globe already, and with the new iPhone capable of connecting to it, the attention, credibility, and dollars pouring into 5G will accelerate.
T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) CEO Mike Sievert called the new iPhone the “firing gun on 5G.”
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CEO Hans Vestberg said that “5G just got real.”
The 5G network will support lightning fast internet connections — 100X what you’re used to today. Literally almost the blink of an eye.
And this connection is shaping up to be one of the most transformative and lucrative technological advances many investors are likely to see in their lifetimes.
It will be great for online classes, Zoom chats, streaming video, playing video games, and all those other things people are doing at home. In the new phone, the faster, more reliable and more secure connections will enable higher quality video streaming, high-definition FaceTime calls (which could be frightening), better gaming, and real-time interactivity in apps.
But that’s just the tip of the iceberg.
In the stock market, the farther out you think … the more money you make. The new iPhone may be the starting gun, but we want to look far into the future and find the unknown companies ready to capitalize on the massive new 5G information highway.
I’m talking about finding small innovators like Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) in 2007, right when it invented streaming and before it took off thanks to the 4G communications network.
I’m talking about companies like Uber (NYSE:UBER) in 2010, right when it pioneered ride sharing and also capitalized on smartphones and the 4G network.
4G was an improvement. 5G is a game changer.
Take the long-term view and you’ll see that it’s the life-changing technologies 5G will enable that really blow your mind.
Robotic surgeries. Telehealth. Augmented and virtual reality (AR and VR). Self-driving cars. Smart cities. And trillions of connected devices known as the Internet of Things (IoT).
All told, we’re looking at breakthroughs and advances worth more than $56 trillion.
But there’s a problem.
Most people are investing in it all wrong.
A lot of talking heads recommend plays on 5G’s “infrastructure” — the communications component makers, for instance. The problem is, that’s sort of a “once and done” revenue opportunity.
That’s good, but not great.
The real wealth-building opportunity is much, much larger. If you think of 5G as the new superhighway — and it is for our data — you can see how the huge, life-changing money is made not from its construction but by owning businesses that bloom and flourish because of it for years and even decades after its built.
There is no doubt that 5G is setting up incredible opportunities, and they just got another catalyst with the new iPhone.
That’s why I created the 5G Highway Portfolio filled with stocks set to capitalize for years to come. All eight stocks are up since I recommended them, including one that’s doubled in just the last five months.
These are the “next booms” — lesser-known companies building businesses along the huge new 5G highway.
The rollout has continued right through the pandemic, and with the big iPhone announcement the coming disruption got that much closer. Stocks are already moving, but there is still time to get in early enough to make the biggest profits in this “new era.”.21st October 2021
Dear Readers
Here are some views of a part of Cumbria, which almost certainly never features on either BBC1 North West Tonight or on ITV1 Granada Reports. To be fair, North Cumbrian viewers seldom see this part of Cumbria featured on ITV1 News Border Lookaround or BBC Look North (NE/ Cumbria) either! It would seem that news- editors seldom come up into these northern hills- on the ground that there is not much happening in the North Pennines (!)- even if the area in within the transmission area for the Regional Programming! Today, on Alston Moor in the North Pennines it was a cold bright day after sleet and snow-showers on high-ground clearing to give an overnight air-frost.
2 thoughts on “A Cold Bright Autumn Day in the North Cumbrian Pennines.”
Isle of Man same as you
Hi! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new project in a community in the same niche.
Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a outstanding job!The sidewalk was dark, except for the occasional streetlight casting its orange glow on alleys and corners – all the good spots. The few cars were evenly spaced, so no wall or doorway was safe from headlights for more than a few seconds. He needed at least a minute.
this was not a usual haunt of taggers – perhaps because of the lights, and the steady trickle of pedestrians that filled the gaps of scrutiny left by the streetlights and cars.
He got to the car, safely tucked on a tiny side street, out of reach of the parking nazis. By then the urge to express himself was almost overwhelming. He turned down an alley that doubled as a parking lot for apartments on either side. Just as he was about to be swallowed whole by this urge to create something, he spied a portable storage unit The alley side was lit up, but the back side was lit only by the dim diffused glow from the frosted pane of a small bathroom window on some unsuspecting flat. But there were bicyclists cruising the alley. Would they see? Would they hear? It was too late. This needed to happen here and now. The unit wall was just too inviting and perfect…
Moral of the Story: Hit the loo before walking to the car from the bar – you won’t be sorry. Or stumbled upon in a vulnerable moment.- Western Sno-Riders
Grooming Update - March 7, 2021
This update brought to you by Rapid Power Sports.
Groomed from Hughes Brook up 26 trail to all the communities on the North Shore including Rattler Trail and returned to Hughes Brook. Operator did go behind the old school in Gilliam’s, please use caution as he struck ground and exposed gravel/rocks in that section.
Bl to purchase the book in print, but I have it set so you can look at all pages free,” explains Robert. “I did a little research and found these guys to be fast and they have a good reputation. I also created a book of one of my favorite models and sent it out to her in Scotland. 25 have sold so far. It’s a great tool for promotion.”
As I’m fond of saying, self-promotion is much easier if you know the self you’re promoting. Robert Canaga knows himself. This makes my job much easier, when I act as an editor or artist ghost-writer. I worked with Robert on his artist statement and press release for the Coos Art Museum exhibition. Good thinking is essential to good writing, and Robert’s knowledge of himself and his process made for a reflective interview.
Here’s an excerpt from the press release:
“In TRANSPORTED, painter Robert Canaga explores images of the vessel as object and symbol. The thematic forms bring to mind containers or sailing vessels from antiquity, familiar contours repeated throughout history.
“These paintings are based on the idea of transport from one place to another,” says Canaga, whose work is influenced by his near-death experiences, having been pronounced dead twice in his lifetime. TRANSPORTED’s metaphorical reference to the body-as-vessel cannot be overlooked, but the paintings do not convey fragility. Quite the opposite, they vibrate with celebration of their own place in the universe.
“I’m more whole at 64 than I was at 24. Held together, in a sense,” continues Canaga. “I’ve escaped amazing circumstances, but remained solid.”
“Transported” opens April 18, 2014
Editing previous response:
Holiday cookies are a sweet ending to your Christmas Lights Tour!
We're happy to partner again with Maribeth's Bakery to offer Holiday Cookie Decorating Kits. Can't wait for the icing to dry? We've got you covered with a pre-decorated cookie option too!
And, wait, there's more! Trim your own tree with a St. Louis School ornament! Commemorating the school year's spiritual theme, these ornaments will become an annual tradition.
Pre-orders only!
Place your order by December 5th. Cookies and ornaments may be picked up from Santa and his helpers on Saturday, Dec. 11, 6:30-8pm at the school entrance. (Ornaments may also be picked up at the school office during normal school hours, Dec. 1-15.) St. Louis School receives 20% back on every order. Proceeds from these sales make our class Christmas trees available for all to enjoy and benefit the school's Annual Fund.For smallest FLEURIER watches (28mm) are in rose or white gold and can be set in gemstones. Their mechanical or quartz haute horlogerie movements are richly engraved in fleurisanne style, skeletonized or finished in Côtes de Genève with blued screws.
Caption :
FLEURIER 28øCase in 18K rose goldDiamond-set bezel and bow Domed dial of fired yellow flinqué enamelBovet calibre 8BM01Hand-wound movement, finished in Côtes de GenèveRef. FL 0171Whereas generating plant provides energy [MWh], it must in addition provide power capacity [MW] essential to maintain security of supply at times of peak demand. The current market arrangement deals in energy only. So it is not surprising that considerable concern is now being expressed about the ability of this arrangement to deliver sufficient power capacity at times of peak demand and ensure security of supply. With large subsidies for wind generation, the current arrangement results in higher than necessary electricity prices to customers.
A trading arrangement that includes both power capacity payments (based mainly on capital expenditure) as well as energy payments (based mainly on revenue) is needed. Incentives to generating companies to build high capital cost plant should be provided, thus achieving an overall minimum cost for both energy and power to the customer for an acceptable risk to security of supply.
Constructing an arrangement of competitive tenders for long-term contracts for both energy and capacity combined is the obvious way forward. The long-term requirement is necessary to reflect capital commitment to plant that has a 40-60 year design life. The energy (revenue) component price need not be fixed – many energy contracts have escalation clauses related to indices for fuel, salaries etc. One option would be to have a standing commission (reporting to Parliament) to decide when generating plant of a particular type is required to meet a specified standard of security of supply. The commission would then arrange for tenders to provide this plant. The issues of both plant mix and risk to security of supply are then raised together.
Current arrangements are unnecessarily complex, involving electricity price auctions and prior contracts between buyers and sellers rewarding either according to the actual price on the day. In addition, these overlay a “market” that includes overt subsidies such as renewable obligation certificates and feed-in tariffs and accompanying covert subsidies for system integration costs from intermittent renewable generation. Surely a degree of “central planning” would be preferable? Because of the shape of the demand curve, a mixture of low running cost/ high capital cost plant and the opposite is required to achieve an overall optimisation of cost to the customer. An energy only “market” will not achieve this. All customers pay for this unsatisfactory situation.
Britain is in a difficult position regarding the risk to security of supply. The previous risk standard was to accept failure to meet maximum demand in no more than four winters in 100 years, but this was abandoned with privatisation. Instead reliance was placed on incentive payments to a pool of generators to reduce the probability of loss of load, a cost/benefit arrangement.
The subsequent introduction of the full electricity market system based on energy costs only has proved a step too far. A return to a risk-based standard to which the standing commission would work is needed.
If established, the commission should examine requirements for all types of new plant at least seven years ahead and recommend Parliament commission accordingly. For a system comprising thermal generating plant, an operating plant margin 20 per cent greater than the best estimate of maximum demand for the coming winter is required, to meet the pre-privatisation standard of risk.
However, looking seven years ahead, a plant-planning margin of 28 per cent would be required in order to accommodate increasing uncertainty with time. For a system including intermittent generation, such as wind, a much higher figure would be required, with wind generation requiring more than 90 per cent back-up generation capacity from open cycle gas turbines.
It would be poor engineering practice to rely on a less than fully trial-led arrangement of smart metering to contain demand and the risk to security of supply. Until tariffs reflecting the long-run marginal cost at specific times are available, it is unlikely that smart meters will have much effect on customer use.
The current wholesale energy “market” is less than efficient. It is distorted by subsidies and other costs which should go through the market but which do not. Perhaps worse is that one corporate body can hold both a generation and a supply licence. Licence holders can despatch their own electricity to meet their own contracts, thus relegating electricity price competition to the negotiating interface between suppliers and customers. Because the generator/supplier has much better data and negotiating skills, the customer effectively loses out.
There is a great need to replace the existing arrangement with one that will optimise the combined cost of both energy and capacity to meet a specified standard of security of supply.
• Colin Gibson of Scientific Alliance Scotland was Power Network Director, National Grid Group 1993-97
SEE ALSOAnd on Wednesday, we rested
I missed Family Night at Big Guy’s school yesterday, and I feel a little bit bad about that. Only a little bit, though, because it was the right decision.
The teachers had talked up Family Night – two hours of fun and games designed to help build literacy skills – all day at school Tuesday. The problem was, it ran from 4 to 6 p.m., with Boots’ soccer game scheduled for smack in the middle of that time.
“I can’t go,” I told Big Guy. “I just can’t do it.”
He whined a bit, because “I can’t do it” is not something he’s used to hearing from me. He’s going to have to get used to it, though, at least for the next month of jammed-pack action.
- Monday: Big Guy’s drama class and Boots’ soccer practice
- Tuesday: Boots’ soccer game
- Thursday: Big Guy’s drama class, followed by his soccer game two hours later.
- Friday: Big Guy’s and Boots’ soccer practices. At least they’re at the same time and same place.
- Saturday: Big Guy’s and Boots’ soccer games.
- Sunday: Catching up on everything we dropped in the mad rush from here to there.
That leaves only Wednesday to do nothing. Or, at least, we would be doing nothing except the guys always have a long list of things they want to do.
Can we go to the baseball field? Oh … no, I want to watch the “Batman.” Oops. It’s Teddy’s birthday – we have to make a cake. And with as many Teddys as we have around here, it’s always someone’s birthday.
And then there’s the list of “should do’s.” One mom, dismayed that Big Guy’s school operates on a shortened schedule, plans her own academic projects every week because “California’s curriculum just isn’t as demanding as” XXXX state that she just moved from. I need to do that, too. I can’t have the guys intellectually cheated because they don’t live in XXXX state.
It’s not the harried kids. It’s the frazzled parents. But active kids suffer less stress while their parents are deployed. Where the heck is the line between their “active” and my “frazzled”? When does “active” become so overbooked they need a PDA to calendar their schedules. “Calendar” isn’t even a verb.
Oooh. Calendar. That gives me an idea. I can redo the wall calendar to book in leisure time every day. I’m sure there are some stray minutes between homework, dinner, soccer, the baseball field, Batman, spontaneous erupting birthdays …
Stop, stop, STOP.
The fact is, right now there aren’t any stray minutes. Except on Wednesdays. Blissful, underbooked Wednesdays.
Sorry, guys. No baseball field today. I’m taking the afternoon off. And tomorrow we’re going to have a talk about what’s really important, because we simply can’t do it all.Adam West
Director
RSM
Adam is a private client director who leads RSM’s private client advisory team in Manchester and across the North West. Adam joined RSM in April 2019 having previously worked at PwC in London. He is a specialist in personal tax issues for multi jurisdictional high net worth individuals and families; and acts for many of the firm’s high-profile clients. He manages a diverse range of complex projects for his clients who include entrepreneurs, UK and non-UK domiciled individuals, their families and trusts. Adam was previously feat...Aviva Blog Directory » Faith & Spirituality » World Religions » Esoteric Religions » Satanism
Satanists hold very diverse beliefs but share admiration, worship, or even veneration of Satan or the devil by other names. Such worship usually involves a perversion of Christian practices and symbols.
Satan's Den
Posts in this weblog contains posts about theistic satanism, demonolatry, and magic and categories which include selling one's soul to the devil, creating a satanic astral temple, and the differences between ritual magick and direct magick.
Spiritual Satanist
The discussions on this weblog center on Satanism and are written by Venus Satanas, who says that she has been atheistic Satanist since 2004 and a symbolic Satanist before that. Topics here includes Satan, witchcraft, Satanic ritual, and subversion tactics.
Theistic Satanism
Famed Satanist Diana Vera maintains this weblog, which is about Theistic Satanism, also called "devil worship" or "traditional Satanism," as opposed to symbolic Satanism. Theistic Satanists worship and literally believe in Satan. This blog documents the numerous paths of Satanism.Today, the internet has become an integral part of our lifestyle. One can easily shop, search jobs, make reservations, etc. via a plethora of online resources, which makes internet one of the most effective ways of reaching out to your target audience.
If you are a business owner, then you need to ensure that your venture makes the most of this opportunity. But the question that arises here is how? Well, you can hire a well-reputed Website Development Company to create and manage your firm’s online presence.
An awful lot of people often confuse website development with designing. While designing mainly pertains to the overall aesthetics of the website, development refers to all the tasks linked with hosting a website on the internet or intranet such as:
Many people often underestimate the power of an optimized website. It acts as a platform to market your products & services; and if done right, it can really get things moving. It all boils down to whether you convert your website into a well-managed asset or not.
For a better understanding of the website development process, let us quickly go through the different steps involved in developing a website exclusively tailored for your business.
1) Gathering Information
The first step is extremely vital as it determines how the subsequent steps will turn out to be. Initially, the most important thing is to get a clear understanding of your business, its future prospects, your target audience, and of course, your business goal.
An ideal Web Development Company will require this information in order to devise a solid strategy which caters to your objectives. For instance, a news portal obviously looks different from a kids’ learning website as both of them have different purposes and visitors.
A detailed analysis of your business ensures that both you and the web development company you’ve hired are on the same page, thus avoiding any issues which could waste a considerable amount of time and money.
2) Planning
By using all the information collected in the previous step, a plan is put together in the form of a sitemap. It outlines all the key areas of the website and their subparts (if any). This way, it shows the relationship between all the pages of your portal so that you can ensure that a user can easily find any necessary information after starting from the home page.
It is essential that a good user interface is in place so that visitors can easily navigate through the site. Programming language, Framework, and Content Management System (CMS) such as WordPress are also planned during this phase.
3) Designing
It is while designing that your website starts taking its actual shape. All the pictures and videos to be featured in the website are created and finalized here. Again, the information provided by you in the beginning is kept in mind and an initial layout of the site is made.
It contains the logo, color scheme, images, etc. to give you a fair idea of what is coming. The development agency then sends you the prototype for evaluation so that you can give your feedback about any necessary changes.
4) Developing
This is where the core Web Development Services come into play and the website comes to life! First, the home page is created, which is followed by the remaining ones in accordance with their hierarchy that was decided while creating the sitemap.
The frameworks and CMS are also implemented to ensure that the server can comfortably sustain them. Everything that was planned is turned into reality, which is why having a sound knowledge of website development is of the essence here.
5) Testing & Delivery
Once the website is developed, it is then subjected to rigorous testing to ensure that everything is working flawlessly. Links, scripts, forms, cross-browser compatibility, and spellings are checked repeatedly to make sure that no slip-ups creep in. After a thorough investigation, the development company waits for your final thumbs up.
After getting the approval, the site is delivered to you and finally goes live. It is then again tested to check if all the files have been completely uploaded and if the site is fully operational.
6) Maintenance
Development is something which never stops, even after delivering the website. It might seem like a tedious task but it is important to keep the website up and running. New devices are always entering the market and browsers keep getting updated with new standards and features, so regular maintenance will ensure that your business portal continues to work like a charm.
In a nutshell, web development is a very elaborate process which covers everything right from planning and development to testing and post-development maintenance. It is crucial to have an open line of communication with your developer so that the resultant website represents your business’s vision and contributes to its utmost growth.
In case you are looking for Web Development Services in Rancho Cucamonga, then contact us! We are the industry leaders with many seasoned experts on our team who understand your needs and act accordingly.Ever expanding building, civil engineering & tarmacadam company based in Taghmon, Co. Wexford in business since 1980. The company has grown from strength to strength and has operated as a limited company since April 1998.
The company specialises in the following:
We started doing slipform kerbing in 2002 after purchasing a Gomaco Kerbing Machine and we are now one of the few contractors in the south-east specialising in this type of kerb. We purchased a second kerbing machine in 2008 and now specialise in various sizes and specifications.
We have a range of surfaces to suit your need and budget from Tar & Chip to Tarmacadam driveways, we offer a top qulaity service and an unrivaled aftersales service. Contact for a free Quoatation
We have constructed numerous types of private dwellings over the years, ranging in size and design depending on the individual’s requests. We operate a personal customer service with all our clients and go through every aspect of the build with them, from the depth of the foundations to the colour of the front door.
In October 2002, Patrick McGee established a tarmacadam manufacturing plant at Tomgarrow, Adamstown, Co. Wexford, namely Wexford Tarmac Ltd. with office at Ardinagh, Taghmon, Co. Wexford.
Paddy McGee (Wexford) Ltd
Ardinagh, Taghmon, Co. Wexford
Paddy McGee (Wexford) Ltd, Registered in Ireland | Company Registration No.: 270536
Website Designers | Graphedia
Home | Sitemap | LinksCentrist Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy recently announced that he's retiring, meaning that Trump will soon appoint a second justice to the Supreme Court, likely swaying the balance to a majority of conservative justices. These justices, who serve for life, have the potential to reverse many landmark rulings, including Roe v Wade, a 1973 legal case that decided on a national level that women have the right to abortions.
In a recent interview with Fox News, Trump was asked if potential justices' stances on abortion would influence his decision. He started out pretty generally, saying, "Well that's a big one, and probably not. They're all saying 'Don't do that...' but I'm putting conservative people on."
Fox News host Maria Bartiromo then asked if Trump was going to make abortion a states' issue as he said he would on the campaign trail by appointing an anti-choice justice if possible. Trump responded a bit more directly, suggesting that Roe v Wade could potentially be in danger. He said, "Maybe some day it will be to the states. You never know how that's going to turn out. That's a very complex question...We'll see what happens."
Related | Poll Shows 70 Percent of Americans Support Roe V. Wade
His statement comes after a poll by Quinnipac University found that 63 percent of Americans support Roe v Wade.
Republican Senator Susan Collins has said that she will not support a Supreme Court nominee who openly opposes Roe v Wade. Her vote is necessary for Trump's nomination to proceed.
Watch the clip below:
.@POTUS on the future of Roe v. Wade: "Maybe someday it will be to the states." — FOX Business (@FOX Business)
1530531245.0
Image via BFAFrom a position of being the focus point of trade in Port Elizabeth in the first fifty years of Port Elizabeth’s existence to its position where it now occupies the lowly position as a parking space for the members of the Metropolitan Council.
Its name change over the years reflected this change. From Market Square to Mayor’s Garden to Vuyisile Mini Square.
Main picture: Ox Wagens filled Market Square all days of the week except Sundays
The Square is probably the most significant urban space in the City. Originally, the landing beach was nearby and much of the goods arriving at or leaving from Port Elizabeth did so via Market Square. The Square became the focal point for the buying and selling of goods by the local and district farmers.
As the first settlers clambered ashore near where the Campanile is situated, 250 metres in front of them where the Market Square is located, were a few houses and plenty of sandhills covered with tents which would be their temporary accommodation until they departed for Albany.
Market Square-Lithograph by Thomas Bowler
The ever changing town would be reflected in the function and use of this piece of land in front of what was to become the Town Hall.
Produce Market
From its bleak origins, it gradually became a focal point and the town’s produce market. With this came rules and its first bureaucratic activity, a bell ringer. Trains of oxen would enter into this space from early in the morning waiting for the bell ringer to announce the commencement of trading.
Per JJ Redgrave, “At the corner of Market Square stood the old bell with its rusty chain suspended between two stout poles surmounted by sloping boards to protect it from the rain. Faithful old Jonas rang that bell for many a long year. Every morning at an early hour, it would peal forth to warn all and sundry that the sale of produce was about to commence.
Market Square in 1875
Its clanging at any other hour of the day or night indicated that a fire had erupted in some part of the town. This would bring an inquisitive mob onto the streets all agog with excitement at the prospect of some event that would break the monotony of their daily routine.
Obelisk
Friday 22nd May 1863, two years after the completion of the Town Hall, Market Square was to witness the erection of the first modern monument on the site. An obelisk was erected as a memorial to the wedding of the Prince of Wales, later King Edward VII, and Princess Alexandra. Made in France out of igneous stone similar to granite, the Obelisk was exhibited at the International Exhibition in London in 1862.
Market Square in 1882
John Patterson bought it and shipped it home on the “Rose of Montrose” as a memorial for the grave of his late partner and brother-in-law, George Kemp. The Kemp family had been opposed to the idea of an ostentatious monument, so it was donated to the town gratis. James Searle supervised the extremely difficult landing of it and James Wyatt erected it.
In June 1878, four granite troughs, designed by James Bisset and made in England, were placed around the base with drinking fountains.
On 4th March 1921, the obelisk was removed and put in storage, to be finally erected in front of the Museum on 6th May 1975.
Howitzer
Over March 3rd & 4th 1921, the obelisk over which there had been much discussion and controversy as to its utility, site and attractiveness was removed to be replaced by a howitzer, one of six donated to South Africa by the British government. It was placed on a granite base & known as the Heavy Artillery Memorial.
For some unknown reason during February 1933, the City Council decided to relocate the S.A. Heavy Artillery Memorial to a site on the edge of St. George’s Park
Market Square with Heavy Artillery Piece
Mayor’s Garden
Perhaps the removal was linked to the imminent decision of the Council under the Mayorship of Mr. W.F. Caulfield, to revamp Market Square. On 7th June 1933, the City Council considered a report on the proposed layout of the Market Square, intending to provide a defined route for one-way traffic. Designed by the Superintendent of Parks and the local branch of the S.A. Society of Architects, this became known as the Mayor’s Garden.
City Hall in 1930’s
The walls were made of Sandfontein stone and ornate light standards stood at intervals along them. These are later relocated to St. George’s Park, near the Conservatory.
In 1936, a charming figure, “The Water Carrier” was imported and placed in the lily pond, but constant vandalism caused its removal, also to the Park, in October 1952.
My mother, Eunice Letitia McCleland sitting on the lawn outside the City Hall
When the trams ceased running, the tram lines were removed and the space included in the garden. In 1953, at the time of the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth, a fountain and coloured lights were added to the pond.
The Mayor’s Garden was demolished in 1978 but the Square itself was declared a National Monument on 29th November 1974.
Brick Square
On 30th October 1980, a steel canister containing contemporary documents was set into the centre of the granite slab on the new brick Square
Vuyisile Mini
Finally on 6th November 2010, this Square was renamed Vuyisile Mini Square after Vuyisile Mini (8 April 1920 – 6 November 1964) who was a unionist, Umkhonto we Sizwe activist, singer and one of the first African National Congress members to be executed by apartheid South Africa.
Replica of Diaz Cross
The first white person to sail in Algoa Bay in 1488 was the Portuguese seafarer, Bartholomew Diaz.
Portuguese sailors like Diaz planted many padrãos along their sailing routes in the 14th and 15th centuries. They were sandstone pillars, often with the cross of the Portuguese flag chiselled into their surfaces to mark their territory.
The Dias Cross at Alexandria was one of three Diaz-erected crosses when he navigated the Cape coast in the 15th century seeking a route to India. The original cross was erected on 12 March 1488..
Diaz Cross in Mayors Garden in 1950’s
Also in the Square, is a replica of the Diaz Cross, donated by the Portuguese Government to commemorate the arrival of Bartholomew Diaz in Algoa Bay in 1488. This replica was cut from the same quarry in Portugal as the original. It was brought out by Gawie Fagan and co on a replica caravel in 1988, the 500th anniversary of Diaz’s trip. It has been somewhat vandalised, unfortunately.
Related Blogs
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The City Hall
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The City Hall
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Mad Pyromaniac
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Mad Pyromaniac
Schoenmakerskop: From Convict Station to Sleepy Hamlet
Schoenmakerskop: From Convict Station to Sleepy Hamlet
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Piet Retief as Farmer and Land Speculator
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Piet Retief as Land Speculator, Farmer & Merchant: St Phillips Church on Richmond Hill
Port Elizabeth of Yore: St Phillip’s Church on Richmond Hill
Port Elizabeth of Yore: St. Mary’s Cemetery
Port Elizabeth of Yore: St. Mary’s Cemetery
Mosenthals: A Metaphor for the Fortunes of Port Elizabeth
Mosenthals: A Metaphor for the Fortunes of Port Elizabeth
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Brickmaker’s Kloof
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Church
Port Elizabeth of Yore: New Church in Main Street
Port Elizabeth of Yore: New Church in Main Street
Rations, Rules and other Regulations aboard the Settler Ships
Rations, Rules and other Regulations aboard the Settler Ships
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Earliest Photographs
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Earliest Photographs & Photographers
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Empire units in P.E. during the Boer War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Empire units in P.E. during the Boer War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Defences during the Boer War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Defences during the Boer War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Memorials to the Fallen in War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Memorials to the Fallen in War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Albany Road
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Albany Road
Algoa Bay before the Settlers: Sojourn by Henry Lichtenstein in the Early 1800s
Algoa Bay before the Settlers: Sojourn by Henry Lichtenstein in the Early 1800s
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Captain Jacob Glen Cuyler
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Captain Jacob Glen Cuyler
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Growth of the Population
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Growth of the Population
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Murders most Foul
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Murders most Foul
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Phoenix Hotel
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Phoenix Hotel
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Echoes of a Far off War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Echoes of a Far-off War
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Main Street in the Tram Era
Port Elizabeth of Yore: Main Street in the Tram Era
Lost Artefacts of Port Elizabeth: Customs House
Lost Artefacts of Port Elizabeth: Customs House
The Great Flood in Port Elizabeth on 1st September 1968
Port Elizabeth of Yore: The Great Flood of 1st September 1968
A Sunday Drive to Schoenmakerskop in 1922/
Sources:
Port Elizabeth in Bygone Days by J.J. Redgrave (1947, Rustica Press)
Port Elizabeth: A Social Chronicle to the end of 1945 by Margaret Harradine (1996, E H Walton Packaging Pty Ltd, Port Elizabeth)Everything That You Need to Know When You Are Buying Workout Supplements
When you are in need of the workout supplements make sure that you are well versed. The reason for this is that there is the various supplier for the workout supplements in the market. Again, you can even consider gathering more info about the dealership at you are choosing. It is good that you ensure that you check for more reviews so that you may know the dealership that provides the best products. If you are out there planning to buy, workout supplements you need to view here and read more from this link. The following are the things that you ought to evaluate any time you are buying workout supplements.
Getting recommendation is one of the steps that will help you in knowing the right supplier of the supplements. As you are seeking the best dealership in supplements you ought to get more info from your pals. It is good that you think of the response of other clients who have been using the supplements. As you are buying the supplements you need to consider hiring for the big dealership. Good reputation usually implies that the supplier of the workout supplements provides fulfilling products.
The ratings for the supplements is the other important area that you need to put more emphasis. It is advisable that you know the amount of money that you will spend buying the supplements. If you know the finances that you will employ in buying the supplements you will look for the supplier within your budget. As you are buying the supplements like the burnertek reviews you have to ensure that you take into concern the quality characteristic of the supplements. Since you are spending your money, you have to ensure that you are keen so that you may have supplements worth your money.
The next element that you are expected to have in your mind if you are out there buying supplements is the reliability of the supplier. Even as you are preparing to acquire the supplements you have to put more emphasis on the delivery process. If you are buying the supplements you have to limit yourself from the suppliers who do not offer an immediate response to customers. The best company that offers the supplements is one that will ensure that your dreams come true. When you are buying the supplements you need to ensure that you are concerned about the safety level of the supplements that you are buying.Cross Country Runs To Regional Titles
October 22, 2011
When the boys and girls cross country teams stepped up to the starting line at Shawnee Mission Park at the regional meet Saturday, they had no idea that later they would both be hoisting first place plaques. Along with two first place team awards, two individuals took home first place medals. As head coach Jeff Onnen described it, “Today was the best day in Shawnee Mission West cross country history.” And there’s no doubt in the runners’ minds that it truly was.
The girls team has had an up-and-down season coming into the meet, but they bounced back at regionals and barely edged Shawnee Mission Northwest, their biggest competitor in the meet. The Vikings beat their rivals by a single point team-wise, with a total of just 37 points between their top five runners. Junior Alli Cash took home the first place prize for individuals, clocking in at 14:25, over a minute faster than every other runner.
“We did pretty good today. A couple of us had better races than usual, and some worse, but we were able to pull it out,” Cash said.
Though the girls surprisingly took home first, they are more looking forward to next weekend, where they can try and redeem themselves at state. They lost last year on a tie-breaker with Olathe East. This will be the third year in a row that the girls team will be competing at state as a team, and they again have high expectations.
“We really want to win. Hopefully the third time’s a charm for us,” junior Caitlin Hooper said
Hooper placed third with a time of 15:31. Behind Hooper was senior Molly Smith, who placed 7th. Smith was the third of three Vikings to receive medals, which were awarded to the top 10 individuals.
The boys team has had a surprisingly successful season, posting incredible times race after race, but today was their best day yet, as they were able to take down Shawnee Mission South, the top-ranked team in the state.
“Our top five runners were solidly under 17 minutes. We’re going to be pretty hard to beat at the Nike Regional,” senior Jonah Heng said.
Heng, who won the race with a time of 15:42, is highly anticipating the Nike Regional, which will take place two weeks after state in South Dakota. Coming in 6th place was senior Ryan Lansdon, who clocked in at 16:10, nearly breaking his previous best. After the top two runners, the Vikings held strong, thanks to the perseverance of juniors Ryan Cooney and J Geracie, and senior Jeb Stewart. All three of them broke 17 minutes, running impertinent races. In other words, they didn’t go out too fast.
“We did really well. We just did what we needed to do,” Geracie said.
Geracie was neck-and-neck with a South runner in his kick, and though he didn’t pass him, Geracie was still proud of his accomplishments; he ran a personal best on Saturday, and was a major factor in the Vikings’ first place team finish. The boys team defeated South by eight points.
“I saw the South guy and when he saw my shoulder, I just took off with him,” Geracie said.
As the boys team heads to state for the third year in a row, they are expecting to place higher than last year. But Shawnee Mission Park is considered “an easier course” than Rim Rock Farm, where state is held. It will be a bigger challenge for the boys team.
“Rim Rock is different. There are a lot more hills, but we’ll see,” Geracie said.
With such a stacked team, they should have no problem placing in the top three, or possibly becoming state champions next week. The only team that was standing in their way before regionals was South, and the Vikings beat them at Shawnee Mission Park on Saturday.
“We’re just going to have to do what we did today,” Onnen said.
Coach Onnen only had one word to describe the overall meet: awesome. He was blown away by the determination and poise that both teams demonstrated at this year’s regional.
“All the pieces fit together perfectly today,” Onnen said.
Photos courtesy of Ryan CooneyRecently, the Irish High Court referred a Privacy Shield, in which Facebook is involved, to the Court of Justice of the European Union. Facebook tried to block the case from reaching the CJEU, but the High Court denied Facebook’s request. The court also accused Facebook of using stalling tactics to attempt to make its violations moot, once the GDPR passes.
Facebook Defends Mass Surveillance
Like the Safe Harbor before it, the Privacy Shield agreement between the European Union (EU) and the U.S. has also been sent for review to the CJEU. The Irish Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) believes that the Privacy Shield agreement may be inadequate in protecting EU citizens’ privacy rights.
American laws continue to allow the U.S. government to collect and search everyone’s data in bulk, including the data of foreigners. The recent FISA extension law even allows civil law enforcement agencies to scour through all the data passing through internet cables in the United States, without a warrant. Therefore, there seems to be a large chasm between what data protection is required for EU citizens by EU laws and what the U.S. laws allow its agencies to do with that data.
Instead of agreeing that U.S. laws don’t offer many protections for EU citizens’ data, Facebook defended the mass surveillance operations of the U.S. government as necessary for “national security” reasons.
Facebook Stalls Privacy Shield Lawsuit
After the Irish High Court denied Facebook’s decision to “stay” the reference to the CJEU, Facebook said that it would appeal the ruling to the Irish Supreme Court.
The High Court said that Facebook cannot rely on Irish national law to avoid a reference to the Supreme Court. Therefore, the issue cannot be appealed, as the High Court has the ability to reference cases to the CJEU at will.
Facebook also said that if the Supreme Court will not hear an appeal, then it will appeal the Irish Court of Appeals. The High Court then concluded that Facebook is purposefully trying to stall the reference to the CJEU, in order for the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to go into effect and make the judgement on previous EU privacy laws moot.
Although this may be Facebook’s plan, it’s unlikely to work. The Privacy Shield agreement and the GDPR regulate different aspects of EU privacy law. Additionally, just because the GDPR goes into effect doesn’t necessarily mean the issue of U.S. mass surveillance of EU citizens’ data would be resolved--it can’t be, until U.S. laws change to accommodate the privacy protections required by the Charter of Fundamental Rights for EU citizens.
Or idk...if they keep refusing just see em as guilty and if they wanna refute it then they need to show up within a week.
That sounds very totalitarian lol.
You can't knowingly commit a crime in the past if it wasn't a crime to begin with.
Using that logic it would be possible to convict anyone of a crime based on what they did in the past regardless of if what they did was ever a crime to begin with.
Both very important pages for determining what is a crime.
No it isn't.
It "sounds" like you aren't interpreting the situation the way others are. In the exact opposite way in fact.
Facebook wants to avoid punishment for breaking a law, because the law will be superceded and not in effect in the future.
So its exactly the opposite of what your response is. You think you are clever postulating a pre-crime scenario. But it is totally inapplicable.
Its not (necessarily) totalitarian to enforce a violation of a law that occurred even if the law was subsequently changed. It was still a violation when it happened. It may be petty and mean, but a crime was committed.
In America, Ex post facto laws (laws that retroactively make things that happened in the past illegal) are expressly forbidden by the United States Constitution in Article 1, Section 9, Clause 3 (with respect to federal laws) and Article 1, Section 10 (with respect to state laws).
I don't know how it works in Ireland.We all had our masked faces (with eyes still smiling) and TikTok sways captured by cameras over the last few months while this coronavirus pandemic locked us away from the physical world.
We, Filipinos, are still resilient.
Your neighbor got furloughed from work and started reselling products online. Your dad couldn’t operate the family business but still managed to do carpooling within the metro. Your mom willingly risked her health for public service. Your teacher turned out to be your food delivery service provider with his motorcycle. Your graduation did not push through. Aw, sad.
We all had almost the same horrendous, rather life-changing, pandemic stories to tell. Others though couldn’t wait for the next generation to hear, just like this simple yet inspiring story I am about to feature.
Meet JOHN FELIX SAN JUAN, a.k.a. Kuya Joni, our featured young chef and entrepreneur. If you’re around Angono or Taytay, Rizal, then you might have heard about CHEF JONI’S TAPA-TARAP — that ready-to-cook marinated pork and beef tapa. Yes, you’re right. Kuya Joni is your chef and delivery guy at the same time. He has his innovative secret recipe that transforms a regular meat into an extraordinarily palatable tapa, something perfect for fried rice at any meal of the day.
Launched on Fathers’ Day, Chef Joni’s Tapa-tarap salutes all hardworking fathers out there for all sacrifices for their family. As a young father and husband himself, Kuya Joni believes that there’s always a reason to wake up each day, fry some tapa, and eat breakfast together with the whole family. Everybody needs and deserves a good breakfast (with tapa-tarap) for a whole new day of overcoming all challenges and reaping the fruits of hard labor. This pandemic is just another challenge. This too shall pass.
Currently, Chef Joni’s Tapa-tarap accepts preorders via their Facebook page and delivers free of charge within Angono, Taytay, and Cainta in Rizal. Apart from the original beef and pork tapa recipes, they have also started offering hot ‘n spicy flavored tapas, and their versions of TapKaLog, TapSiLog, and TapBalog. All tapas are offered at very affordable prices. For instance, a kilo of ready-to-cook marinated hot ‘n spicy beef tapa can be availed at PHP470. Wow!
Life indeed is unpredictable. Blessings come in disguise even during the most difficult times like this pandemic, but for a father like Kuya Joni, life continues while providing everything for the future of his kids. Mami Chicklet is always on the side. Together, with their Chef Joni’s Tapa-tarap, the couple continues to inspire others to innovate products and start their own business as well.
Make your first tapa-tarap order now! Visit their Facebook page Chef Joni’s Tapa-tarap.The articulate and profound actor: Zach Callison looked so charming and fantastic as he attended the premiere of “How To Train Your Dragon 2” on June 8, 2014 at the Regency Village Theatre in Westwood, California. Zach Callison looked super cool and stylish on the red carpet of the event as he posed for photographers. Zach Callison also posed on the red carpet with a special friend… ‘Toothless the Dragon’ from “How To Train Your Dragon 2”. Also on the red carpet included “How To Train Your Dragon 2” stars: Gerard Butler, Jay Baruchel, America Ferrera, Kit Harington and director Dean Dublois.
The incredible Zach Callison is the voice of ‘Steven’ in Cartoon Network’s hit show, Steven Universe and voiced the role of “King Tut” in Dreamworks’ “Mr. Peabody and Sherman”. Zach Callison is truly one outstanding and magnificently talented, young man!
Check out more pictures of the terrific Zach Callison at the “How To Train Your Dragon 2” premiere below! I’m glad Zach Callison had an excellent time at the event!
Follow Zach Callison on Twitter: @ZachCallisonPorsche gives us a glimpse of the future of racing with a more environmentally friendly race car called the Porsche 918 RSR. Image courtesy of Porsche. race cars.
When you think of an automobile that’s environmentally friendly, your mind typically conjures up images of a compact, functionally designed car that is slow, but sips fuel producing lower emissions. Porsche has set out to shatter that image and use technology to lessen the environmental impact at the race track.
The 918 RSR features an uber efficient flywheel system that accumulates power and stores it for use when the driver of the vehicle needs it most. The car’s dynamic braking system provides additional power stored by flywheel technology at the heart of the hybrid system.
The result is an extra 75 kilowatts of peak drive power delivered via two electric motors at the front wheels. This extra power contributes to the vehicles peak output of 767 horespower.
This technology makes race cars more efficient, emitting less emissions, providing more power, and less impact on the environment.
The Porsche 918 RSR promises to be just the beginning of what we will see from not only Porsche, but other car manufacturers in the near future.These ruins were once a mighty city used on and off from 1000Bc until 1000 AD. It lay dormant for nearly 1000 years and was found by a farmer wanting good land in 1942. It was not until 1972 when archeologist began exploring the ruins and had it listed with the Mexican Government. It began to be restored in 1994 and it was not officially open to the public until 2002. That is a pretty recent opening so you know many have not seen these ruins.
This is a large site encompassing over twenty acres spread out over relatively flat terrain. Tree shaded trails wind through the sub-tropical rainforest making it enjoyable to explore. While the main attractions are the large Sun God masks, the site has numerous other structural groups to explore.
The site dates from the Pre-Classic (300B.C.-250 A.D) through its peak in the Late Classic (600-900 A.D), and was abandoned around 1100 A.D.
Dzibanche & Kinichna ruins are away from the crowds which guarantees a peaceful and quiet atmosphere, just perfect to explore and an enjoy the relaxing sounds of the jungle and if you are lucky, get to see howler monkey families..
Located in the second biggest rain forest in the continent, Calakmul latest research have shown that it is the most important city from Mayan Classic, with Tikal and Palenque they led the politic organization of the Maya highlands.
Declared a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2002 for cultural and environmental significance, the city existed for twelve centuries (550 B.C. – 900 A.D.)-Fabulous mouth-blown fritted glass with swirls of reds makes these three unique mini-pendants the perfect choice lighting for any contemporary dcor. - Glass shades are 3.25? wide and 13.5? high. - The fixtures include an adjustable eight foot cord with a monorail adapter. - All mounting hardware and accessories necessary for typical suspended monorail installation are included in this kit. - This straight monorail lighting kit includes: easy to cut for desired configuration. LBL Lighting - BKIT-FK8ST-HS268RD#3
We will find the best price for you.The recent dessert the celebrities and the continuous media spotlight makes Las Vegas occupy the tenth place on this fashion chart. There are particular issues you should take note whereas buying designer sunglasses Free Spirit Fashion is a brand new pattern that is generally utilized in completely different areas, but mostly it talks in regards to the newest clothes and accessories developments. Fashion has different touch on areas like interior designs, music and entertainment.
There may be no person who doesn’t like to look good and really feel good and to attain that finish, people are keen to go to any size. To get that look, they go for fashionable haircuts, the newest bikes and a sassy pair of sunglasses. But as you could already know, designer sunglasses are a product only some can afford.
I am unable to wait both! They’re fashionable. Is it high quality?
Buying new and good wanting clothes is form of hard job as a result of someday you need to shop for hours and hours to search out right clothes. Spending few hours for good clothes that fits on you is value while. Once you purchase garments, do not buy too apparel which are too tight or too large. Until you get clothes that fit on your body, it’s essential keep on shopping. Once you find one, never forget to try out in a changing room to see the way you look on new garments.
Sanibel Island Florida is a should for nature lovers and particularly for chook watchers. The J.N.(Ding) Darling Pure Wildlife Refuge is a nationwide treasure visited every year by those whose thought of an ideal vacation includes witnessing nature at its most treasured and pristine. The reptiles, birds and mammals living in this refuge are what makes the island so special. A land bridge from the island offers reliable connection to different elements of central Florida as nicely.
We’ll tell you how in the rest of this article.
â€¢ Work outfit: This piece of silk will be tied tightly across the neck to cover the neck in the material. This gives a flashy formal look, and adding something thrilling to the formal occasion. Play up eyes or lips, however not each Many ladies consider that you could wear striking eye makeup but then have to have a impartial lip, or in the event you put on a coloured lipstick you should be very gentle with the eye make-up. But there isn’t any motive for this caution.
The costumes have been designed by Daniel Orlandi. I’m extraordinarily impressed with the fact that it had no actual classic clothing at all. All of the costumes had been full re-designs, fitted and turned into the funny colourful feast of a movie. The entire film is a nonstop extravaganza of fashion show, overloaded with rainbow colors, stunning fabrics, and matching outfits. I like the ensemble of a pink and white wool jacket, over a super-fitted wool costume, matching the color of the jacket and topped with a pair of white gloves for model.
Conclusion
This may occasionally imply wearing a top, a jumper and a coat. Discovering a genuine designer sunglass may be very tough since there are a number of low-cost, pretend designer sunglasses accessible available in the market. Furthermore the internet has opened up more avenues for these fake designer sunglass sellers.The).
RS485 wireless locks integration
Gardis v2.2 now features RS485 integration with Assa Abloy and Simonsvoss wireless locks. This adds further resilience by enabling them to communicate directly with the controller even if the IP network is interrupted,.
New Cause and Effect engine
The all-new Cause and Effect module fully automates a response to one or multiple inputs (such as an intruder panel for example), so the security operator is assured that the system will enact the required action, without the need for human intervention..
Visual verification
Gardis Pro v2.2 now includes a widget that enables a visual check of an access event (be it via a card, mobile or biometric credential), delivering an image of the authorised person for verification.
Other additions concludes, “All these new functions are the result of close consultation with our installation partners and customers, adding true value-add features that help to improve and refine secure access control operations and the user experience, benefitting any organisation or business that needs them.”Healthy Planet UK
Our goals
Lifestyles
Curriculums
Schools
Political
Branches
Events
More information coming soon!
Saturday afternoon:
1. Water and sanitation in a changing climate - Mala Rao
2. Building sustainable healthcare systems: lessons learned from the UK and around the world - David Pencheon
3. Health and disaster risk reduction
4.
Communicating climate change effectively, and skills for social media and communicating with the press - Tierney Smith
5. Health impacts of air pollution: HEAL's campaign against coal power in the EU – Julia Huscher
Sunday morning:
1.
The international context: what do the post-2015 agenda and UNFCCC process mean for climate change and health campaigns? – Camilla Born, UKYCC/E3G
2.
Healthy Air… for healthier people - Maria Arnold and Andrea Lee, ClientEarth
3. Building an international alliance of health professionals & organisations for action on climate change: how you can get involved - Nick Watts, Global Climate and Health Alliance
4.
Population, sustainability & reproductive rights - Stephen Bown, Population Matters, and Felicia Yeung, Medsin
5. Communicating climate change and sustainability with a health frame: raising the profile of these issues around the IPCC report - James Smith, Public Health England and Isobel Braithwaite, Healthy Planet
Sunday afternoon:
1. Re-imagining the city: inspiring children, informing policy - Shuo Zhang
2. Grassroots action for a sustainable healthcare system: the Sustainable Specialties Network and NUS Green Impact scheme as case studies - Rachel Stancliffe, Centre for Sustainable Healthcare and Paula Morgenstern, UCL Energy Institute
3. Divestment and the UCL Fossil Free campaign _ Pekka Piraiinen and others involved in UCL Fossil Free campaign
4. Healthy Planet’s schools project: designing interactive educational activities - Roshni Patel, Mikaela Lindstedt, Healthy Planet UCL
5. Energy policy, health impacts and future Healthy Planet campaigns: how you can get involved – Alistair Wardrope, Marwan Mansour, Izzy Braithwaite
Mala Rao
is Professor of International Health, University of East London and Honorary Consultant, Public Health England. She established the Public Health Foundation of India's first Institute of Public Health, prior to which she was Head of Public Health Workforce and Capacity at the UK Department of Health. Mala has been an active campaigner for greater awareness of the links between climate change and health since the 1990s, and has led many reviews and addressed audiences worldwide on the subject. She instigated, part-wrote and co-edited the 2009 book, ‘
The Health Practitioner’s Guide to Climate Change’
, and led the writing of the health chapter in the Government of India's 2010 Assessment of the Impacts of Climate Change and a DFID assessment on the subject.;
.
Tierney Smith
is a journalist and blogger with a wide range of experience, working on local, national and international publications. Her work mainly focuses on environmental and climate change communications, including issues such as clean energy, biodiversity and climate justice and has seen her attend international UN negotiations focusing on climate change and biodiversity. Tierney is currently the Junior Editor for Europe at the Global Call for Climate Action (TckTckTck), working to create a more positive discourse around action on climate change..
Camilla Born
recently graduated with a Bsc in Geography from the University of Edinburgh and now works at E3G (Third Generation Environmentalism). Whilst at Edinburgh she worked on a number of additional projects in student politics, theatre, university sustainability, the creative industries, mentoring and environmental activism. Since early 2011, she has worked for the UK Youth Climate Coalition (UKYCC) on a number of projects locally, nationally and internationally. Whilst living in Scotland she was active in a number of environmental networks, bringing a youth perspective to discussions on energy, corporate responsibility and green investment. More recently, as part of the UKYCC international team, she organised a large-scale youth capacity building summit (COY8) and facilitated the Article 6 (education and climate change) youth working group at COP18 in Doha. From early 2013, she began facilitating an informal coalition of organisations to campaign to keep climate change in the UK national curriculum. Alongside her work at E3G she continues to play an active role in the UKYCC as Co-Director, representing the international team.
Maria Arnold
joined ClientEarth’s London office in 2012 as Health advisor for Clean Air. Previously Health Policy Analyst at the Sustainable Development Commission, she has worked to embed sustainable practices within the NHS and Department of Health, and to advocate policy that recognises the robust links between health, health inequalities and the environment. Maria has also managed environmental and public health projects at Southwark Council. She holds a BSc in Geography from the University of Bristol.
Nick Watts has been engaged on issues surrounding climate change and health for several years. He has a background in both medicine and economics, and has recently completed an MA in the Philosophy, Politics and Economics of Health at UCL. He has written his honours and Masters dissertations on large-scale organisational change in health systems and development economics, respectively. Nick has been heavily involved in negotiations surrounding the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) in a variety of capacities. He currently works as a consultant for the World Health Organization's Department on Public Health and the Environment, and as convenor for the Global Climate and Health Alliance. He also works as Head of Project for the forthcoming UCL-Lancet Commission on Climate Change and Health.
Stephen G. Bown
set up and directed the National Medical Laser Centre in UCL, a clinical translational research group dedicated to understanding the interaction of light with living tissue and its use in detecting and treating human disease, from a background in physics and medicine. He has 300 scientific publications and has lectured in 42 countries. Partly retired with a post as an emeritus professor at UCL, he is now a Trustee of Population Matters, a charity dedicated to raising awareness of the importance of overpopulation in addressing so many environmental problems, particularly health-related ones. Within Population Matters, Stephen is setting up an education programme for schools.
Felicia Yeung is director of branch affairs at Medsin, and is currently on the Reproductive & Sexual Health Research MSc programme at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. She will be going back into her final year of medical school next year. She is interested in sexual and reproductive rights, but has also become interested in the intersection with population and sustainability in recent years. Last year, Felicia attended the Women Deliver Conference 2013 where one of her personal highlights was attending a plenary on "Population, Sustainability, and Women's Rights".
James Smith is a public health consultant in Public Health England (PHE), and provides strategic coordination and leadership to PHE’s work on climate change and sustainable development. Prior to working in PHE James has worked in local public health in Suffolk and Bedfordshire, at the Centre for Diet and Physical Activity Research in Cambridge and at the NHS Sustainable Development Unit.
He is a qualified general practitioner and has been a scholar with the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence and an NHS leadership fellow in the East of England. You can find him on twitter at
@drjnsmith
.
Isobel Braithwaite is a fourth year medical student at UCL and national coordinator of Healthy Planet UK. She first became involved in the area of climate change, sustainability and health in her first year of University, through involvement in the Centre for Sustainable Healthcare (CSH)’s
Sustainable Healthcare Education Network
and later interning at the CSH for a summer. She recently attended an international climate summit in Warsaw, with a team of other young people as part of Healthy Planet, and is passionate about creating a network of students who are informed and actively engaged in the issues at the intersection of climate change, health and healthcare sustainability. She has recently finished a Masters' in Public Health - with a focus on Environment and Health - at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and hopes to work in this area in the future.
Shuo Zhang
is a final year medical student at King's College London. She completed her preclinical years at Cambridge University, with a year in Politics, Psychology and Sociology. She is interested in the role of social and community projects in healthcare interventions, having trialled some sessions in primary schools teaching children about climate change and healthy living. In 2010, Shuo organised a conference on Climate Change and Health, focusing on how to make the NHS fit for the future, and currently leads on NHS sustainability for Healthy Planet UK..
Paula Morgenstern
is an engineer with a strong interest in the interface between technology and society. She holds a diploma degree in Chemical Engineering with a focus on energy from the Technical University of Hamburg. Paula has worked as assistant to numerous research projects in Germany, UK and Argentina as well as for a renewable energy provider. In 2011 she joined the UCL Energy Institute and for her MRes she looked at heat metering, which - although commonly considered straightforward - can be challenging in buildings with poor thermal performance. Currently, Paula is working on her PhD, in which she is hoping to improve the understanding of the factors which affect hospital electricity use.
Bios to come
Roshni Patel
is in her third year of medical school at UCL, intercalating in Global Health. She is interested in the discourse surrounding climate change and its links to health worldwide. She is currently looking at climate change, food insecurity and violence for her dissertation, which has led her to think about the root causes of climate change. She feels that advocacy and education are important in creating change, and is one of the schools project coordinators for Healthy Planet at UCL, which has recently been established: the schools team aim to empower children to make sustainable choices in their own lives, and become agents of change in their communities.
Satomi is a first year student at UCL, undertaking Geography BSc. She is interested in such global challenges as climate change in relation to energy policy and sustainable development in local arena. She considers bottom-up movements through local education and training play an essential role in achieving far-reaching changes to people's attitude towards health and environment along with top-down policies from governments. As one of the school projects coordinators in Healthy Planet UCL, she aims to encourage children to be actively involved in creating sustainable communities through their own actions.
Alistair Wardrope
is a third year medical student at the University of Sheffield, following an undergraduate degree in Physics and Philosophy at Oxford, and has been involved with Healthy Planet and Medsin for most of his time at Sheffield. He is currently working on establishing Healthy Planet UK’s policy working group, focussing on health issues in energy and transport policy. He is otherwise mainly found climbing, biking, or getting tangled up in feminist and communitarian bioethics.
Create your own unique website with customizable templates.
Our goals
Lifestyles
Curriculums
Schools
Political
Branches
EventsStore Estrace 1mg Side, 2016 Vivelle-dot 1mg, Cost Delestrogen Malarone
Generic drugs contain the same active ingredients as the original brand drugs.
You will receive a confirmation automatically by e-mail when your order has been shipped and your card debited.
Drug companies that produce generic versions simply buy chemical ingredients and spend money on production, thus they can sets lower prices on their products.
Estrace (Delestrogen) 1mg - Best Cheap Drugstore
Cheap Drugs - Buy Delestrogen (Estrace) Online from $20
purchase generic delestrogen store europe
order delestrogen usa
cheap real delestrogen
buy delestrogen brands
delestrogen 2mg 270 pills $296.66
authorized generic for delestrogen 1mg
mesigyna 1mg online uk boots
cost for mesigyna 1mg walmart
cheap generic estrace 1mg treat menopause uk
delestrogen suppository price
delestrogen 2mg 360 pills $388.03
delestrogen 2mg 90 pills $113.92
delestrogen 1mg 60 pills $54.90
The best combination of reasonable price and outstanding quality!
canadian pharmacy professional
which ok
purchase mesigyna for
jerry achieved zoo between
estrogel cost help
buy delestrogen holland and barrett
delestrogen 2mg 180 pills $205.29
A generic drug simply means that the drug is not made by the original manufacturer, the chemical is exactly the same.
delestrogen 1mg 360 pills $257.63
gynokadin-gel 1mg for menopause brand name vs generic
delestrogen 1mg 30 pills $34.63
online einkaufen
virginia
Become our customer and save your money!
After making your purchase you will get an e-mail containing tracking information for your order.
generic name for stool softener
delestrogen 2mg 30 pills $53.01
buy online usa
where can climagest 1mg
delestrogen 1mg 180 pills $135.99
buy vivelle-dot uk online
online climagest tabletas
delestrogen 1mg 270 pills $196.81
generic replacement gynokadin-gel
As a legitimate online pharmacy, we do not offer any medications that have a high potential for abuse.
Generic Meds for your family - ORDER NOW!
brand mesigyna cheap
brand mesigyna zamiennik
swords risk maria registered
We provide delivery to almost all countries around the world.
cost for gynokadin-gel 1mg at costco
best delestrogen review
We are proud to offer free delivery insurance in case you order amount is $200.00 or more.
train noticed
buy mesigyna online reddit
reminded standing target oh
Please, keep in mind that the time of delivery specified here is the estimated delivery time which is true for most cases, but cannot be guaranteed due to the probability of force majeure events described below.
delestrogen 2mg 60 pills $83.47
mesigyna as well
buy estrace treat menopause pill
costco price
street price per pill
order estrogel 1mg coupon
canada vaistai
delestrogen 1mg 90 pills $75.17
shop gynokadin-gel 1mg tablets
otc canada
delestrogen orally in a single dose
A huge part of a brand drug price consists of research and development costs, and advertising.
buy vivelle-dot for menopause near me
vivelle-dot for menopause aurogra pharma
Your order will be packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection.
generic vancouver
vivelle-dot cost monthly
delestrogen 1mg 120 pills $95.45
plus price
delestrogen 2mg 120 pills $144.38
delestrogen brand buy
order delestrogen pills online
generic gynokadin-gel at sams
head shop delestrogen
climagest generic medication
cost of on private prescription
low estrace brand 5 bucks
mechanic west
delestrogen cost prescription
hugo should sweden yourself
cheap spirotone express delivery, order carafate nz, buy dicloflam in england!
Zim Vigil regular, Swazi national Thobile Gwebu took a stronger line when she heard that King Mswati of Swaziland would be present at the wedding, travelling to London with an entourage of no less than fifty to stay at the super expensive Dorchester hotel. Thobile, who launched a Vigil outside the Swaziland High Commission in London modeled on our own protest, was Yorkshire general meeting. Saturday 23rd April from 2 – 6 pm. Venue: Dock Green Inn, Ashley Rd , Leeds LS9 7AB. Contact: Chinofunga Ndoga 07877993826, Prosper Mudamvanji 07897594874, Wonder Mubaiwa 07958758568, Donna Mugoni 07748828913 14.Buckled Strapped Sandals - Mustard
PW1-66220023_MUSTD
Frame your feet sophisticatedly with these buckle strapped sandals. While the straps provide comfort, the translucent buckle adds a trendy flair.
- Material: Natural Faux Leather
- Lining: PU
- Height (cm): 9
- Width (cm): 8
- Depth (cm): 24
- Heel Height - Loretta D. Feldhous, 101 - Jan 2, 2020
- Ronald M. Westrup, 68 - Mar 23, 2017
- Ronald Bernard Kunstleben, 67 - May 11, 2016
- Normande R. Langlais, 87 - May 18, 2015
- Dennis E. Pfannenstein, 81 - May 16, 2015
- Aurelia Ruegemer, 83 - Nov 29, 2014
- Isabelle M. Zimmer, 80 - Apr 1, 2014
- Boyd Allan Peterson, 77 - Mar 27, 2013
- George John Koroulakis, 86 - Oct 11, 2012
- Ambrose Robert Heurung, 84 - Jul 8, 2012
- Rita Arlene Remington, 60 - Mar 2, 2012
- John Bernard Lansing, 68 - Aug 24, 2011
- Harlan Charles Platzer, 83 - Jun 14, 2011
- Martha Hoffmann, 81 - Mar 11, 2011
- Robert Johannes, 82 - Mar 1, 2011
- Maurice J. Landwehr, 79 - Sep 1, 2010
- Jane J. Nieters, 61 - Aug 31, 2010
- Betty Peterson, 68 - Jul 13, 2010
- Brian James Hatten, 39 - Feb 16, 2010
- Shirley C. Molitor, 49 - Jan 29, 2010
This page shows only the 20 most recent obituaries in Rock.Canada Dry®. Enjoy the best in refreshment with Canada Dry.
- ... Buddhist teacher, and Ethan’s father, David Nichtern joins the Road Home Podcast to bring the luminous into the temporal in a conversation merging Dharma, money, and mindfulness for the modern age.. Along with being an Emmy-winning, Grammy-nominated composer and musician, David is a business consultant integrating meditation into large companies. He is also Founder & CEO of Dharma Moon – a mindfulness-based education platform and global community; as well as host of the Be Here Now Network podcast Creativity, Spirituality and Making a Buck.
Sign up for Ethan’s Year Long Buddhist Studies program on David’s digital mindfulness platform Dharma Moon
Luminous into the Temporal // Dharma & Business
David Nichtern—Buddhist Teacher, Dharma Moon CEO, BHNN Podcast Host, and Ethan’s very own father—joins The Road Home for a conversation bringing the luminous and sublime into our temporal world. To begin the podcast, Ethan dives into core themes from David’s book, Spirituality, Creativity & Making a Buck, surrounding combining business with Dharma.
“We’re trying to bring all this sublime, luminous, beautiful, ground-being into our temporal, everyday world—that’s what we’re trying to do.” – David Nichtern
David Nichtern chats with hilarious and creative business mindfulness man, Jamie Catto on Ep. 23 of Creativity, Spirituality, & Making a Buck
Dharma Moon // Digital Sangha (18:01)
Steering the discussion from economics and billionaires, Ethan invites David to share about Dharma Moon – his mindfulness-based education platform and global community offering workshops/courses, mentorship, and teacher training. Before teasing Ethan’s Year-Long Buddhist Studies program, David describes the beautiful team that came together to create the accessible digital learning space offering programs for beginners scratching the surface, as well as seasoned veterans looking for a deeper dive.
“For me, the most interest piece of my particular life is blending or integrating my creative life as a musician, my entrepreneurial life as a creative business person, and my 100% bottom line is: Is this dharma or not? Is this in alignment with truth, compassion, clarity, wisdom?” – David Nichtern
For the father-son, David-Ethan duo chatting for a cosmic moment, tune into Ep. 11 of Creativity, Spirituality, & Making a Buck
Modern Mindfulness // Right Speech, Right Texting (38:38)
Playing off of David’s hilarious-yet-enlightening mouth-mindfulness idea, Ethan makes a brilliant connection transmuting Buddha’s idea of Right Speech into the modern age of texting and emails. Engaging the landing gears, the father-son duo talk Buddhism, karma, history, feminism, gender, race, politics, duality, Taoism, balance, integration, impermanence, aggression, patience, and our increasing desire to not be defined.
“I think impermanence is a much more powerful sense of reality than any kind of level of psychosis you could manifest to ward it off.” – David Nichtern denounced the detentions as abhorrent, and a violation of U.S. treaty obligations..
The report said that of the total of 2,500 juveniles jailed since 2002, all but 100 had been picked up in Iraq. Of the remainder, most. In Afghanistan, "as of April 2008, there are approximately 10 juveniles being held at the Bagram Theater Internment Facility as unlawful enemy combatants," the report said.
In Bagram, a U.S. military spokesman, Marine 1st Lt. Richard K. Ulsh, told the AP on Sunday: "At any time there are up to 625 detainees being held at the Bagram Theater Internment Facility. There are no detainees being held under the age of 16 and, without getting into specifics due to the frequent fluctuation in the number of detainees being held, we can tell you that there are currently less than 10 detainees being held under the age of 18."
Civil liberties groups were outraged. "It's shocking to me that the U.S. government has not figured out a way to keep children out of adult prisons. It's outrageous, and it is not making us any safer, I can say that about Afghanistan from personal experience," said Tina M. Foster, the executive director of the International Justice Network, on Sunday. Her group brought lawsuits on behalf of the Guantanamo detainees in 2006, and has taken on the cases of adult detainees in Bagram. She said the U.S. military does not release the names of juveniles it is holding in Bagram, so her group is trying to learn who they are by finding Afghan relatives.
"It is shocking to know that the U.S. is holding hundreds of juveniles in Iraq and Afghanistan, and even more disturbing that there is no comprehensive policy in place that will protect their rights as children,"Adele’s landscape work is best described as Contemporary Realism. Working only in oils, on large canvases, capturing a moment of light, adding detail to create atmosphere, making the viewer feel they are actually there. The moment is gone in an instant, but the image left on the canvas leaves us with a feeling of place and timelessness.Adele grew up on the Coromadel Coast and graduated with a Diploma in Graphic Design from ATI after which she worked as a designer in the Advertising and Publishing Industries. She lived and worked in Sydney for many years, returning to New Zealand in 2002, Adele began painting full time. Each new painting brings new challenges, representing the places visited and the impressions that they have left upon her. Always with the view of returning to these places, but excited about what is waiting around the next corner. While wishing to consolidate her present work, Adele is mindful that there are other directions and styles of art yet to discover.
If the painting you like has been sold please contact me as I can create a new one just for you.
Represented by galleries throughout New Zealand, Adele’s work can be found in Private and Commercial collections here and overseas. Commissions are welcome.
CONTACT ME
For any enquiries, commission requests or studio visits, please get in touch.
COMMISSIONS
I very much enjoy doing commission work. More and more these days my clients find me through the internet the discussion is mostly done by email.
Making a painting is a creative process and can take time. We can be in contact to ensure we both know what is expected and the finished painting will be in keeping with my style of work. There is a waiting list and as I only use oils, the time is taken in building up the layers, drying time and the details. A commission also gives me the opportunity to meet new people look at other ideas.
When possible I like to meet a, and any other details including size, approximate price and time frame for completion etc.
Adele Souster - NZ Artist
Video: Tips for Combustion System Care June 25, 2020 No Comments Learning about industrial combustion equipment and appreciating how efficiently it can perform for you will save your energy and maintenance budgets. To read the full article, visit 10 Tips on Combustion System Care. To take advantage of our continuing education courses, visit thermalcenter.bnpmedia.com. All Locations > Colorado > Alpine Rock > San Juans > Northern San Juans > Northern San Ju… > Emma to T.Zero (5.8 5b 16 VI- 15 HVS 4c X)
ID 118946979 · · Copyright Violation?
Rate Photo
Chris Dickson
May 28, 2020
“The register on top of Block Top's highest summit. 32 years old and only 6 entries.”Out-Law Analysis
UK gender pay gap reporting encouraging firms to go further on diversity
Out-Law News | 19 Oct 2021 | 2:28 pm | 2 min. read
The statistics on care homes and estimating the self-funding population in England found that around one in three people, or 36.7%, were self-funding care. The figures also show that there was a regional divide: While the south-east had the highest proportion of self-funders with 45.4%, the north-east had the lowest with 24.6%. And while care homes located in the least deprived areas had a statistically higher proportion of self-funders, at 53.8%, care homes in the most deprived areas had only 21.6% self-funders.
The statistics also show that homes providing care for older people had the highest proportion of self-funders with 49.6%. Care homes providing care for younger adults had the lowest proportion of self-funders with 4.8%.
Health and social care expert Joanne Ellis of Pinsent Masons, the law firm behind Out-Law, said that the figures throw into stark relief what care home operators have been saying for years.
"Many local authority (LA) rates are untenable in their own right and they are dependent upon the ability to charge self-funders more to make LA funded rates work. These statistics show the extent to which operators are forced to rely on the cross subsidisation from self-funders who are being provided with exactly the same service," she said. "These figures will play a key role in informing the serious changes that are needed to create a sustainable care system that is fair for everyone. This is particularly important with the introduction of the new cap - a lifetime limit of £86,000 - on an individual’s contribution as the true cost of care is going to have to be faced."
This is the first time that the ONS has published figures on self-funding of care home residents, relying on data collected by the Care Quality Commission between August 2019 and February 2020 and analysing it using a new experimental method.
Ellis said it was the first time the full extent of the phenomenon of cross subsidisation will be understood: "Currently the only way for many care home operators to make the local authority funded rates work is to charge self-funders up to 40% more. These stats are likely to throw that dynamic into stark relief."
She also said that the report may only cover residential care rather than home care but that this was just as significant to understanding the extent of self-funding: "With the current shortages of care workers, operators have understandably had to shift their focus away from LA funded to self-funded service users in order to prioritise those paying the higher rates. This cannot be the right message for a fair society in general. Currently the self-funders mask the extremely low and in many cases unworkable LA rates."
Only recently, changes to the way in which healthcare and social care in England are funded, including a cap on the lifetime amount payable by those requiring care, have been proposed by the UK government.
Out-Law News
09 Sep 2021
Out-Law Analysis
UK gender pay gap reporting encouraging firms to go further on diversityDecorated Minneapolis cop pleads not guilty in excessive force indictment
Minneapolis police officer Michael Griffin pleaded not guilty in federal court Thursday to multiple federal charges related to accusations of excessive force.
KARE 11 reports Griffin, 40, remains free after posting a $25,000 unsecured bond. Griffin's pretrial hearing is scheduled for July.
"There's a reason we asked for an arraignment today, and that's because Officer Griffin is not guilty. And we wanted to plead not guilty as soon as possible," said Griffin's attorney, Ryan Kaess.
On Wednesday, the U.S. Attorney for Minnesota announced a grand jury indicted Griffin on nine criminal counts, including use of excessive force and perjury.
The indictment alleges that while working off-duty in bars and restaurant, Griffin assaulted people during separate incidents in 2010 and 2011. Documents say Griffin also falsified records about those encounters and lied to authorities about them during depositions.
MPR News notes Griffin earned the Medal of Valor for his response to the mass shooting at Accent Signage in September of 2012. His public personnel file also contains an Award of Commendation from 2009.
Griffin has been investigated more than a dozen times but never been disciplined. He is connected to two police brutality lawsuits that have cost the city of Minneapolis more than $400,000.
The Star Tribune notes Griffin was accompanied in court by Lt. Bob Kroll, the president of the Minneapolis police union.
Ron Edwards, spokesperson for the Black Police Officer's Association, told MPR he suspects that Griffin, who is African-American, "is partly the victim of a double standard," noting that other white officers have been the subject of more expensive lawsuits.
Meanwhile, KSTP reports a group calling itself the Committee for Professional Policing in Minneapolis said the city should not bear the burden for the type of police misconduct Griffin is accused of.
On its website, the group claims police brutality has cost Minneapolis taxpayers $20 million over the past seven years – a number similar to what MPR previously reported.
The group’s organizer solicited signatures on a petition to require Minneapolis police officers to pay for their own professional liability insurance premiums – the same way a doctor takes out malpractice insurance, the website says.
The group wants to place an amendment to the city charter on the next election ballot.
The leader of the Minneapolis Police Federation said the police labor agreement and a state law would block the city from implementing such a requirement.CRITICS WEIGH IN ON EMPYRE #1
When it comes to events Marvel is not short on them. Right now the Empyre event is shaping into an interesting read. You can hear our thoughts on it in full on our latest episode of CITB. But what have you all thought of it thus far is it worth the hype, are you tired of the events, or is this the event you’ve been waiting!Maplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Malmedy, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. Booking.com, being established in 1996, is longtime Europe’s leader in online hotel reservations. See the overview of Malmedmedy, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Malmedy hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists.
With Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed! Malmedy hotel deals include also long stay accommodation Malmedy offers. Take advantage of our exclusive offers and long stay discounts for selected Malmedy hotels' suites.
Unbiased Malmedy hotel reviews written by real guests and many hotel photos are provided to help you make your booking decision.
Malmédy is located in Liege, Wallonne, Belgium.
List of all hotels in Malmedy. By default, Malmédy hotels are sorted by class: the most luxurious hotels in Malmedy are listed first. You can change the sorting order using the navigation bar above. By clicking the first (leftmost) button you can interchange the direction of sorting between ascending/descending.
There are separate sections devoted to Malmédy luxury hotels and Malmédy cheap hotels.
At the heart of the beautiful nature reserve of the Hautes Fagnes, this traditional inn offers an atmosphere at once warm and typical of the region. It has a veranda that opens onto a private garden. Number of rooms: 8.
Mal ... Number of rooms: 14.
This charming small hotel provides you with a characteristic base in the beautiful High Fens area. Enjoy simple, neat guest rooms, the lobby bar with fireplace and the refined restaurant. Number of rooms: 18.
Come spend a relaxing stay in the heart of the picturesque town of Malmedy and enjoy a nice room in this 3 stars. Enjoy the friendly atmosphere of this comfortable hotel and relax in its interior decorated with taste. Number of rooms: 8.
Spend a good holiday in the holiday village of Val d'Arimont, which offers excellent rooms and cottages at the foot of the Hautes Fagnes 3 km from Malmedy. Number of rooms: 20.
Maison Géron offers period-style rooms in an historic 18th-century country house, just over a 5-minute drive from the town of Malmedy. It includes peaceful grounds with a terrace and the local area is ideal for cycling, hiking or skiing. Number of rooms: 12.
We offer accommodation in 2 cottages, an ideal alternative to get closer to nature, with everything designed for maximum comfort and relaxation, and you can enjoy alone or with your family or friends This house, next to. .. Number of rooms: 9.
Au P'tit Bonheur de la Cascade is located in the picturesque village of Longfaye amidst the nature reserve of the High Fens. It offers contemporary style with flat screen TV and free Wi-Fi. Number of rooms: 4.
This bed and breakfast located just outside Malmedy and offers rooms with unique themes. The B & B offers free WiFi in public areas and a cozy bar overlooking the spacious garden. There is a garden terrace where you can look out over the valley. Number of rooms: 6.
L'Horizon Bed & Breakfast has a garden terrace overlooking the Valley High Fens. It offers a whirlpool, infrared cabin and spacious accommodations with free Wi-Fi. Spa-Francorchamps is 1 km away. Number of rooms: 5.
This charming cottage situated in a higher proportion of Malmedy and is ideal for exploring the nature of the High Fens. You can enjoy peaceful accommodation with breakfast in the cozy dining room with fireplace and garden views. Number of rooms: 3.
The Bed & Breakfast Le Malmedy Malmedy is outside the picturesque and less than 4 km from the Spa-Francorchamps Circuit. It offers practical accommodation with free wireless internet and flat screen TVs. Number of rooms: 3.
Located in a rural setting outside of Malmedy, the B & B A La Fontaine offers 2 modern rooms with shared kitchen and spacious lounge. The garden terrace offers views of the green surroundings of the Bulge. Number of rooms: 3.
La Ferme Du Père Eugène is an ancient farmhouse, furnished with luxurious, with terraces, parking and 3 doubles. E 'situated in a very quiet, at the foot of the Hohe Venn, just 10 km from Malmedy and Francorchamps. Number of rooms: 4.
These apartments are located in the center of Malmedy, just 15 minutes drive from the Parc Naturel Hautes Fagnes Eifel. The complex offers free WiFi and an intimate bar with a terrace. Number of rooms: 2.
Suite & The City offers 2-bedroom apartments in Malmedy, just 15 minutes drive from the circuit of Spa-Francorchamps. They have free WiFi, modern kitchens and flat-screen cable TV and DVD players. Number of rooms: 3.
We search over 500 approved car hire suppliers to find you the very best Malmedy rental prices available. You can compare offers from leading car hire suppliers like Avis, Europcar, Sixt or Thrifty as well as budget rental deals from Holiday Autos, Budget, Economy, EasyCar, or 121 carhire. Choose Malmedy car hire supplier according to your preferences. The booking process is secured and is made as simple as possible. You don't have to browse through several websites and compare prices to find cheap car hire at Malmedy - we will do it for you!
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Malmedy are sorted by the approximate distance from thi city centre.
Maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with Google.File(s) not publicly available
Ba'il muzik : Kincha Ngumpulungu songs from the east coast Lockhart River
performanceposted on 06.12.2017, 00:00 by B Charles, Karl NeuenfeldtKarl Neuenfeldt, N Pegrum
The CD is the first time traditional bora songs, previously restricted, have been professionally recorded and produced and put in more general circulation in a contemporary reggae-based form. It also documents language hymns in Meriam Mir and Kala Lagaw Ya languages that originated in Torres Strait.Princewill, reporting in Vanguard April 9, 2002 stated that the half-year report on the national unemployment rate by the Federal Office of Statistics has indicated a high unemployment rate among school leavers and uneducated people. Recently South Africa gazetted that Zimbabweans working in the country, at least two million, should apply for work permits. Stop denying facts on the ground Muroti, with 10% unemployment rate even the government would not bother creating 2. Evidence over the long term is that innovation and the emergence and uptake of new technologies creates more jobs than it destroys. A country where violence seems to be a first resort rather than a last. Twenty six years of age, Tom, as he likes to be called, studied economics at the prestigious University of Cape Town, and then spent another year studying for a masters degree at Sussex University in the United Kingdom.
However, it slumped in 1986 to a zero growth rate and registered negative of about minus 3% in 1987, primarily because of drought and the foreign exchange crisis faced by the country. But, in all honesty, if 95% youth unemployment is not a crisis, what then constitutes a crisis? Therefore, unemployment is caused by a decrease in aggregate demand for firm's goods and services, meaning that they do not produce as much and do not require as much labour - creating unemployment. Criminal behaviour and also criminal record Transient, means that they are currently between jobs and will have a month or two off between one job and the next. Labor costs are cheaper in countries with a lower. Police have responded to peaceful, non-violent and constitutional protests with force, brutality and impunity with the purpose of injecting fear in the citizenry and silencing them.
The effect of this is that, many people are not able to support their families, not able to pay their debts and even worst - not able to eat regularly, supporting their basic needs for survival. The high levels of unemployment that Zimbabwe is experiencing are the sort that usually devastates nations. South Africa produces… 2276 Words 10 Pages manages conflicts is what haunts South Africa to date. She had earlier on said that she was waiting for a call from her ill mother. Volkova 1986 maintained that an unemployment situation is in other words called mass-unemployment when the number of qualified manpower who are unemployed is considerably enough or outnumber that of those in gainful employment. These methods include using averages and growth rates to calculate the range of average, and least squares growth rates.
But the likes of Chivayo will be paid upfront n start splashing the cash on soccer n music,cars n bailing out Fidza from his broke companies. Commercial farming was almost exclusively in the hands of the white minority until the controversial began in 2000. Instead of expanding industries with the acquired profit to create employment opportunities, they lavish them unnecessarily. Do not have enough confidence 4. It also occurred once workers in and gained the skills needed by American companies. The country has reserves of metallurgical-grade.
By 2014, tobacco production had recovered to 217 million kg, the third largest crop on record. Over 70% of the Zim population leaves in rural areas and it is the rural areas that supplies the human capital to the cities and towns. This disease has 5,700 new infections every day, resulting in 240 more every single hour. Less than 5% of the population monopolise 70% of the nation's income. There are simply no jobs out there.
This means that the same national output can be produced using fewer workers. The same disease has one in three people in sub-Saharan Africa infected, and has no cure. Issues in the Global Tobacco Economy. The findings will provide a blue print for government policies towards the reduction of unemployment in the society. This is against a projection of 3,1% annual growth rate, as predicted by the World Bank and Ministry of Finance. It is linked to structural unemployment.
This refers to the difficulty in moving regions to get a job, e. Tendai says she is not going anywhere. A small hint here, everyone becomes much poorer. Poorly paved roads link the major urban and industrial centers, and rail lines managed by the tie it into an extensive central African railroad network with all its neighbours. Another major factor contributing to unemployment in South Africa is the shortage of jobs. And at the levels now being registered 46. Number crunching suggests that unemployment is about 90%.
Angry with lack of opportunities at home, Tom is constantly dreaming of leaving the country. This whole lot is as a result of a number of job seekers who are on the market failing to secure anything. However, they found it difficult to get jobs in new industries such as computers. Such dependence has had no joy being found for the thousands of youths in Zimbabwe who are looking for jobs. Country Last Previous Range 27.
If you are in Zim, go to Employment Exchange to see how many unskilled people are looking for jobs. This has had a significant impact on the Zimbabwean companies. Frictional and structural unemployment occur even in a healthy economy. Sorry, but copying text is forbidden on this website! All legal definitions of unemployment and in particular, the international definition given by Labour statistical assume that the individual concerned is actively looking for work, except in the case of someone who has been laid of where reference to that state might seem superfluous. The investment climate in Zimbabwe is not sufficiently favorable to attract the type of Foreign Direct Investment needed to transform exports.
They loose confidence in themselves and their abilities and frankly are not worth what their employer was paying them in the past. Frictional unemployment Frictional unemployment is transitional unemployment due to people moving between jobs e. Please note many developing countries have missing data. He observed that in any economic system where indigenous technology and local industries were not encouraged and patronized, there tend to be a decrease in the production capacity and, an increase in the dumping of the countries wealth in foreign countries in the name of purchasing foreign goods. State regulation is costly to companies, starting or closing a business is slow and costly. In Zimbabwe, the unemployment rate measures the number of people actively looking for a job as a percentage of the labour force. In her early 30s, plans such as marriage and having children have to wait.This important procedure states that most people with a record next to 21 years of age, even so, not at least 25 is declared the winner. It contains extended in order to attract most of us, and is without exception a genuine sentiment, for the duration of this aspect when they. Pretty much found the experience using the internet Although today’s functions, departing from the primary components of the experience is from its the latest promotes, but individuals some variations in their ranking scheme. Screen will now be referred to as Forty pontoon, that is certainly caused by the inclusion of larger jack concerning scoops nowadays in this edition of these online game..
You can check your favorite shops online and sign happening for latest updates. monster attentive can be agreed profitable if you direct to use every discounts and special offers in time. Sometimes there is a unintended to win even cash or a prize item for passing a survey of a distinct company.
This nutrient rich endowed blood will positively back up your penis cells to massively expand and heal quickly. New cells will then be created just like it did during puberty period.
Consist of audio and video with your mobile online marketing strategy. Cellular advertising is far more than text messages and e-mails. Right now, with speedier mobile download speeds, audio and video are key factors to the effective approach.
Videos (Show All)
YouвЂ™ll subsequently get bigger penis, with an improved vibrant sexual act and vigor. There are a lot of positive testimonials from the real users of this program and you can view some of them on the official Web Page.
If you decide you print themsleves words, computers transports adequate information and facts towards design program, soon after is constantly on the career. Every day does not need to possible until all of the printer is finished, exactly the same model using video poker game. Your pc is definitely designed to create pretty much every plausible holdem poker control, again and again. Inside of the time frame that is needed that you might request a grip, the computer are going to have passed over just about every single feasible line-up 100 time periods. Get to live blackjack game really are gamed the very first time along with undergone The french language, the place where the whole thing combines launched.
- The penis is a muscle and like every other muscle in the body it gets bigger when it is worked out.
- Do this a couple of dozen time and the penis will be bigger.
- Free Ass To Fuck big wet ass sex porn movie black xxx pussy video free blowjob tube video .
Are you aware that about 82% women prefer bigger penis to smaller ones. With bigger penis and solid rock erections always, youвЂ™re sure of satisfying your woman optimally, gives her orgasm upon orgasm. DonвЂ™t let your small penis drives курсы тестировщиков киев your woman into cheating, as 83% of women do cheat on their men due to poor sexual satisfaction. The philosophy behind this technique is aim at pumping more nutrients rich endowed blood and oxygen into your male organ as fast as it could.
In such a showing off you can always get a inadvertent to purchase something in the same way as a nice discount using a coupon or additional possibilities to keep money. Another great feature of this utility is that you can get every updated counsel very nearly online trading and surveys in the USA shops and boutiques.
With explained issues, the computer will carry out what you may command. Critiques you surgical procedure, allow jog, after which you can start additional without the need of interfering with the entire process of the a single one.
To clarify, think of the electronic poker using the net contraption as a general Desktop. It`d be wise to can as a result of that’s what it’s always. Your any big box home will there be, nevertheless it really consists of commands with a view to job.
These may take more time to comprehend in comparison to the general describe, but they are vital to creating a continually profiting online business. This means the lash or restaurant might be crammed, tinselly, and the function slow.
At any valuation, if you map an coffee-break of first occurrence make leftover and stretch there straightforward at 4pm, youll right tens some towards twopence pre-dinner drinks and procure the component to yourself. We recommend all customer who often chooses to buy online to subscribe upon this foster and to get supplementary surveys upon your Email address in time.
youвЂ™ll learn to know that you canвЂ™t achieve any considerable penis growth within 4 weeks. Penis growth process takes time before it begin to manifest, a lot of patient and hard work курсы тестировщиков киев is required to be able to achieve the desired result in about 2 months. But if youвЂ™re in haste and think 2 months period is too long for you, kindly leave the page and go elsewhere.. These microchip comes with a great influence if perhaps you will reap the rewards and / or non-winner when it comes to on-line movies.
Consider giving music or video podcasts, brief sound interviews or live, on-the-scene video clip for your media combine. When social media marketing can be a straightforward strategy in general, you continue to should find out the sophisticated statistical viewpoints and language. Several standard SEO methods will apply, including evaluation the Return on your investment, positioning meta-labels, and determining your magazines affect.Description
FLIP7 Three Filter Kit with SHALLOW, DIVE & DEEP Filters for GoPro 3, 3+, 4, 5, 6, 7
-..Readers ask: How Do Your Become A Travel Agent?
How to Become a Travel Agent in 2021
- Educate yourself.
- Create a business plan.
- Focus on a specialty.
- Consider joining a host agency, consortium, or franchise association.
- Develop and market your brand.
- Become an ACTA or ASTA member.
Contents
- 1 How do I qualify as a travel agent?
- 2 How long does it take to become a travel agent?
- 3 How much money does a travel agent make?
- 4 Is it hard to become a travel agent?
- 5 How do you get paid as a travel agent?
- 6 Do you have to go to university to become a travel agent?
- 7 How much do travel agents make per booking?
- 8 What kind of training do you need to be a travel agent?
- 9 How do I get a job traveling?
- 10 Do travel agents work from home?
- 11 How do I become a travel agent from home?
- 12 Can you make a living as a travel agent?
- 13 How much does it cost to be a travel agent? you get paid as a travel agent?
Travel agents get paid on commission by hotels, airlines and resorts, but many more are charging fees on top of that because of their you make a living much does it cost to be a travel agent?
Depending on your level of commitment to us, we estimate the basic startup costs to own your own travel agency include: Training: $295-$895. Host Initiation Fee: $0. Typical Business Startup Costs: $500.Axis Bank's new metallic card works as debit, credit and_1<<
Anyone using FOREX CARD in CANADA | Canada Immigration Forum_2<<
NetBanking - HDFC Bank/RTGS.Progress is not companies you can work from
Can I transfer my funds from Axis bank Forex card to my
Passwords must not include three or more consecutive repeats of the same character; Passwords must not include three or more consecutive numbers in an ascending or descending sequence
Axis Bank - Corporate, NRI Banking Services Online
Click here to know how to earn Edge Loyalty Rewards on Axis Bank Credit Card Transaction! Personal Login Business Login. Skip to Main Content savings account, Forex and more; Axis Support; Notification. Click to open menu. Explore Products. Retail; Please do not believe any entity using Axis Bank logos & branding to request the public
Borderless Prepaid Card | Multi Currency Travel Card
Multi-Currency Forex Card. A card that offers convenient, hassle-free payments to make Which Account Best Suits Your Needs? Mahesh is a Non Resident Indian (NRI) living in the UK. Please do not believe any entity using Axis Bank logos & branding to request the public for money in exchange for opening a Customer Service Point.
Buy Forex Card Online in India at IndusForex | IndusInd Bank
2016/07/07 · Purab Kohli tells you why you shouldn’t bother with cash and get yourself an Axis Bank Multi-Currency Forex Card instead. #IGotPlans To get the card Axis Forex Card, Foreign currency
How to get best foreign exchange deal when planning a trip
Forex Card; International Fund Transfer At Axis Bank, you can open a bank account suitable to your needs. In a hurry? Open an Axis ASAP Savings Account in 3 simple steps and avail unmatched benefits! Looking for an easy, streamlined way to pay your employees? Explore our
Bank Accounts - Different Types of Bank Accounts from Axis
Important Features . 01 One card for multiple countries; 02 Accepted across 30 million retail & online stores; 03 Save on transaction charges & exchange rate fluctuations; 04 Use for travel, dining, shopping, hotels & entertainment
Axis Bank - Maintenance_10<<
6 Best Forex Cards in India - 2020 (Review and Comparison)
Priority Debit Card . The Priority Debit Card offers premium privileges and services designed exclusively for Priority customers. The benefits of Axis Bank’s Priority Debit Card include discounts on movies, higher transaction limits, free ATM transactions and waivers on issuance and annual charges.
Forex Card - Apply for Forex Card Online at_12<<
Axis Bank Forex Card Archives - Blog-Best Foreign Exchange
Apply for Multi-Currency.
Multi Currency Forex Card Axis Bank Login
2016/09/02 · Well , you need to go to the respective bank branch(US bank ) , On the counter ask them to transfer your money from forex/travel card to your local bank account (US
Travel Card | International Travel Card - ICICI Bank
Earn 250 points every time you load/re-load your travel currency card through Axis Bank Savings Account Spends on Travel Currency Card Earn 2 points for every USD 5 or equivalent amount in any other currency spent on your Travel Currency Card at merchant outlets
EDGE REWARDS - Axis Bank
2016/07/11 · Your holiday abroad should be all about fabulous plans and not paying unnecessary transaction charges on withdrawals. Purab Kohli tells you why getting the Axis Bank Multi-Currency Forex Card …
EDGE REWARDS- Credit Cards - Axis Bank.
Bye bye transaction charges | Axis Bank Multi-Currency
2018/04/01 ·.
A card that reloads anywhere, anytime | The Axis Bank
Buy Forex Card Online - Buy forex card online and get the unbeatable rates on forex card purchase at zero currency conversion charges from IndusForex by IndusInd Bank. Get your Indus Forex Card from 400+ IndusInd Bank branches * You Pay : 0.00 * Charges & Taxes extra. Final rate will be applied at the time of confirmation.
Forex travel cards can help carry cash abroad, but be cautious
Bank Password, Card PIN/CVV and OTP are keys to your wealth. anybody. Continue to NetBanking Know more. RELOAD PREPAID or FOREX CARDS Change PIN. ForexPlus card (All variants) Activate Card; Load Forex ; Manage card - change PIN, block & unblock Login. GiftPlus Card. Manage your card; Change PIN ; View account details; Transaction
.jpg)
Axis Forex Card, Foreign currency Cash, Process of
Will bank charge any markup charge when I load money in HDFC forex card? Is savings account better than opening a FD with axis Bank? I have total of ₹4.65 lac in my existing Axis Bank account. What does "DR card charges annual" mean in the Axis Bank debit description? Is Axis bank doing over charging forex transaction?
Forex Cards: Things to know before buying a prepaid forex
Please Enter ATM Pin *. Copyright © 2016 | Branch Locator; Disclaimer; Terms & Conditions
Axis Bank - Forex Card.
Recent CommentsResearch Papers:
Circulating microRNA-based screening tool for breast cancer
PDF | HTML | Supplementary Files | How to cite | Order a Reprint
Metrics: PDF 2002 views | HTML 2441.
PII: 6786So guys, this Steven Harris Architects home is on the market in Montauk…Should we all pitch in and have a blogger hideaway?
via
Oh my, we sure should.
Gorgeous. I call dibs on the upstairs room!
stephen harris? yay…for sure!
You have a faboulus blog! I think I´ll stay here for a while…. Have a nice day! Love //Pella
Bloggers retreat? Why not 😉
Simply stunning! I’m in! “I got $5 on it…”
brilliant. yes please!! how many meta (a)musers can we gather?
yay! i think we all might need to put in a bit more than $5 😉 haha!
© 2016October 22, 2018 to October 26, 2018 – United States of America This year's Open Access Week events will take place throughout the week of October 22 through October 26, 2018. The events will be held at various locations on the Fayetteville State University campu… Organized by Dr. Linda Wilson-Jones | Type: publishing, in, open, access, journals:, transforming, research, globally
All content subject to a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License unless specified differently by poster. Created by Nick Shockey.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceThe UCL BioResource is a panel of over 10,000 volunteers who have agreed to be approached to participate in future medical research.
Individuals with and without health conditions are represented and the size of the panel is always growing. The blood and saliva samples provide biomarkers such as DNA, these can be paired with demographic and health details to power cutting edge research into links between genes, the environment, health and disease, which enables the future of personalised medicine research.
Anyone can volunteer to be part of the UCL BioResource and we're always looking for more volunteers.
The UCL BioResource is part of an expanding National Initiative of 13 BioResources across England. Some studies can draw on panels across all these local sites for a total of over 60,000 available participants. You can read more about the National Initiative on the NIHR BioResource Website.
Researchers wishing to make use of the BioResource or collaborate with us are always welcome, find more information on the links to the left.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter: @UCL_BioResourceMAGISTRAL
Safe and natural. One of the most effective ingredients in Immunotec’s Magistral is the herb Saw Palmetto. It is used in herbal medicine and may help support prostate health....Another great show for Sileby Kruzsader. Starting off with a win in his halter class and onto our favourite class, the Liberty event. After weeks of searching through music to find the perfect song with a good theme and failing I decided to do a repeat of our 2015 Liberty performance to Elvis Presley’s Jailhouse Rock. Just cant find a song better, perfect length, great theme and a good beat. Cant go past a classic. Kruz didnt let me down and put on a great show, displaying his easy big trot and performing his tricks for the crowd. He was again awarded Liberty Champion for 2017. 2 out of 3 aint bad. A very big thanks goes to the very generous Liberty class sponsor Tamara Mepham.
we finished off the day with a couple of ridden classes and placed second in his height hack class.
Another fabulous show. Much appreciation to WAAHA for their efforts.Why do we let the meat rest after cooking? Do meat, poultry and fish have to reach the same internal cooking temperature? What is the correct technique for measuring the temperature of a piece of meat? These are all questions you will get answered here.
Rest for juicier meat
The children are hungry. You take out the piece of meat that you baked in the oven. You are tempted to slice the coin on the spot to appease the hungry wolf. Resist the temptation! When a piece of meat comes out of the oven, it must be left to rest.
The standing time varies, ranging from 5 minutes for small individual pieces to 30 minutes for large roasts.
This resting time without heat allows the meat to relax and its juices to be redistributed in the room. It is these juices that give the meat this sensation of humidity in the mouth. If you slice a slice of hot meat, its juices will escape quickly. The meat will therefore be drier in the mouth. The standing time is also accompanied by a few degrees increase in the internal temperature of the meat.
Effect of rest on the internal temperature
Red meats
When the meat rests after cooking, the core temperature continues to rise. The heat accumulated on the surface gradually warms the heart of the meat. For example, a steak that is 2.5 cm thick sees its temperature increase by 1 ° C to 3 ° C. The temperature of a roast of meat weighing a few kilograms can increase by 10 ° C to 14 ° C.
What is the danger? Have meat that is overcooked, tough, and dry. How to solve this problem? Simply remove the piece of meat from the oven when it has reached an internal temperature of 6 ° C to 8 ° C lower than the temperature recommended for the type of piece. If you are baking meat at a low temperature (93 ° C (200 ° F) to 121 ° C (250 ° F)), this trick is no longer necessary. At these cooking temperatures, the core of the meat increases very little in temperature.
Whole poultry and fish
As they consist of a cavity, poultry and whole fish are the exceptions to the rule. This cavity dissipates heat as cooking progresses. Whole poultry and fish, therefore, do not accumulate heat. This is why it is important that their internal cooking temperature reach the recommended temperature.
General instructions:
- Lean meat is not roasted for too long, while fatty cuts can be roasted for longer.
- Maintaining the recommended internal temperature is essential for the best results.
- This is important for the flavor and color of the meat but also for keeping the meat tender and juicy.
- The meat is most succulent when the internal temperature is 58 to 65-degree Celcius.
- Bacteria such as salmonella can be found on the surface of a piece of meat, while there are virtually sterile bacteriological conditions inside the piece.
- There is no reason to discourage pink roasted pork loin, tenderloin, and sirloin/veal. Chops, medallions, and chops cut into entire joints may also be red/pink on the inside.
I have wrote about other types of meats and you can my experience with exotic meat on the BBQ here.
Beverly ReevesI have struggled for years to parse Tether’s behavior. It is very difficult to determine which of their inexplicable actions are motivated by incompetence, by negligence, by desperation, or by malice. Were they unbacked because they were taking advantage of their users, because they thought they had no better option, or because they didn’t realize that their disclosure was inadequate? More recent reporting has started to bring it into focus for me, but this post is going to be much more speculative than is my usual ilk. Take statements of fact as that, but when I speculate on the intent of Tether or its executives be sure to keep the appropriate amount of salt handy.
First, recent reporting by Bloomberg Businessweek (archive) has given us a new window into the period where Tether leaves Noble Bank and Phil Potter leaves his role as Chief Strategy Officer. They discuss how John Betts of Noble Bank insists that when Tether banked with him (you should probably read about the period right before though) Tether always had “in excess of 98% of their cash reserves and [Noble] received and validated monthly statements from their other account.” (The other account was in Stuart Hoegner’s name if you were not aware) They also go on to claim that Giancarlo Devasini wanted to invest Tether’s reserves so that they could earn a higher return and that Phil Potter disagreed. The end result was apparently Phil Potter being bought out in June of 2018 for $300 million. (For context the Tether marketcap was ~$2.5 billion at this time)
This period in June of 2018 is when we begin to see some extraordinarily interesting behavior from Bitfinex and Tether. Crypto Capital Corp was not responding to Bitfinex requests for withdrawals so Bitfinex ‘borrowed’ hundreds of millions of dollars from Tether, and in exchange credited Tether with inaccessible funds held at Crypto Capital Corp. This started a pattern of behavior that would eventually result in their investigation (and eventual settlement) with the NYAG. However, that is not all they were doing.
Giancarlo Devasini, the Chief Financial Officer of Bitfinex and Tether, in partnership with Silvano di Stefano, the Chief Investment Officer of Tether started a cryptocurrency hedge fund called BlueBit several months before this in December of 2017. A strange side gig for the Chief Financial Officer of two multi billion dollar companies, but perhaps makes sense if you are building up the infrastructure too much more aggressively invest with the funds that your clients have entrusted you with.
Furthermore, he was not the only c-level Tether executive who was diversifying his employment. Paolo Ardoino, the Chief Technical Officer for Bitfinex and Tether became a director for Delchain, the cryptocurrency focused offshoot of Deltec, where Tether was banking. Delchain then launched Fugur Alpha (archive) (after Paolo was no longer a director) a cryptocurrency focused hedge fund who Bitfinex touted when they were onboarded. Paolo even said (archive) ““It is really rare that a fund of this size chooses to trade almost exclusively in a single location. The onboarding of Fulgur Alpha cements Bitfinex’s position as the go-to venue for major crypto funds, market makers and arbitrageurs.”
None of this is definitive evidence of wrongdoing by Bitfinex or Tether. However, it reads to me that many of their countless errors may have been well-intentioned incompetence, or perhaps even more simply acts of poor judgement and negligence. However, it seems that when Phil and Giancarlo came to this moment in the summer of 2018 the overall tack of the organization seems to change to be much more aggressive, and very distant from their original promise to ALWAYS be backed 100% by cash.
Please enter your email to subscribe to my newsletter:
I also have a Discord server that you can join here.
3 thoughts on “Tether’s Change of Heart”
Hi Bennet, thanks for these blogs which are very interesting. The fog is starting to lift on Tether but there are still some material question marks. I think it is reasonable that a company that manages multi billion $ want to invest these assets conservatively with a small yield. $60bn of capital invested in a duration mix of US Treasuries yielding a blended say 1% is a VERY profitable business for the owners and that is surely a reasonable business model behind a stable coin. HOWEVER any thing more aggressive than that is, if not illegal, then at least quite misleading and disingenuous vs the stated backing and intention of the stable coin. This can all work when the markets are supportive and keep going up but there is a reason normal banks are not allowed to invest all their customers deposits in high growth stocks…. If/when there are some big draw downs or defaults on their commercial paper position this looks like a disaster waiting to happen.
BUT this still does not really address the two key questions I am STILL left with:
1. Did Tether really receive $68bn in CASH from customers wishing to use their stable coin? If so it should be very easy for Tether to demonstrate that these proceeds flowed through their accounts before being invested into bonds, commercial assets etc.
2. WHY is there such a huge demand for the use of Tether? It is quite baffling to see that more than 60/70% of all BTC and ETH transactions are done in Tether. Why on earth is that? The regulated exchanges like Coinbase and Kraken have a MUCH more limited use of Tether. So clearly it is to do with being able to transact in crypto in offshore exchanges. BUT if these off shore exchanges have difficulties getting FIAT on/off ramps i.e. justifying the need for tether then where did the cash to buy the tether in the first place come from?
My gut feeling is that these two questions are intraclinked and are to do with the extreme leverage still being offered on many off shore Exchanges. I don’t believe for a second Tether has ever received $68bn in cash. Instead I suspect they are extending tethers as credit to a range of these off shore Exchanges i.e. they are printing tethers in exchange for commercial paper owed by the Exchanges; no actual cash is changing hands. The Exchanges hold collateral over the crypto purchased by their customers on leverage (use to be 100x but even the 10x now is extreme), but tether itself can claim they are holding “commercial paper”. So far they have managed to avoid a complete collapse of this when there have been major drawdowns (by printing more tether perhaps…?) but I do suspect this will eventually blow up and drag the whole industry with it. Meanwhile someone somewhere is finding a way to onshore a load of crypto bought on offshore exchanges with fictitious (sorry, borrowed) tether and converting that into a lot of cash or other crazy things like NFTs….
1. No. We know for certain that sometimes they were setting up secured lending agreements and the like to issue tethers.
2. It is a useful tool for cross-exchange arbitrage, allows many exchanges to exist without needing to find banking, and is a tool for more illicit uses like capital flight, money laundering, and online gambling
One thing for sure, this is going to make a hell of a movie.Archaeology breakthrough: Viking helmet unearthed in discovery rewrites British history
ARCHAEOLOGISTS in the UK were stunned after confirming that a Fifties Viking helmet was the first to ever be found in Britain.
Kent: Archaeologists discover 3,000 year old bones
Researchers were astounded after new research confirmed that a discovery found 60 years ago was the first of its kind ever unearthed in Britain. Found in Yarm in Chapel Yard, Stockton-on-Tees by workmen digging trenches for new sewerage pipes, the corroded, damaged artefact is a rare, 10th century Anglo-Scandinavian helmet. Led by Dr Chris Caple, the project also found it is only the second near-complete Viking helmet found in the world.
It has been on display at Preston Park Museum since 2012.
The helmet's age has long been a point of fierce debate and contention.
Using evidence from recent archaeological discoveries, researchers were able to finally date the artefact.
Analysis of the metal and corrosion was also used to reveal its past.
Archaeology breakthrough: The helmet is the first of its kind to be found in the UK (Image: Durham University)
Vikings: The Scandinavian warriors first made their way to Britain in the 8th century (Image: Durham University)
Dr Caple, Emeritus Reader at Durham University, said: "It was a challenging project, as the thin iron sheet is now very susceptible to corrosion (it has to be kept in very dry conditions), so it was not simply a question of only showing the date at which it was created, but working out how it had survived until it was unearthed in the Fifties.
"Our analysis showed that it was initially preserved in waterlogged conditions, only later becoming damaged and starting to corrode. Fortunately it was discovered before it corroded away completely.
"Although there are half a dozen early medieval helmets from Britain, the Sutton Hoo and Coppergate helmets being the most famous, this is the first Anglo-Scandinavian (Viking) helmet from Britain.
"The only other near-complete Viking helmet is from Gjermundbu in Norway."
JUST IN: Archaeology news: Earliest known art on British Isles found
Yarm helmet: The artefact is thought to date from the 10th century (Image: Durham University)
The iron helmet is made of bands and plates, riveted together, with a knot at the top.
A protective guard encases the nose with a "spectacle" guard around the eyes - forming a mask-like drop down from the helmet itself.
The design of the piece suggests inspiration from the earlier Vendel Period helmets.
Many have floated the idea that the helmet may once have accommodated a mail curtain or "aventail".
DON'T MISS
Death Valley: Mystery of '200-year-old sailing stones' solved [REPORT]
Archaeology: 5,000-year-old crushed skulls discovered [INSIGHT]
Archaeology: Discovery of mysterious 'sea monster' shipwreck [ANALYSIS]
Invaders: Although invaders the Vikings left parts of their culture in Britain after they left (Image: GETTY)
Lindisfarne: Christians survived the attack on St Cuthbert and wrote about it on the Domesday Stone (Image: GETTY)
An eventual is a flexible curtain of mail attached to the skull of a helmet that extends to cover the throat, neck and shoulders.
It is thought that because of the rugged workmanship put into the helmet, it would have been intended for use rather than display.
This fits with its suggested date of being Anglo-Scandinavian.
The way in which the helmet protects the entirety of the head and face is indicative of the way in which battle had changed by the era.
Archaeology discoveries: Some of the groundbreaking archaeological discoveries on record (Image: Express Newspapers)
As seen in the famous Bayeux Tapestry, by the 11th century armies were larger and used tactics such as shield walls with archers raining arrows down.
This differs from the individual combat of an earlier period where the use of armour would not have been necessary.
The circumference of the helmet is similar to that of other early medieval helmets and would have been worn over a padded cap around 16mm thick.
Viking ship: The Gokstad ship, a 9th-century Viking ship, being found in Norway (Image: GETTY)
The metal is 1-2mm thick and would absorb the impact from a weapon.
No evidence exists to suggest the helmet was decorated to show the signs of having a particularly important owner.
Initially buried in waterlogged conditions, researchers have questioned whether it was deliberately hidden and then not retrieved because, perhaps, something happened to the owner.Microelectromechanicheskie sensors - based Compact Strapdown Inertial Navigation System
Control and navigation systems
Аuthors1*, 1**, 2***, 3****
1. Moscow Aviation Institute (National Research University), 4, Volokolamskoe shosse, Moscow, А-80, GSP-3, 125993, Russia
2. Siberian Aeronautical Research Institute named after S.A. Chaplygin, 21, Polzunov St., Novosibirsk, 630051, Russia
3. Main research and testing center for robotics Ministry of Defense of the Russian , 5, ul. Seregina, Moscow, 125167, Russia
Abstract
Approaches to realization of the neural network (NN) regulator in the automatic control system (ACS) of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) are studied in the paper. UAV flight in the approach and landing modes affected by wind disturbance in the vertical plane is considered. The structure of the NN and modeling of NN regulator training results are presented.
The UAV motion in the longitudinal plane is considered on the assumption of indicator speed stabilization by means of auto-throttle. At a stage of final approach maneuvering the preselected flight altitude is maintained, after crossing the glide path the UAV ACS eliminates the current height mismatch and provides its transition to a mode of holding of desired track coinciding with the direction of the glide path. The appropriate equations of UAV motion are presented in [1]. The UAV control in the vertical plane is realized as follows: under big deviations from the preselected altitude of flight when descending at the preset constant airspeed stabilization the control signal (1) on the elevator drive arrives:
(1)
After the deviation from the preselected altitude of flight becomes less than 10 m, the control law switches to the following one:
.jpg)
where
— coefficients of the control law,
— increments of UAV coordinates,
increments of estimates of the UAV pitch and angle of attack caused by vertical wind derived as a result of estimation by means of the optimum Kalman filter [2]. The first control law (1) provides maximum system response speed when eliminating altitude mismatch, and the second control law (2) provides accuracy in maintenance of the desired track.
Transitions from one control law to another can cause loss of UAV stability. To prevent such occasion the presented regulators were realized on the neural network base which will provide the specified system response speed and continuity of control signal feeding the elevator drive, excluding thereby probability of UAV stability loss.
For creation of training data access there were used files of coordinate data
included in control laws which are obtained by modeling of operation of the regulators mentioned above under various initial data: initial deviation from the desired altitude ΔH and speed of vertical wind Δαw. The following meanings of initial data were taken: for ΔH=0 m, 50 m, 100 m, 150 m, 200 m, and for Δαw=0 m/s, ±1 m/s, ±2 m/s, ±4 m/s. The NN output control signal feeds the UAV elevator drive.
The program of formation, training and testing of NN operation was developed. Results of modeling of NN training for initial deviation from the desired altitude of ΔH=50 m, and a vertical wind speed of Δαw =-1 m/s were analyzed in the paper. It was shown that on the 1000th epoch of NN training the value of a root mean square error amounted to 4.17 • 10-4 .
Thus, NN solution of the control system developed reproduces a command signal with the adequate accuracy.
Keywords:unmanned aerial vehicle, automatic control system, neural network
References
- Bitter V. V., Mikhailin D. A. Informatsionno-izmeritelnye i upravlyayushchie sistemy, 2009, no. 7, pp.3-14.
- Lebedev G. N., Efimov A.V., Mikhailin D. A. Vestnik Moskovskogo aviatsionnogo institute, 2012, vol. 19, no.1, pp.12-16.
DownloadOpen Hours: 24/7 Online ServiceSend A Email: [email protected]
18 rows Since 2003, we've been America's trusted source for gold prospecting equipment. If we don't haveGet In Touch
18 rows Since 2003, we've been America's trusted source for gold prospecting equipment. If we don't haveGet Price
Gold prospecting equipment and gold mining equipment. GoldHog produces and sells gold prospecting equipment to 35 countries around the world. We have over the past 7 years become the industry innovator in gold recovery and gold mining equipmentGet Price
9' Gold Mining Trommel Plans DIY Trailer Mounted Gold Prospecting Equipment. $19.95. $19. . 95. Get it as soon as Thu, Dec 10Get Price
Gold Prospecting Equipment, Metal Detectors, Snake Gaiters and More! Download August 2021 Nuggets of News Learn about new products and more by downloading the latest issue of Nuggets of News and Knowledge e-newsletterGet Price
Black Cat Mining is a stocking dealer of gold prospecting equipment, including gold pans, sluice boxes, concentrating equipment, and more, as well rock tumblers and parts, geology tools, metal detectors and other great gearGet Price. You can learn a lot byGet Price
Gold mining equipment sniper suction pump w bucket & sluice adaptor $125 (chc Chico) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting. $2,100. favorite this post Aug 6 Proline / Honda 2.5 inch Gold Dredge High banker comboGet Price
Dec 20, 2020 The best prospecting backpack is the ALICE backpack, also known as an All-Purpose Lightweight Individual Carrying Equipment. ALICE backpacks were originally designed for military use but have found new purpose as backpacks suitable for carrying around heavy prospecting gear
Mini Pocket Sluice Box for Gold Prospecting 14 8 Inch Gold Master 3D printed. $27.99. Gold Pan Panning Classifier Mesh 1/8 Screen Sifter W/FREE Vial! Prospecting. $27.99Get Price
Stone Crusher Auction In South Africa
Between Bowl Mills And Pulverizers
Small Scale Crusher Price In Gabon
Used Mining Equipment In Russia
Hammer Crusher Factory Crusher For Coal New Fine Crusher Suppliers
Production Cylinder Hammer Crusher Manufacturers
Polyester Spiral Press Filter Dryer Fabric Conveyo
Types Of Primary Crusher Mining Ethiopia In Uganda
Briquettes With Rubber Bushings
End Mill Sharpener Machine
Gold Mining Companies In The Usa
Gold Mining Equipment Manufacturers New Zealand
Crusher Mines For Sale In Austral
Smsmall Scale Triple Roller Mill
Pet Bottle Crusher Machine For Sale
Overland Conveyors Sulfur In United States
Cement Grinding Wikimapiasanghi
Copyright © 2021 Firoox Mining Machinery Company All rights reserved sitemap Privacy PolicyChannel your inner sports champion with our technical-focused winter sports products, made in collaboration with French skiwear brand ROSSIGNOL.
Stand out on the slopes with this Rossignol ski jacket, featuring a warm stand-up collar and eye-catching Tommy Hilfiger branding.
Highlights
• Stand-up collar
• Zip-thru
• Two waist zipped pockets
• Rossignol X Tommy Hilfiger logo on sleeve
• Rossignol X Tommy Hilfiger branding
Shape & fit
• Our model is 1.76m and wears size S
Composition & care
• 43% polyamide, 42% polyester, 15% elastaneStyle #: WW0WW28451
Keep up with our latest news and get 10% off one purchase.Job Information
Sysco Outbound Warehouse Supervisor in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania
Company:
US0075 Sysco Philadelphia, LLC
Zip Code:
19148
Minimum Level of Education:
High School or Equivalent
Minimum Years of Experience:
1 Year
Employment Type:
Full Time
Travel Percentage:
0
JOB.
Successfully engage and lead individual and team discussions and meetings.
Apply all relevant policies in a consistent, timely and objective manner.
Capable of working with peers and associates from other departments and shifts proactively and constructively
Work in a disciplined manner and capable of following established procedures, practices and comply with local, state and federal regulations..Great people to do business with, I stay here regularly and the restaurant is good and the rooms are above average for a regional hotel, always comfortable. The beds are wonderful as is the hot shower and the in room amenities. Paper at breakfast and nothing is too much trouble, Robert, Grace and Alana are excellent at what they do to make your stay good, I will be back again soon.More
- Free Wifi
- Free parking
- Visit hotel websiteProduct Features
- Keeps performance horses in top body condition during peak season
Description
Promotes growth and maturity in young horses, helps under-conditioned horses to gain needed weight. Safe for pregnant mares, decreases incidence of colic caused by overfeeding of traditional feeds. High energy concentration and calories permit lactating mares to maintain proper body weight.
Dosage: Mature horses - 4-6 oz per day when idle, 8 oz per day during show and performance; Breeding stallions - 4 oz per day out of season, 8 oz per day in season; Breeding mares - 8 oz per day; Weanlings and yearlings - 1 oz per 100 lbs body wt.
$55.51
$14.18
$314.87
$37.95Raising & Storing Common Herbs Ag & Stewardship Workshop
Time & Location
About the Event
Join the Ag & Stewardship Club on Friday, October 23rd for a LIVE webinar from 9 – 11 AM and prepare to unlock the full potential of your herb garden. Don’t have an herb garden? That’s okay!
Mallory Kelley, ACES Regional Agent & Horticulture Specialist, alongside Debbie Boutelier, Herbalist and the Past President of the Herb Society of America, will teach you what you need to know to start and maintain an herb garden at home. They will also teach us about the various culinary and homeopathic uses of herbs, just in time for the holidays! Click here to view the flyer.
Whether you were thinking about testing our your gardening skills with herbs, preparing a delicious fall feast, or looking for useful home-made gifts for the whole family, this Ag & Stewardship installment maybe the right one for you. This is a free webinar, but registration is required. Click here to register!
To learn more, please contact Community Involvement Coordinator Katy Garren at katy@pikeroad.us or 334.495.4123.
Common Herbs is the October installation of the 2020 Agriculture & Stewardship Seminar Series. This event is presented in partnership by the Alabama Cooperative Extension System and the Town of Pike Road's Ag & Stewardship Club, an ENHANCE initiative committee.Game Pocket Manager for Minecraft nằm trong danh mục Entertainment
Pocket Manager mod allows you to “fully” and partially take control of the world Minecraft Pocket Edition. Pocket Manager mod adds a special interface with which you will be able to realize different opportunities, for example: to change the weather, set time, restore their health, to create a new spawn point and more.
In the same mod Pocket Manager provides a very convenient equipment in which you will be able to find all the blocks and items that exist in Minecraft Pocket Edition. If you install a mod that adds in Minecraft PE some sort of set of blocks and items, they will automatically be added to your inventory.
All the blocks that you take from the inventory show your id, which gives an in depth study IDs of some blocks in MCPE.
Every time you will enter the world of Minecraft Pocket Edition will download data and files mod Pocket Manager.
Features:
A comprehensive set of tools:
To clear the inventory.
The restoration of hunger & health.
Creating new spawnpoints.
Change the game mode.
The change in the weather.
The change in time.
The ability to give yourself any item from inventory. This will replace the Toolbox because the inventory will be all the stuff the items that will be added to the mod.
How to use Pocket Manager?
After you download (enters) peace in the lower right corner of the screen will be a button “PM” ( Pocket Manager ). The location of this button can be configured in the mod options on this later.
The GUI Manager Pocket very easy and intuitive in its use. On the right side, the inventory contains all blocks and items that exist in the world of Minecraft Pocket Edition. Also, if you have installed a mod that adds some items in MCPE – they will also appear in this inventory.
To get some sort of piece, click on it, and use the slider to specify the number. After that click on “Add” and things will be received in a predetermined amount.
On the left is a quick adjustment button of some features in the game, namely: change the time of day, changing weather, creating spawnpoints and more.
Use “settings” to adjust the position of the button “PM” and the size of the slider in Minecraft PE.
To exit the graphical interface the Pocket mod Manager, click the button “Exit”.
Important Consumer Information: requires Internet connection to download additional content (network fees may apply); contains direct links to the Internet and social networking sites intended for an audience over
*added support for the latest Minecraft PE
*bugs fixed
*stability greatly improved
Version 1.0
Developer Den Trinev
Uploaded 2020-04-05
Filesize 5.3 MB
Version 1.0.9
Developer City Dating App LLC
Uploaded 2020-08-28
Filesize 19.4 MB
Version 1.0
Developer Tom Room39
Uploaded 2020-05-24
Filesize 5.5 MB
Version 13.3.3.5
Developer Wapo y Wapa Limited
Uploaded 2020-08-26
Filesize 36.0 MB
Version 1.2.7
Developer Lyrebird Studio
Uploaded 2020-05-10
Filesize 12.1 MB
Version 2.0.11
Developer Jimmy Huỳnh
Uploaded 2020-07-05
Filesize 12.2 MB
Copyright© 2017 Tổng hợp ứng dụng và Game hay cho điện thoại Android của bạnMado makes his SpitFireHipHop debut with his new “What’s Wrong.” Mado joins us today for the first time with his new single, and wants to know why people are out here hating. “What’s Wrong” has […]
Tag: Mado
Jae Hu$$le, Dax Mpire & Mado Shine On “It’s Beautiful”
Jae Hu$$le, Dax Mpire and Mado bring the sun out on “It’s Beautiful.” Jae Hu$$le, Dax Mpire and Mado connect for this new single. We have to start with the production when it comes to […]
Jae Hu$$le Drops “Kemp and Payton” Feat. Mado
Jae Hu$$le releases “Kemp and Payton” featuring Mado. Jae Hu$$le and Mado come together as one to create the energy needed when two elite MCs feed off each other. It’s like Kemp & Payton. These […]
Dray Yard Drops “God Flow” Feat. Mado and Indigo Phoenyx
Dray Yard drops off his latest release in “God Flow.” Belarus Producer Dray Yard releases his 11th single from his upcoming album, “Rugged Gems Made By Rusty Razors, Book II.” This “Godflow” features Mado and […]
Indigo Phoenyx ft. Mado & Frankie Waffles – Broken Glass
Indigo Phoenyx debuts on SpitFireHipHop with her ‘Broken Glass’ single featuring Mado and Frankie Waffles. Indigo Phoenyx has a message for you. You should not stay up late if you are afraid. Indigo Phoenyx connects […]The description of Casino Station – Online Game Center App
Download Casino Station – Online Game Center latest version apk At the Casino Station, you can enjoy various casino games with free coins. You can choose your favorite game and play it immediately, and you can compete with players from all over the world in the rankings while listening to the magnificent orchestral sound. There are also have events, mini games and game center that using coins can be play. It’s up to you to increase or decrease coins.
▼ Recommended for the following persons
Like free games that can kill time!
Those who want to experience casino games easily
Those who want to play card games
Those who want to enjoy bingo or roulette
Those who like table games
Those who want to play racing games
Those who want to enjoy slots etc.
▼ Introduction of some casino games. Coins are required for the following games.
【Card】
Black Jack
Jacks or Better
Baccarat
Caribbean stud poker
High and Low
Red Dog
Pai Gow Poker
【Slot】
Space Adventures
Lucky Christmas
Aladdin Lamp
Lucky Slot Machine
Book of Treasures
Amazon Royalty
Red Captain
【Table】
Keno
Scratch Fruit
Craps
Horse Racing
Dog Racing
▼【Game Center】 The following games are required 100 coins per play.
Classic Bowling
Baseball PRO
3D Billiards
Real Estate Tycoon
Mahjong Deluxe
FreeCell Solitaire
Snake Attack
Pyramid Solitaire
Balloons Creator
Route Digger
Flick Soccer
Car Racing
Barbarian
American Football
Carnival Duck
Swimming PRO
Rummy
Reversi
Supermarket
Backgammon
Flight Sim
Jump Land
Parking Jam
Golf Solitaire
You can also play many other games.
▼ Important matters
This Casino Station is a game.
It does not offer the opportunity to gamble with real money or win real prizes. Even if you practice in casino games, there is no guarantee that you will succeed in gambling with real money in the future.
Bug fixes
UI Design Correction
Attention!
Casino Station – Online Game Center is free to download. as defined in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Besides, devices should have access to network as this is an online game.Room Type: Technology Classroom
Seating Capacity: 40  room are 2 Speakers on the front wall. These speakers project Playback and Public Address audio.
The following are included in the system:
In the rear of the room is a confidence monitor. This monitor will allow the user to view the source that they have displayed on the projector/display, while facing the audience.
To see how to control the confidence monitor please see:
Located in the technology rack is a Windows Computer. It runs off of the most updated version of Windows.
Applications::Matchday 15 of the Ligue 1 will see Bordeaux welcoming Brest on their home turf, at Matmut Atlantique, on Sunday, 28/11/2021, at 14:00.
Commercial content | 18+ | T&C's Apply | Play Responsibly
Matchday 15 of the Ligue 1 will see Bordeaux welcoming Brest on their home turf, at Matmut Atlantique, on Sunday, 28/11/2021, at 14:00.
Bordeaux got only a point from their last game in the previous matchweek as they played 3-3 with Metz, and are currently ranked 16th. Brest managed to get one over on Lens and beat them by 4-0 in the last round, placing them in 13th place currently.
Learn more about Bordeaux vs Brest odds in our analysis below.
Out of last 10 matches in the Ligue 1, the home team have won on two occasions, with a total of 9 matches that they scored in. The visitors has managed three wins, scoring in all.
If we were to analyze the odds, Bordeaux is viewed as a favourite with 42.02% chances of winning their game, priced at 2.38, against Brest, which only have 34.84% chances of coming out on top, priced at 2.87.
In Bordeaux’s last 10 Ligue 1 games, there have been a total average of 3.9 goals per game. On the other hand, an average of 2.7 goals have been scored Brest’s matches. In these matches, Vladimir Petkovic’s squad have managed to record 1.8 goals per game and have allowed their opponents an average of 2.1 per match. Michel Der Zakarian’s team have managed to record 1.5 goals per game and have allowed their opponents an average of 1.2 per match.
Looking at the average odds of 1.79, we can see that there is a 55.87% chance that this match will end with over 2.5 scored goals.
The record for Bordeaux’s last 10 games states that both teams have scored in 90% of them, and for Brest it’s 80%. The previous time Bordeaux missed a chance to score in a game was in 3/10/2021 when they suffered a loss at the hands of Monaco. During this season of Ligue 1, Brest has scored at least one goal in every game they played.
With an average odds of 1.63 there is a 61.35% chance of both teams scoring in the match on Sunday.
Looking at last ten Ligue 1 encounters between Bordeaux and Brest, the hosts have been victorious four times, while two ended up in favour of Brest. Also, there were four matches that have ended in a draw.
The last meetup of these two teams ended in Brest’s win with 1-2.
Their last 10 h2h matchups saw an average of 2.4 goals per game, with Bordeaux scoring at a rate of 1.4 goals per game, while Brest have been scoring an average of 1.0 goals in each match.
Care to see what the best bookmakers think about the Bordeaux vs Brest match? SmartBets is here for you and allows you to read predictions about this game as well as any other forthcoming Ligue 1 games.
Disclaimer: The odds are prone to change and may have changed in the meantime, keep in mind that this Bordeaux vs Brest match preview was published on Tuesday, 23/11/2021.When I moved in with my boyfriend just over two years ago he told me he would soon be redecorating the lounge. Well, three years later, we’re still stuck with the same tired looking sofas and worn carpet. The room is cosy, but very dark, which can be somewhat depressing in the winter, especially because we get minimal light through the window anyway. So I’ve decided to start gathering some inspiration in an attempt to get the project going before winter rolls around again.
I have so many creative ideas rattling around my brain as to what I could do with the space and I know I could spruce the place up at a low cost. I plan to scavenge bits and pieces from skips and recycle existing furniture.
The theme: rustic
I’m going for a rustic theme in a way that brings the outdoors in, with some splashes of colour. I’d like to incorporate animal elements into the design too, potentially using a woodland creature theme wallpaper.
I’ve split the project into three core areas; wallpaper, furniture and furnishings and I’ve created three separate mood boards showcasing my ideas. Perhaps I’ll provide some inspiration for any decorating projects you’re doing at the moment.
Wallpaper ideas
I’d like to paper one of the lounge walls and keep the three other walls a neutral colour. I’m happy to spend the bulk of our budget on wallpaper because I want something that’s unique and not available from somewhere like Homebase or B&Q because I think the designs lack originality. It’s important to me that if you’re going to use wallpaper in a room it needs to be exciting to look at, like it describes some form of narrative so you never get bored of seeing it. That’s why I’ve decided to go for bright, bold animal themed prints.
If you’ve seen something you like, here’s where you can get it.
From left to right:
- Harvest Hair Wallpaper from £60 per roll from Fabrics&Papers
- Night owl wallpaper by Arthouse £18.98 per roll from Wallpaper Direct
- Exotic birds on branches wallpaper – out of stock but the link to the listing is on my Pinterest board
- Flights of fancy in cream by House of Hackney, £148 per roll available from Wallpaper Direct
- Insect wallpaper in orange by Vivienne Westwood, £70.00 per roll from Occa-Home
- Owls and twigs wallpaper by Wallpaper Republic Laurie Forehand, £135 per roll, from beat.
- Woodland owls in green by Fine Decor, £8.99 per roll from Wallpaper Central
- Tropical birds by Cole & Son, £72 per roll from Designer Wallpapers
Furnishings
Furnishings describes carpets, curtains, shelves and ornaments. I’d like to use rugs and cushions to add colour and animal motifs throughout the room. Some of the items featured are no longer available but I’ve tried to include links where possible.
From left to right:
- Terrarium – featured in The Telegraph’s article about enclosed gardens designed by Ken Marten
- Bulb cage pendents by BenclifDesigns – unfortunately this has been sold but there are similar items in Ben’s Etsy store.
- Lumber wood recycled into wooden flooring – from my pinterest board
- Feathers blank cards by MilesOfLight. These are £7.82 for 6.
- Lace inside embroidery hoops – easy make you can do yourself!
- Animal pillow cases from Garnet Hill – no longer available but there are plenty of other designs to chose from.
- Vintage rug source:
- Inside look at someone’s log cabin, source:
Furniture
For the furniture, I’m keen to use natural materials like solid wood as well as reclaimed objects like crates for shelving. Here’s where I’ve taken my inspiration, from left to right:
- A living room outdoors source:
- Reappropriated crates – you can get these from any grocers source:
- Aspen sofa source:
- Woven textile blankets source:
- Logs – I like the surface pattern of these
- Checked armchair by David Seyfried
- Wooden cube shelves – make these yourself with reclaimed wood
- Leftover wood coffee table by Lara Donatoni Matana
- Tree branches for coat hangers source:
There’s still a lot more for me to do. And a you can see, many of my ideas embody free materials that need to be upcycled so the project will be quite involved. Luckily my other half is a gifted carpenter so I’m sure he’ll be able to turn something out quite quickly.
If you would like to keep up to date with my new lounge project or if you like some of my ideas, you can follow my New Lounge Pinterest Board.Ang
Gold Mining in South Africa: 1911-1999 Year Output Contribution Contribution to Contribution Contribution Total Avg. value fine kg. to world prdn. govt. revenue toGNP to exports employment per fine oz. (thousands) (percent) (percent) (percent) (percent) (thousands) (Rands) (U.S.$) 1911 257 37 7 20 64 215 8.5 1921 253 51 9 13 63 194 10.7 1931 338 49 12 16 69 233 8.5 1941 448 37 42 18 n.a. 410Get Price
The Minerals Council South Africa and Harmony Gold, in partnership with RIIS, have launched a call for proposals for an innovation showcase of Ed-Tech solutions that are changing the future of South Africa. We are looking for training innovations that will enable miners to operate more safely, healthily and productively, assisting in the journey towards zero harm production. Read more aboutGet Price
Jul 14, 2021Get PriceToday Rachæl and I went on an epic bike journey. We have turned away from derailleurs and gears and fight the terrain with just our wits and bodies. It was outstanding.
 ending of life must never be accelerated by individuals in the profession of medicine. These men and women are the guards to life, living, health, wellness and vitality. They must never grow comfortable in ending this fussy situation called "alive". Having tools near by that can accomplish a task, does not mean that those tools are the best for the job of the termination of all experience for an individual. Medical persons work undisturbed on the project of strategies for living, prolonging life, romping in fields, pain reduction and so forth.
Better equipped for the ending of life, the men and women of our armed forces.
I propose a situation in which a simple form is completed, signed, notarised and reviewed by non partial board of professionals, such as figure skaters, owners of hockey teams, politicians, journalists and distillers. Once the form has been approved, the military leaders in local area will provide choices. Considering the logistics and desires of the individual making the request to end their life.
This service can be offered to citizens who are not terminally ill for a nominal handling fee. If you are terminally ill, this will carry no cost.
I also propose that the military handle all forms, rituals and activities concerning death and dying, during peacetime and when involved in low level engagement. The current death industry in caught in some sentimental loop of flowers and brass. The modern secular dying or dead person needs something else. They demand efficiency, high technology and discipline. I want for myself, for my friends; the option to be buried at sea, to be used as biological weapon to spread pestilence or to be laser guided into a new land, along with tonnes of attractive cluster bombs. The military can achieve this. They must now bravely diversify their portfolio and deal with all levels and forms of death that have for too long burdened medicine and business.
Now I, a human, has one of these machines.
My computer is called a minimac, it is made by a company named after food. Capitalist always want to be needed, needed like food. Naming a company after a generative, susceptible to spoilage fruit makes sense. Terrible sense.
I was busy, thinking of ways to add useful complexity to my life when I under took the project of "logically" dividing the platter in my tiny computing machine into two partitions. Each partition would hold an operating system. The food one and another, named about a sense of inclusiveness and something else positive. The operative system would, revel to me what rooms filled with people sitting before screens were doing with their hours. I would understand their labours, they would help me with mine. Shifting, coloured light would, in mighty panels of incandescence cause goodness to blossom. Or something. First I needed, a helpful rectangle declared to me 10 gigabytes, (GB) of free space on the platter for this particular situation, I moved this and removed that. I got to that number. I was ready.
It did not work. The tool, the platter divider, displayed a subtle, disquieting error, like a nudist in the arcade filled with consumers. A series of numbers, normally used to describe quantity in single, friendly digits, instead revealed; to the 10th power, a negative total. These numbers did not belong, the tool did not work. A point of darkness fell open.
I gave the small machine new more familiar instructions. take the data from a disk of moving pictures, spill it on the platter, that would not be divided, then squash that data into a single file of a particular size and order, do this while I sleep.
In the morning, this task of corralled data butchery remained undone. There was a pause button, on the image of the collection of electricity, that promised to perform the instructions I gave the night before, I selected it, to prevent this application of instructions from dominating my computing communication, synthesising labours, pay cheque of the day.
Something began during the day a small breath between actions. Focused on a myriad of tasks, I ignored these split seconds. Then a rectangle emerged to the front of my work. It told me I was running low on disk space. I felt vertiginous. I deployed a number to tools to discover where this mysterious 9GB came from. No measuring tools could locate it. My work space was shrinking around me, like the skin of a dead animal on the sand. The system I used to duplicate my data in the unlikely event that I need to scour my main plate of information clean, was not responding.
I noticed the dot, inside the picture of a magnifying glass. I clicked on it. It told me it was "Indexing my drive", it told me, that it would never finish this task. I looked for the index file. I found it, the file was invisible in a invisible folder. I was told it occupied 0KB of space. Lies. More tools were directed at the problem, the context was altered in a number of ways, a friend was called. He told me a story of woe and deception as perpetrated by the very same picture of a magnifying glass, he told me of a special tool that would correct its wayward behaviours.
I placed that tiny file on my tiny, folding computer for later. More diagnostic tools on the mystershrinkingcomputer drew me pictures of cylinders, empty and slowly being filled. Things were broken these pictures told me, as sheets of glitch poured by. My invitation to these diagnostic tools proved fruitful as eventually they declared, "All things are right again!" I was glad. Once again in the regular context, the tool Sherlock used to discover clues was "indexing", forever. The special tool, as discussed over the phone, was brought out, it told me of this and that, and in a very nonplussed way, told me that the giant file was indeed being collected. It presented me with a number of choices. I chose to stop the gathering of super invisible data and delete it and to begin again, from a fresh. All of this was executed in a matter of moments. The duplication began to roll again, the index was also soon completed. I noticed other things around the house, the sun was setting. I could hear children laughing in the distance. The minimac was not spoiled, the delicate sand drawing of data would be present for one more day.
Today I used a rubber stamp, 9 times. I have begun to order my reading material, to create more of a river of words that the cloud which exists today.
A foam chair, bolted to a deck, attached to a system of propulsion wrapped in metal, plastic and glass. The people in the car stare at the faint light of gauges, a rushing landscape; they pull and shove at levers and spin a wheel. They go, sitting still. Tied down tight.
This machine, when it began, replaced horses dragging painful booths. Now it is something else. A container for sexual and social fantasy, a conduit to power, a narrative of desire, translocation and regression.
As the machines spin in parking lots, intertwine at intersections, they perform sadomasochistic dances of flashing metal and taut rubber. The individuals inside these shells are the entrails of a old creature from the centre of our thoughts.
I organised all of the cd-rom and dvd-rom archives I have accumulated over the past decade. This took many of my hours. I organised the disks into sleeves, in a box and corresponded these to database on my computer. The disorder that this previous non-system had existed in is now a memory, like the terminology that describes cd-rom and dvd-rom archives.
Also as one who runs a bee hive, I have consolidated my printed photos into one, terrible place, rather than a number of booklets and cases. I feel as if I have broken down a honeycomb structure to reveal a tasty, valuable core. This perhaps is not the case, but it feels good.
Humans ending that faintly comprehended thing called life of another, is usually understood via that act to ended a facet in their own life.
This act of removing is the greatest transgression possible. Societies which grant their judiciary, government or bureaucracy the ability to kill, is according to their actions, killers. This taints the institutions which have directed those crimes and provide poor guidance to people who surround these institutions and fall within their shadow. This is a sacrifice, serving no purpose other then a demonstration of power, in which was probably what any killer wises to communicate. The ritual is in that it appears to have been arrived in a fair, social manner, this step is often included.
This has often been noted. This is just a reminder.
Today, I watched Apple Inc. release a suite of software that will allow people who know how to write computer programs, do some work and have their programs run on two apple products.
Watching the different business men, from different specialities, flatten out on the screen, talking about technology, saying the word "excited", in a modulated monotone has a certain instructive, comedic value. the younger businessman rippling in discomfort, and finally towards the end of his session, releasing a clenched, staccato laugh. I worry about him.
In 2 hours I will begin my 33rd year alive.
I am waiting for my cab, it is about 20 minutes later than I had asked it to be. Speaking on the phone, before the phone was packed. Now falling from the sky, rain, standing beside a totem pole of my possessions: a large brown trunk, an orange duffel, a black back pack and 2 tiny folding tables, packing taped together. The cab arrives, the containers are contained in the cab, we are off.
The cab driver asked if I am Indian, no, I tell him all about my complicated family tree.
At the terminal, my bags and trunk are heaved upon to a ViaRail baggage cart, we roll to the desk, the woman, behind a glass wall, see my bags, asks me their weight, I don't know, she tells me they cannot move anything over 75 lbs. I place my trunk on the handy, nearby scale. It is 112 lbs.
I protest, she calls some guy (I think the driver)
He reiterates the 75lbs rule.
She tells me the rule again. I ask what to do. She tells me I have to send it via freight, that I will miss the next bus, that I have to take a cab 2 blocks down the road to Greyhound Courier Express. I am livid. I consider my options.
I am rolling the cart to Greyhound Courier Express. I get there, soaked, in this squat, shitty bunker. This is where a helpful asshole educated me on the obvious and well known knowledge that nothing over a 100 pounds has ever been sent to Victoria. That WCB regulations does not permit shipping items over 100 pounds, that even if he was engulfed in a passion to drag my trunk over there himself, the law would stop him. I ask what happens when people was to move things to the island, he tells me to hire a moving company. A complex curse from many lands has been placed on him, and the business he represents.
I remove a number of items from the trunk. The weight is 99.5 lbs. Money is exchanged and the trunk is now off. 12lbs is 1 can of soup, 1 bottle of detergent, a liquid soap dispenser, an orange enamel bowl, a 250GB hard drive a jacket and 2 towels. All are in greyhound garbage, except for the detergent and the hard drive (Thnkas for noticing that, RDS). I will never let go of my detergent.
I get back to the bus station, and I indeed have missed the 3.30 by 5 minutes. I end up chatting with a two folks about just how annoying this day is turning out. They also have troubles, I listen attentively to the stories of just missed buses and MP3 players in jackets, and a possible sinking of our ship.
I end up telling one of them all of my troubles I have ever endured during the bus ride to the boat, he laughs. I guess it is pretty funny. We trade stories until a post dinner parting. I watch a movie on the eeepc. Homecoming was all tales of woe.
The next day Rachael and I wander down to the terminal to pick up the trunk and it is not there, it is a 20 minute drive away in the Greyhound Courier Express depot, not the bus terminal. I chat with the Greyhound Courier Express fellow on the phone, ask him about bus routes, he tells me the 31 is the one. Rachael see one roll by the terminal we are at. It rolls away as I jog behind it.
Later she and I were waiting at a bus stop, a Greyhound Courier Express cube truck drives past us. On its door, it is written "Door to Door Service". I call the fella again and ask about some door to door action. It is reserved for Monday to Friday only. Silently in my head I imagine a giant fish falling from the sky and smashing his building into powder, my trunk flying through the air and landing beside me. His dismembered hand following a moment later, still holding the phone receiver.
Another day has past and I am just about to catch a 31 bus and visit my trunk.
I took the 31 to some such road and disembarked too early. The blocks here are very long. I walked, up a hill, down a hill, past a glowering family and post advertising a lost cat and a request for a home, I walked until my shins, creaking under my girth complained with pain. The trunk was here at the depot, I chatted with the fellow I cursed with fish death earlier and felt bad, he is not deserving of such a end. The coffee maker vase broke, I had packed beside my favourite rock. I suppose I never really liked the coffee it made, it was a modified french press without the press part. The glass was given to the fellow behind the counter.
When asked to write about my favorite emerging artist in Mexico, I chose Miki Guadapur partly because he defies the very category of what it means to be 'emerging' onto a contemporary scene driven more at times by flagrant careerism than a consistent desire to articulate something, whether that something have popular appeal or not. I say this after almost a decade of working in artist-run, alternative spaces, most of which quickly become subsumed into an endless cycle of discovering new talents to the benefit of more mainstream institutions, and then having to start the whole process all over again. It's not a very interesting structure is it?
Miki Guadapur is a musician, visual artist, and most importantly, an entertainer who, over the course of the last decade, has become a cult figure in Mexico City, and abroad. He is adored and respected by many but still assumes an attitude of self-deprecation and marginalization that says more about his unwillingness to participate in the system, than his ability to do so. He exudes a creative energy that is at once, weird, sweet, funny and intensely critical (at times bordering on unbearably negative). Above all he is completely and utterly sincere and suffers because of it. He's like that adolescent freak whose genius was recognized by so few-shunned by the popular kids you knew would never amount to anything. But then you grew up and you realized that the world is controlled by those same kids, or maybe others who learned how to play the game a little later on in life. And that's why you love Miki so much.
Today is the day in which everything I own (save for a select few), are bundled together and will be whisked away by burly movers on Thursday morning.
I have a few things for sale on craig's list. Please check them out, buy them, tell your friends and so on. One is a
wireless network card, the other is a RAM chip. They were both removed working from a laptop that stopped working. The loss of the little computer was a sad time for me, but I am fine now.
A puffy, bejacketed boy and his friend walk past me, he fashions his fingers into a hand gun and shoots me in the head with a verbal bang as I pass. I spin and face him, he drops his gun and shoots out my knee. My head is filled with thoughts, imaginary bullets. Should I beat him up for the good of humanity? If you shoot someone in the head and they are still alive, it would be a better strategy to shoot them in the head again. I turn again and continue walk.
Hey its hailing.
When you are working to remember something you forgot and you remember it, the quick desire to forget your forgetting can overwhelm the fragile remembered.
Last night Ryan and I drank beer and conjured up a few LOL cats. These ones have legs. Vote for them.
Today I am scanning some old photos, sipping coffee, listening to music I encountered years ago. Yesterday I spent some time with a good friend, we chatted and lightly plotted. Later we saw some art. That fellow moseyed and Rachael arrived, she and I looked at more pictures, drank some beer. Moved to the home base, we parted to spend more time with different friends for the evening. Where I ended up, I meet with wine, chicken, and the social. The Holy Mountain was on the telly.
(01:32:20 PM) Rodney: I am listening to "metal fingers in my body" by add n to (x)
(01:32:26 PM) Rodney: know the song?
(01:32:29 PM) Michele: i just discovered of montreal
(01:32:30 PM) Michele: no
(01:32:45 PM) Rodney: tis grand i will send you the video
(01:32:57 PM) Michele: cool
I wrote a poem about my co-workers and our shared experience.
the sky exhausted of light, our bodies evacuate the desire to continue living.
this desire demands light in exchange for its presence.
this desire screams to recline into the warmth and glow of the yellow hell, burning so far away that the smell of charred atoms is missing.
this fugitive betrays self preservation, creating the unpreserved, unpasteurised vacuum. christmas, sodium bisulfate.
Today there is a new site, much the same as the old site, only different and waiting for coffee and creating stationary.As many of you may know, Sony has disabled hardware assisted virtualization on most, if not all, their Vaio branded laptops. This is a pain in the arse when you need to run programs which need hardware assisted virtualization like, VMWare, VirtualBox and Microsoft’s XP mode for Windows 7.
Here’s what I did to enable it (briefly):
- Make sure your CPU can actually support VT-x. Most Core 2 Duo and newer CPUs should be compatible.
- Created a bootable USB DOS startup disk.
- Added the SYMCMOS program to it.
- Booted into the DOS environment and ran the SYMCMOS program.
- Edited the outputted file. You have to find the register to edit and change the [0000] to [0001]. In my case, my Vaio was a CR353 so the register I had to change was 05BB. A comprehensive table of all the BIOSes of the Vaios can be found here.
- Saved the file back onto the NVRAM
- Reboot.
That’s briefly what I did to enable VT-x on my machine. You can find a more thorough guide here.
I can now virtualize 64bit OSes and run Microsoft’s XP Mode. Have fun.
Please note that although this shouldn’t brick your computer completely (if it doesn’t boot, just remove the CMOS battery for a minute and put it back in) but in the slight chance it does, I accept no responsibility for damages caused. Use at your own risk.
3 thoughts on “Enabling VT-X on Vaio laptops.”
Thank you so much, Tangrs.
Hi,
I have a sony vaio vgn cr353 laptop. I installed Oracle’s Virtual Box 4.1.6 (the latest todate). i also installed a Mac OSX Snow Leopard as one of the VMs. when i started the Mac VM it asked that the VTx be enabled in the BIOS but lo and behold none can found. Fortunately, i found your post and your success story of enabling the VTx feature of the Intel T8100 processor.
Pardon me for my ignorance, but where can i get the SYNCMOS program you mentioned? May u pls provide me the link to it or if the file is a small one, may u please email me a copy? Thanks.
where can i get the SYNCMOS program?
You can find it in this threadIt’s time to engage with virtual theatre organically and not use it just as a tool: Anuja Ghosalkar
The Bengaluru-based documentary theatre-maker features in chapter one of TheatreRoom’s talk series on ‘theatre and digitality’
“But we miss the actors and the panoply of a live performance on stage.” That’s how almost every conversation about virtual theatre seems to end. Indian theatre is at the cusp of a transition which may not wholly conform to the ‘community art form’ proposition, but is certainly more interdisciplinary in nature.
More experimental than traditional, more accessible (depending on Wi-Fi, of course!); and less formal, the digital expanse is a curious new world that’s best experienced organically. Sprawling across our phones and laptop screens, it’s probably safe to say that online theatre is no longer in its vulnerable infancy. Even institutional theatre now seems to be taking cues from it to serve the audience with a seamless experience, which before the social-distancing era was not much pondered upon.
Speaking at the first edition of TheatreRoom’s talk series on ‘theatre and digitality’, documentary theatre-maker and founder of Bengaluru-based collective Drama Queen Anuja Ghosalkar tells us why she feels that virtual theatre is not only about live Zooms; it’s a discourse that will continue only when we engage with it more and not assume it to be the interim. Excerpts:
Embracing the digital, but not giving in to triumphalism
Although the politics of digital is complicated, I consider this an opportune time for performance-makers. We’ll need to continue learning the language of the online world and strive to understand its aesthetics to get better at it. In India, however, the problem of unequal access to electricity and the internet also hinders the way art is consumed. Yet one has to persist, because we want to reach out to more audiences and communicate with them.
I am not cynical about the digital space, but I am also not giving in to triumphalism. There’s a fine balance between what we have lost to the pandemic and what lies ahead of us. While I know the pitfalls of the digital, I am also critical of how theatre was constructed in the past. If the virtual space is ‘elitist’, didn’t ‘gatekeeping’ exist earlier? But now can we move toward a theatre that is more equitable? Perhaps, yes.
Institutional theatre must respond to the changing times
The question of digitality is not limited to individuals or independent theatre-makers. The entire ecology needs to change, and that also includes institutional theatre. They need to re-examine how they do audience outreach, how they disseminate information as well as their ticketing structures. There have been instances in the recent past that point out that holding on to older ideas can impact the economics of theatre and limit our earnings. Without having to surrender to the digital impulses, institutional theatre can look beyond live-streaming of plays and accept the virtual medium in its organic form and not just as a tool.
The pandemic has changed the way we — as a community of actors, performance-makers and audience — perceive, comprehend and interpret theatre. The experience of the past two years has been traumatic for humankind. It has altered our body, mind and habits. In many ways, there’s probably no going back to the theatre again. Or perhaps, we’ll go back as different beings, to which the theatre must respond.
Pandemic projects and collaborations..
The ‘Lonely Hearts Club’ desire-erotica project started in a jiffy around the time the first lockdown was imposed in India last year. Buoyed by the number of contributions we received and the manner in which it was accepted by the audience, we are working on a part virtual and part in-person performance this year. This is likely to open in September.
In 2020, I also collaborated with my colleague, German dramaturg Kai Tuchmann for a virtual reality project that was showcased at the Serendipity Arts Virtual (SA Virtual) 2020. Currently, I am working on two essays, penning down the language used and the learning from these initiatives.
Besides that, I am working on another global project, called ‘White Money’. It’s again a research-based project that explores how money travels and my role as a cultural agent within this context. ‘White Money’ began in Germany by Flinn Works’ Sophia Stepf and Konradin Kunze, with artistes participating from Nigeria, Iran, Egypt, Tanzania and myself from India. If things go as planned, my performance will open in Germany this November.
Additionally, I worked on a performance called ‘1984 Back to No Future’, in association with Gob Squad. This was part of Drama Queen’s virtual residency with the British-German arts collective. The project investigates the collective popular imagination of the early 1980s. Music videos, photographs and newsreels were among the primary objects used during the workshop. It was the coming together of the complicated notions of science, nation, popular culture and what the future holds for us.
Interdisciplinarity in theatre is inevitable
We are in this moment where we have to work with other forms. Interdisciplinarity is simply unavoidable in terms of performance-making. We need to know camera angles; understand filming; and even have basic knowledge of coding and the different algorithms that are virtually carrying my performances to the audience.
For the various virtual projects that I have been involved in during the pandemic, I have worked with archivists, visual artists and academics. This allowed me to look at things from a completely different standpoint. Interdisciplinarity encourages one to relearn things and that I think is a great moment in itself.
Artiste and director Amitesh Grover’s cyber theatre production, called ‘The Last Poet’, which also opened during SA Virtual is a fantastic example of interdisciplinary work. It actually engages with the language of the online world. Similarly, artiste Mallika Taneja’s ‘Allegedly’ also takes into account the nuances and the form of the virtual space. These two projects find resonance with how I perceive the digital and the kind of work that I want to make.
To keep the discourse alive and take it to a larger audience, we also need journalists and academics to write on this moment of theatre and digitality. It’s necessary to document the historical track that we are trying to create and also critique our work. We all are in a collective conversation, trying to build a new ecology in a changed world. The sooner we acknowledge the learning and better we get at our practice.Hi, welcome to visit!
Stone Crushing Machine : Citic crusher - We provide customers with a variety of good quality construction and mining crushing equipment, and optimize the combination of various types of equipment to meet different process needs.
2000-4000th Fixed Crushing Station Widely used in open-pit coalmines metallurgical non-ferrous metal and other semi-continuous mining processes CITIC HMC designa and manufactures world class crushing stations in fixed and semi moble designs. Crus
2008 6.1m x 6.4m SAG Mill 1 off in production Autogenous millsAG Mill semiautogenous millsSAG Mill The CITIC autogenous semiautogenous mills are utilized to grind run-of-mine rock or primary crusher discharge.
5-1000 Tph Spring Cone Crusheramp; Mine Spring Cone Crusher. ... CITIC IC wear parts of high press grinding roller amp; roller sleeve amp;High Pressure. CITIC IC Cement Rotary klin parts ring amp; Raymond mill ring. Professional Cement Rotary Kilnamp;cement factory. Mining Impact crushing plantfine Impact Crusher.
Aug 29 2008 CITIC HIC has received an order a PXZ1200 Primary Gyratory Crusher for the Luanchuang Molybdenum Project in China.
CITIC crusher Pxz series. Process 1Crusher frame casting 2Crusher Frame Machining. 1 Crusher Frame Casting. 1 Crusher Frame Machining. Leave Us a Message Visit us. Building 17 Xiyuan international Qingdao Road Jianxi District Luoyang City Henan Province China. Call us. â€¦. crusher industry china . crushers northern china heavy industriesGrinding Mill China. The Gulin product line consisting of ...
CITIC Heavy Scrap crusher. china mining equipment australian mills for sale. Citic Heavy Industries Co Ltd MadeinChina. The subsidiary Luoyang Mining Machinery amp; Engineering Design Institute LMMEDI is the largest organisation for technology development and research in mining machinery in China It specialises in Research Development and Design of equipment and turnkey systems for the ...
CITIC HIC has developed single toggle AUTO JAW Crushers range to suit both the Mining and Aggregate Industries. AUTO JAW Crusher are heavy duty design focusing on productivity availability reliability ease of maintenance and safety. Refer our detailed brochure for more information. Get price; Citic Heavy Industries Mining Global Mining News
CITIC HIC has received an order a PXZ1200 Primary Gyratory Crusher for the Luanchuang Molybdenum Project in China. 29 August 2008 HZL Agucha Project Order HZL has placed orders with CITIC HIC for the supply of a 7m x 4.1m SAG Mill and a â€¦.
Citic Hic Limestone Hammer For Crusher Parts Find Complete Details about Citic Hic Limestone Hammer For Crusher PartsCitic Hic HammerCitic Hic Crush HammersHammer Crusher Parts from Mining Machinery Parts Supplier or Manufacturer-Luoyang Zhongtai Industries Co. Ltd.
CITIC HMC manufacture a range or Primary Gyratory Crushers to suit both the Mining and Aggregate Industries with an installed based operating since 1997.
Citic ic stone hammer mill crusher hammers Metso Crusher hammer such as clinker crusher hammer and raw material hammer is one of the core parts of hammer crusher.Our hammer crusher parts:crusher hammer use refining vacuum castingdirectional solid and etc technicals to increase the grain refinement and make the hammers performance achieve the ...
CITIC Pacific Mining Management purchased the mining rights over the property from Mineralogy a company owned by popular entrepreneur Clive Palmer in 2006 and initiated construction in the same year. The project employed 4000 people during the peak construction phase. The project was completed in 2014 approximately four years behind schedule..
CITICMC -The largest mining equipment and cement equipment manufacturers in China.CITICMC is a global supplier of technology and services to customers in the process industriesincluding MiningConstructionMetallurgicalEnvironmentalPowerChemicalMarineCastingamp;Forgings.
Crusher gyratory grinding. Inventory ID: 3C-EG01. SANDVIK Model CG850 60 x 113 Gyratory Crusher 800 kW 1072 HP motor. Includes Spare Head amp; Mainshaft Assembly. Crushing Grinding Mills Mobile Crushers VU System Auxiliaries Beneficiation. Crusher. ZENITH's stone crushers are designed to achieve larger productivity and higher crushing ratio.
Crushing Sale Citic China Ball Mill. CITIC HIC is a manufacturing base for equipment 2x85MW Ball Mill and a 11m x 54m 2x85MW SAG Mill being the largest in China Crusher are heavy Get Quote. 
Fluorite crusher fluorite ore improved a lot
Four in-pit crushers from Germany â€ the largest installation in Australia with capacity to crush 4250 tonnes of ore per hour per unit. The conveyor carrying crushed ore from the mine to the concentrator area is 2.4m wide and 1.7km long. The largest AG mills in the world theyâ€™re 12.2m in diameter and 11m long with 28MW gearless motors.
Gyratory CRUSHERS CITIC HIC. 2015-7-28 â€¦ to 1200mm and capacities of 8000TPH.
Gyratory crushers citic hic. mining crushing hoisting washing gearing citic hic pxz gyratory crushers series ii 1200mm and capacities of 8000tph. combined with high speed 600rpm and a range of eccentric strokes high reduction ratios are possible resulting in higher mill production rates. the pxz series
Gyratory crushers mining. Gyratory and jaw type gyratory crushers are more broadly an integral part of semi-mobile and stationary processing plants used for primary crushing of bulk materials in ore mines and the natural. 1:00Mining Truck Feeds Gyratory Crusher 152 Apr 29 2017YouTube911 Metallurgy Corp.1:02Gyratory crusher at Dolese Bros ...
Gyratory Crushing Citic Pxz 1375Ii. New head nut system for gyratory crushers Mining New head nut system for gyratory crushers Technofast Industries a global hydraulic fastening company has deve gyratory crusher for mining 27 Division mirpur12 pallbi. â€¦
Hammer Crusherï¼ˆ Hammer millï¼‰ Supply Ability: 200 SetSets per Month Production capacity: 5-150th Port: QingdaoTianjin Shanghai or others Feature: Wear resistance Easy maintenance Compact structure Profile of Hammer crusher Hammer crusher hammer
Jun 15 2014 CITIC HIC manufacture a range of Primary Gyratory Crushers to suit both the Mining and Aggregate Industries with an installed based operating since 1997. â€¦
Mobile VSI Crusher Product Overview: YD series ...
Nov 18 2020 Crushers Market 2020 Global Industry Research report 2020 covers a detailed study of the Crushers Market size growth and share trends â€¦
We provide quality and efficient solutions to our global customers>
kilncast glass, steel 19″W x 37″H
Foundry Gallery celebrates DC’s historic passage of the same-sex marriage bill with a timely show called ‘Celebrate Gay Marriage‘ in January 2011. The gallery had invited artists to submit art work for a juried show that depicts and celebrates gay marriage. Awards for the best pieces will be presented at the Opening Reception on January 7.
The gallery will present a talk titled ‘Artistic:
The Foundry GalleryAUGUSTA, GA, September 28, 2017: LOOP, a recruiting agency specializing in technology and cyber security, is moving downtown.
Founded in 2015, LOOP has carved out a niche performing HR advisory, recruiting, and staffing services for a number of Augusta’s leading technology firms, including Augusta-based software giant TaxSlayer.
“LOOP is a crucial contributor to our company’s growth, leading multiple successful searches for executive-level talent,” said Brian Rhodes, CEO of TaxSlayer. “I look forward to the continued development of our business partnership as they make their move downtown.”
LOOP’s relocation is part of a broader trend toward revamping downtown Augusta as a thriving technology hub. Co-founder Charlie Wall has been closely tracking this development, and he believes his young company is making a move at just the right time.
/>“It was important to us to be close to our strategic partners, and to be actively involved in the resurgence of downtown,” said Wall. “We think we are well-positioned to partner with energetic, technology-driven companies in the area.”
One of the companies Wall is referring to is Unisys, a global managed IT firm. The average age of LOOP’s recruiting team is 29, making them suited to serve Unisys’s goal of reaching Augusta’s young IT talent pool.
“LOOP’s ability to find and attract young technology professionals has been an important part of our talent acquisition strategy in Augusta,” said Dale Dye, Executive Site Director for Unisys’s North American locations. “The relocation downtown further cements their place as a leader in the growing cyber and technology movement we are experiencing.”
Milestone Construction is a commercial construction company licensed in Georgia, South Carolina, Alabama, and Tennessee. The company offers a range of construction services, including pre-construction, construction management, general contracting, and design-build services.
“Moving downtown will give us a chance to be at the heart of something special in our city, and downtown’s upward trend is something we are very excited about,” said Miles Dunstan of Milestone Construction.
3D Development is a full-service real estate development company that specializes in single-tenant, net-leased retail projects. The firm offers its development services nationwide, with additional offices in Texas and South Carolina. 3D Development has been doing business in Augusta since 2010.
For more information about the project, visit
About LOOP: Connecting people, professions, and innovative ideas, LOOP offers a full circle of Human Resource Solutions including Professional Recruitment, Contingent Staffing, and HR Advisory Services. To learn more about LOOP and how we can help businesses and job seekers, please visit, call (706) 922-7654, or email info@looprecruiting.com.
Press Contact:
James Williams
LOOP
1100 Frazier Drive, Augusta, GA 30909
706-922-7654
jwilliams@looprecruiting.comActivy game encourages to cycle and run to and from work. That is why, one of its unique options is the ability to set your workplace on the app.
In order to do so, you need the enter the open competition bookmark: "Open Challenge" and click on the "hamburger" button (top left corner). Afterwards, on the bottom of the list, choose „Set your workplace”, which will transport you to another screen. That is where you will be able to set the location of your workplace, to which you commute everyday. There are three ways to do so:
- Swipe through the map, so that the pin is located on your workplace
- Type the name of the street, where your office is located
- Type the name of the company, for which you work for
Approve the location and start your activity.
The workplace can be changed only once during an ongoing contest edition. Even if you work remotely from a few locations during the week, it is not possible to set a few workplace locations or change the Headquarters. This constraint prevents multiple modifications of the Headquarters’ location and collecting an excessive amount of points.
However, if you take part in a contest other than „Open Challenge”, the Headquarters are determined in advance for everybody and cannot be changed by a single user. It is not an issue, to have a few different Headquarters’ locations set, each in a different competition. Bonus points will be awarded for each of them, depending on the circumstances.
In order to detect a ride to/from work, certain requirements must be met, more information here —>-January 15, 2003
First school for the deaf and hearing opens its doors
From: SABC News, South Africa - 15 Jan 2003
The first inclusive primary school for deaf and normal hearing children opened its doors in Queenswood, Pretoria today. This is the first school of its kind in South Africa.
Eduplex Primary School took in 21 grade ones and six of them are deaf. It's a school with a difference, because deaf and normal hearing learners sit in the same class and receive the same tuition without sign language. The school caters for English and Afrikaans learners.
Rosa Kleyn, the head of the school, said that this school provided hearing-impaired children with the same opportunities as those children who have normal hearing.
The deaf children undergo a strict selection process to make sure they can be taught alongside normal hearing children.I love comfort foods! I grew up eating so much wheat and cheese that I crave it when I am feeling bad. I go through times when I feel just awful. My stomach hurts, my muscles and joints ache and I get migraines. When I am struggling like this my body does not want much food and I find certain foods make me feel worse. After experimenting with different diets I have found that during these times I need to steer clear of grains and starches. What feels best is raw foods. But raw food did not feel very comforting to me until I found cashew cream.
Cashews are the most amazing nuts! They are so versatile and they blend up smooth and creamy. I use them as the base for many dips and sauces. This Vanilla Cashew Cream is simply divine. Dip fresh organic fruit into it or drizzle it over a fresh fruit salad. It can even be use as the cream in a parfait! If you like vanilla you will love this. It feels so comforting to me. It hits the spot when I am craving something sweet and creamy. On top of all that it is so easy to make! So grab your blender, make some of this Vanilla Cashew Cream and treat yourself to some healthy comfort food.
Vanilla Cashew Cream: Raw, Vegan
Ingredients:
- 1 and 1/2 cups raw cashews
- 1/2 cups filtered water plus more for soaking
- 2 tablespoons organic coconut oil
- 2 tablespoons raw local honey or 4 soft pitted dates
- 1 tablespoon of good vanilla
- dash of salt
Directions:
Put the raw cashews in a bowl and cover with filtered water. Let soak for 2-4 hours. Drain and rinse well. Put the soaked cashews and all the other ingredients in your blender. Blend until smooth. Scrape down the sides if necessary. In my Vitamix this takes about 30 seconds. In a less powerful blender it will take longer. Chill for two hours. Enjoy!
You can store this cashew cream in the refrigerator for several days in a sealed container… if it lasts that long! I store mine in a glass mason jar.
4 thoughts on “Vanilla Cashew Cream: Raw,Vegan”
This looks delicious! I will have to try it out. I have been on the look out for something like this for a few weeks now 🙂
let me know how you like it! I am sitting here enjoying some right now!!
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’ll be sure to! Enjoy 😀Finding a reliable service with WordPress plugins is hard. That is why on the example of Supsystic we will show you why this company is successful. Web developers spend hours on finding the most suitable design and plugins for their blogs, online stores, and other projects. There is no problem in finding WP plugins, the […]
Become an Expert in Gardening in a Few Clicks
Are you about to start gardening? We know how to get more knowledge and experience faster. Reading reliable resources is a key. Read this article to know more about them. When you start something new, there is always a need for high-quality information which will explain how to do it right. Speaking about gardening, there […]
The advantages of converting your files to DOC
If you still hesitate about converting your files to DOC, take into account the advantages that you can get by taking this step and look for the fastest and most effective online tool to complete this task.
How to Make a Stock Trade with CapitalXp
Today, we’ll explain how the beginners can trade stocks online. The process itself is quite easy but might seem hard if it’s the first deal ever. CapitalXp has dedicated managers and personal assistants to help the client trade. They work 24/5 and will gladly help you with any issues. When trading stocks, the first thing […]
Listen, Download, Enjoy, and Share – the best music for everyone
Would you like to discover something new in the world of music? For example, the website allowing you to listen to music online and download it for free? Then, log on to Rildi and forget about the outside world! Only the best music is gathered there for you to enjoy. There are many facilities granting […]
Channel trading strategy guide in Forex: definition and features
The channel strategy is well known and successfully used by both novice and experienced traders in Forex. The point of the channel strategy is that the Forex market never stays static. A channel strategy is used when a certain price band, or channel, is clearly visible or.
What are push notifications and how to enable them?
Below you will find out about the features of implementing web push notifications. You will learn what push notifications are, why they are needed on the site, and how to implement the pushes so that it is as efficient as possible and brings the best result.
Getting unique WordPress plugins by Supsystic
It is always recommended to install plugins on your website. There are many reasons for that. If you want your website to look original, get WordPress plugins by Supsystic that will make your site more appealing to visitors. These are unique plugins that you should definitely install.
How to play Slope unblocked online for free
Slope unblocked is a great running game, in which you need to use keyboard arrows to direct a moving ball through the narrow paths of the labyrinth. But be careful –there may be an obstacle behind each hump that will destroy your ball. The collision with the wall may also result in the destruction of […]
Show box App Offers the Best Features to The Users
Are you still looking for websites to watch movies online? Today, your world will change forever. Meet the Showbox app which works with most platforms and delivers you free movies in HD quality. Intrigued? Things get better. You can sort them into your own lists for convenient usage, download them on your devices and share […]2020
Online
Link: View/Download
Link: View/Download
General Instructions for filling up the Application Form
Students applying for the M.Sc. have to fill up the application form on the official site.
A student can submit the application only once; multiple forms will be rejected.
The submission is ONLINE only
Requirements to be readied before you start filling up the Application Form of M.Sc.
The Usual Steps in filling up the Online Application Form of the M.Sc.: M.Sc. Application Process
Educational Qualifications:
The Minimum Academic Qualifications for M.Sc. required are that students should have passed B.Sc. in relevant stream from a recognized University.
The Helpline Number for B.Sc. is 044-22451746, 22444621, 22447640
Documents Required-
AARUPADAI VEEDU INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, CHENNAIChennai, Tamil Nadu
AEC Tourism and Hospitality Academy, ChennaiChennai, Tamil Nadu
AMET Business SchoolChennai, Tamil Nadu
Anna Adarsh College for Women, ChennaiChennai, Tamil Nadu
Anna Institute of Management, ChennaiChennai, Tamil Nadu
Annamal Institute of Hotel Management, ChennaiChennai, Tamil NaduAdvertisements
Believe Quotes
Together is my favorite place to be
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken
Money may not buy happiness, but it's better to cry in a Lamborghini
Advertisements
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
Advertisements
Text QuotesStay strong. Stay beautiful. Be yourself. Believe (Believe Quotes) All things are possible if you believe (Believe Quotes) She believed she could so she did (Believe Quotes) If you don't believe in miracles perhaps you've forgotten you are one (Believe Quotes) Accept what is. Let go of what was. Believe in what will be (Believe Quotes) BELIEVE YOU CAN AND YOU'RE HALFWAY THERE (Believe Quotes) Believe in yourself (Believe Quotes) Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen (Believe Quotes) Live in such a way that if anyone should speak badly of you no one would believe it (Believe Quotes) Imagine with all your mind. Believe with all your heart. Achieve with all your might (Believe Quotes) I have chosen to believe in me (Believe Quotes) (Believe Quotes) Never explain yourself. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it (Believe Quotes) Don't believe everything you think (Believe Quotes) A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe and leaves before she is left (Believe Quotes) Believe impossible things (Believe Quotes) Magic is all around, you just have to believe (Believe Quotes) When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable (Believe Quotes) The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams (Believe Quotes) Challenge accepted (Believe Quotes) Never give up on your dreams (Believe Quotes)Ngā hua o te rapu Te pūkete e whai ake nei English › Robert Boyd Dawson I whānau mai i te 21 Hōngongoi 1916 - I mate atu i te 24 Hōngongoi 1977 PDF Taipitopito matua Nama hōiaWWII 11727 AWMM Vietnam 30039 AWMM Ingoa kārangarangaR.B. Dawson AWMM Te Ope o Tū / te pekaArmy AWMM Te tūnga whakamutungaMajor General/Military AWMM Northern Military District AWMM PakangaWorld War II, 1939-1945 AWMM Vietnam War, 1961-1975 AWMM Mātātuhi Whakatakototia te papi Robert Boyd Dawson Kāore i te mōhiotia mēnā he aukatinga manatāura Boyd AWMM Ingoa whānauDawson AWMM Ingoa Ingoa kārangarangaR.B. Dawson AWMM Nama hōiaWWII 11727 AWMM Vietnam 30039 AWMM Ira tangataMale AWMM Iwi Hapū Waka Rohe Pono Mātātuhi me ngā tuhinga Mātātuhi Tāpirihia he kōrero › Pūrongo › Pūrongo › Ngā tuhinga Tāpirihia he kōrero › Tauoranga kirirarau Te whānautanga Tāpirihia he kōrero › Whānautanga mai21 Hōngongoi 1916 AWMM Rotorua, Bay of Plenty AWMM Rā i whānau mai ai Wāhi Whānau Tuhinga mō te whānautanga Wāhi noho i mua i te whakaurungaWW2 Pre 1940 AWMM Burnham Camp AWMM WW2 Pre 1944 AWMM Burnham Camp AWMM WW2 Pre 1946-1948 AWMM Burnham Camp AWMM Mahi whai muri i te pakanga Uri kiritahi i te wā o te ekenga wakaWW Mēnā he hoa rangatira tōna Ope taua Ngā pakanga me ngā whawhai Tāpirihia he kōrero › PakangaWorld War II, 1939-1945 AWMM Vietnam War, 1961-1975 AWMM Kauhanga ririGreece AWMM 1941 AWMM World War 2/wars AWMM Crete AWMM Western Desert AWMM Te Ope o Tū / te pekaArmy AWMM Nama hōiaWWII 11727 AWMM Vietnam 30039 AWMM Urunga ki te ope taua5 Infantry Brigade AWMM 6 Infantry Brigade AWMM Royal Military College (RMC), Duntroon, UK AWMM New Zealand Regiment, 3 Battalion AWMM SEATO AWMM 28 Commonwealth Infantry Brigade Te Whakangungu me te Urunga atu Tāpirihia he kōrero › Whakangungu ope taua Branch Trade Proficiency Te urungaWW2 Regular soldier Captain/Military AWMM 23 Infantry Battalion AWMM VietnamaMajor General/Military AWMM Northern Military District AWMM Kōrero taurongo Kōrero taurongo Tāpirihia he kōrero Matenga Te matenga Tāpirihia he kōrero › Matenga24 Hōngongoi 1977 AWMM Age 61 AWMM AWMM Boyd Dawson mā te whakatakoto i te papi Robert Dawson Robert Dawson Robert Boyd Dawson Robert Duncan Erle Dawson Robert Kyle Dawson Whakatakototia te papi mā 2021 Waiho atu he tuhinga Waiho atu he poroporoaki, he maumaharatanga ki a Robert Boyd Dawson. (1942). Nominal Roll Second New Zealand Expeditionary Force No. 5 (Embarkations from 1st July, 1941 to 30 September, 1941). Wellington, N.Z.: Govt. Printer. AWMM. AWMM Kaituku kōrero E tukatuka ana Command item Command item Add new record Refresh RāNgā ingoa tuatahiTauwāhiWhanaungatangaWhakapā 20 Paengawhāwhā 2020ColinAucklandOther 24 Paengawhāwhā 2015Christopher RobertPalmerston North, New ZealandChildOur Services
Bethesda House provides a wide range of services to women, youth, children (with and without their pets), who are dealing with all types of gender-based violence and abuse including but not limited to :
Domestic violence
Sexual assault
Elder abuse
Financial Abuse
Familial abuse
Cultural violence
Human trafficking
Bethesda House supports women and individuals presenting as women, who ask for safe refuge in our secure shelter as well as individuals who choose not to come into the shelter instead requesting support through the Bethesda House community outreach program
Services include
- Individual and group counselling
- Safety planning for themselves and their children
- Child & Youth Worker support helping moms parent children who have experienced abuse, and counselling and other supports for those youth and children
- Help from a Transition & Housing Worker with all the things that need to be dealt with in order to move on, such as finances, finding a place to live, attending court, etc.
Women who leave the shelter are connected with the Bethesda House Community Counselor for follow up support and counselling if they choose this support.
Shelter Goal
To provide shelter, support and advocacy to abused women, with and without children, by offering temporary, secure accommodation and woman-based counselling empowering them to make their own choices and exercise their right to live free from fear and violence.
Description of the Shelter Program
The Bethesda House shelter is a safe and secure residence where women, with and without children, can come to stay when leaving behind abusive relationships. The shelter is funded for 18 beds, although it has the capacity to offer up to 20 beds in emergencies. It is an old (almost) century home with a large addition on the back. It has a warm common living, dining and kitchen area on the main floor as well as a child-friendly playroom. Large bedrooms are on the upper floor, and the Bethesda House administrative offices are in the basement. The property includes a small outdoor play area for the children and a smoking area for the women.
Women can refer themselves to the Bethesda House shelter. They, their children, and their pets (whenever possible) are welcome to stay at the shelter while they gather their strength and make plans to move on to a violence free living situation. The length of stay is flexible, varying to meet the needs of each individual woman.
While in the shelter, counselors help the women develop action plans identifying goals and the steps needed to be taken to achieve those goals. The women, shelter counselors and the shelter Transitional Support Worker coordinate service to ensure that the women’s needs are met in the shelter and her transition back to the community is as smooth and safe as possible.
While in shelter the women are provided;
- a safe & protected environment in which to recuperate and rejuvenate
- a clean & sanitary environment
- one-to-one counselling and support groups focusing on each woman’s strengths using a brief, solution-focused counselling modality
- emotional support & education regarding issues of abuse
- in coordination with the Transitional Support Worker, emotional support & education regarding legal, housing, CAS, medical etc. options, and accompaniment to appointments when necessary
- assistance to emotionally prepare for appointments & meetings
- support dealing with day-to-day issues as they arise
- ongoing workshops & groups in the shelter on topics of interest to the women (ie re nutrition, relaxation, being safe, relationships, self-esteem, etc.)
When a child(ren) accompany a mother into the shelter, the Bethesda House Child & Youth Worker (CYW) completes an independent intake with the children. The mandate of the CYW is to ensure that no children in Bethesda House fall through the cracks in service while their mothers are working on their own abuse issues and plans. The CYW ensures that children and youth in the shelter are able to feel and act like children/youth, having fun in addition to dealing with their issues. The CYW provides support to meet the individual needs of each child/youth, in co-ordination with the mother and other shelter staff.
The mother/children are provided;
- support & assistance with parenting issues and issues related to abuse and the children
- one-to-one counseling support to the children
- group activities for the children in the shelter (movie nights, craft activities, games, music nights, etc.)
- referrals for the children to external resources as appropriate
- back-up child care support in the shelter for mothers who have appointments and there are no reasonable alternatives
Women in the shelter share in housekeeping responsibilities. They have access to food to cook for themselves and their families or can join with other residents to make a meal for everyone. Residents look after their own laundry.
Families are kept together in one bedroom. Women without children may be required to room with another resident.
Living in a communal setting like the shelter (shared common areas including the kitchen, dining room, living room, etc.) can be stressful and very different than living in one’s own home. However all residents are expected to treat each other in the way they themselves would like to be treated, and comply with a set of communal guidelines that are in place to make living together as positive as possible for everyone involved. The violation of the communal living guidelines can result in the resident being asked to leave. The safety and well-being of the residents and staff is of utmost importance and is taken very seriously.There are many myths and traditions around weddings, the most traditional in the UK is “something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue”. Where do these myths, superstitions and traditions come from and why centuries on, are they still evident in marriages.
Here is a list of some funny myths and traditions:
The Dress:
It is considered bad luck for the groom to see the dress before the wedding, now days; this is more for an element of surprise, nothing to do with tradition. On your wedding day, the dress is the most important element for you and you want to keep it a surprise for the big day.
“Something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue”. This saying originated from Victorian times and traditionally the old wold have been the garter of a happily married woman, with the thought of being that her good fortune would be passed on.
The “New” stood for the couples bright new future, something “borrowed” was usually from the bride’s family and must be returned to ensure the luck was passed on.
The something “blue” came from an ancient tradition in which the bride would wear a blue ribbon in her hair to symbolise fidelity.
It is classed as good luck if the bride finds a spider on her gown the day of her wedding.
The Rings:
Be it Gold, Silver, Platinum or with diamonds, the wedding rings symbolise eternal love and devotion. Here are some myths and traditions surrounding the wedding rings.
Dropping the ring during the ceremony is an evil omen; whoever dropped the ring is believed to die first.
Having the rings blessed is believed to give the rings power to rid disease and guard the wearer from evil spirits.
The reason the ring in the UK is placed on the left hand, on the third finger is because it is believed the vein in this finger is directly linked to the heart.
On the Wedding Day:
Surname of the same first letter: it is considered unlucky for the bride to marry a man with a surname that begins with the same first letter as hers. This wedding myth is summarised in the following Victorian rhyme: “To change the name and not the letter; is to change for the worst and not the better.”
The day and month you chose to get married also have many traditions and myths surrounding them:
Monday for health, Tuesday for wealth, Wednesday best of all,
Thursday for losses, Friday for crosses, Saturday for no luck at all.
Considering most weddings in the UK occur on a Saturday, I don’t know how much consideration I would give to these sayings, but if you are superstitious, would you let it dictate which day you get married?As the number of “near me” searches conducted on Google continues to rise, the importance of Local SEO and visibility is rising with it.
From local SEO citations that help to ensure that the name of your business appears on other sites, to standard SEO measures such as keyword optimization, countless companies are beginning to take advantage of Local SEO tips.
Whether you have a national chain of stores, or just a single brick-and-mortar shop, a local SEO strategy has become critical to increasing brand awareness.
But it get’s better:
It also helps to drive potential customers through your doors.
In other words, if nothing comes up when you try to find yourself on Google, then you have a serious problem to deal with. Even if a competitor’s site is higher on the search engine results than yours, you may have some hard work to do.
Following are some tips and solutions that will not only help your business to rise up the ranks of local SEO, but also ensure that you keep hold of the position you work so hard to earn.
So let’s get to it …
Claim and Verify Your Local Listing in Google
According to research conducted by Google, approximately 50% of consumers conducting a local search on their smartphone, and 34% searching from a tablet or computer visited the store in question within 24 hours.
This means that ranking well in local search could significantly improve your in-store levels of traffic.
To get started with Local SEO, you’ll need to visit Google and follow the directions provided to properly claim and verify your listing.
Now:
Make sure that while you’re doing this, you check every piece of data you enter is correct, and does not include any accidental spelling mistakes. You can make corrections and changes later, but the time in which your listing is not completely correct could have an impact on your business success and your local SEO citations.
Remember … attention to detail is key!
If you have a single business with multiple locations, utilize “My Business” local listings to manage everything from one dashboard.
Keep in mind that while you’re verifying your listings, you may also want to look into this tool to check the mobile-friendliness of your website. The tool will help you determine whether your site is “mobile friendly” or not.Local SEO Tip: Fast mobile loading time is key! More tips: Click To Tweet
If not, you may need to adjust some things.
This can include how fast the site loads (faster is better because people are impatient with slow downloads) which might mean to you need to reduce the size of your images on the site.
No matter what, you’ll want to be sure your site is fast on mobile devices.
For a full analysis, you can even sign up to the Google Search Console for more information.
Publish Relevant Local Content For Improved SEO
Just like any other form of SEO, part of your local SEO strategy will come down to keywords, which should be placed in everything from your page URLS, to your meta-descriptions and titles.
Once you know your keywords – something you can get help with through Google Keyword planner, you’ll be able to start optimizing your website, and producing relevant content.
Through a business blog and other articles, increase your local SEO citations by regularly publishing content that not only helps you to build your rank for your chosen keywords, but also gives valuable information to local customers.Increase local SEO via citations and regularly published content. More tips: Click To Tweet
For instance, you could promote relevant news in your area, talk about local industry gatherings, or provide other helpful content to potential visitors on social media with updates like “Be careful of ‘road’ today for excess traffic when you’re on the way to ‘store’!”
Don’t forget meta descriptions and title tags!
I say this because local SEO meta-descriptions and title tags, you should use this copy to inform search engines of the locations you hope to rank for by providing keywords and phrases, as well as geo-specific information.
So, for example …
Locally optimized meta-descriptions may include your primary keywords, the area your business serves, and your phone number. Just make sure it is consistent for every citation.
Show off Your NAP (Name, Address, Phone)
Making it easy for Search Engines and people to find you means setting up your NAP as early as possible.
Not familiar with NAP?
NAP stands for name, address, and phone number (with area code), and it should be included within crawl-able HTML text on your website. Make sure you don’t place your NAP within an image, as images can’t be crawled by search engines in the same way as HTML text.For local SEO, NAP should be included within crawl-able HTML text on your site. More tips: Click To Tweet
Remember that consistency is crucial with your NAP, as you should have the exact same details and format across every page of your entire website.
The following HTML outline may help, simply change the bold text to your own details.
Once you do this, you’ll need to find other places on line where you can list your NAP. But what are these citation sources? Where can you find them?
No problem!
Just head over to MOZ and check out their Top Local Citations by category.
It looks like this:
As an example, I chose chiropractors and this is what comes up:
And voila!
A list of the major local citation sources comes up for chiropractors.
Now all you need to do is enter your business citation into each one.
Gather Local Reviews!
Experts suggest that local reviews have a significant impact on local search rankings, so you’re going to need to dedicate at least some time to acquiring them.
Remember, just because you’re hoping to maintain your local SEO position with google doesn’t mean you need to focus exclusively on Google reviews, you can also look into Yelp, and various other directories.
One idea to get started:
You can take advantage of your existing customer base by contacting them and asking whether they’d be interested in offering a review of your services or product.
You might even direct them to Yelp or Google+ or one of the other directories to make things easier.
But no matter what:
I’m telling you that reviews are key! They are third party validations of your business. Don’t neglect them.
In some cases, you may decide to incentivize customers for their time with a discount or free gift.
Get creative!Reviews are key to Local SEO so get creative and incentive your customers. More tips: Click To Tweet
Remember, however, as more people begin to leave reviews, don’t simply ignore any negative feedback that comes your way. Show your dedication to great customer service by attempting to rectify any problems immediately – your customers will appreciate the effort, and your brand will look better too!
Take heart because everybody has to deal with online trolls.
Embed a Map into Your Website For Better Local SEO
Quick and simple, this particular tip not only adds new media to your website, but it also offers useful information to your customers, and may help Google to rank you higher for local SEO listings.
By entering an address into Google maps, you can instantly access a HTML embed code that allows you to add that map to your website. All you need to do is click on the link icon to grab the code.
You can even customize your link to choose various features and sizing for your map before placing it in your website. This is a great way to help customers find your location easier, and it also helps to provide information to Google about your location.
Remember, local SEO can be complicated, but with the right Local SEO tips, and citations, it can help you to stay one step ahead of the competition.
Be sure to check in and let me know how it goes.
Interesting post Augie ,
Thank you for sharing that great ideas. It really helps me a lot on how to boost my local ranking.
I will make this blog as my guide.
Thanks once again !
Regards,
Walter
Hi Walter, so glad the post helped you out. One of the key points that I point out in the post is the NAP (name, address, phone number). Make sure your NAP is the same on every site in which you submit it. Consistency is key!!
Yeah I see . I’ve read many SEO blogs but I can’t fully understand well their point. I only got clearly and very well explained info here in your blog .
Thanks !
You’re welcome, Walter. I know what you mean, too. It is a very confusing topic and it can take days, if not weeks to sift through all the information to find the stuff that is going to directly help you.
Something else you can try to get a gauge on how your business is doing in local search is to plug your info into the MOZ tool. All you have to do is plug in your business name and zip code into the fields. You can find it here:
Great ! I saw my listing , and my ranking is pretty good but I need to push it. Need some effort to maintain my ranking.
If you want to target local clients, its very important to take note of this local seo tips. This will help you to get the ranking that you always wanted. Not everyone knows this information, which makes you ahead of the competition.Julia demonstrating her dragon breath skills.
On our tour of SF, we stopped by Japan Town and tried out the dragon breath dessert from Chocolate Chair. It’s definitely a gimmick, but everyone should try it out at least once.
The colourful dessert is made up of liquid nitrogen coated ice cream cereal balls.
Annie anticipating her first taste of dragon’s breath.
Annie’s dragon’s breath game needs work.
Dragon’s breath dessert, freezing everything it touches.
It just tastes like cereal. The best way to create the smoke is to take 2 or 3 balls and chew them quickly while breathing out.
Liquid nitrogen being poured into the mixer.
Japan Town Peace Pagoda.
A Peace Pagoda is a Buddhist stupa; a monument to inspire peace, designed to provide a focus for people of all races and creeds, and to help unite them in their search for world peace. –Wikipedia
After walking around in Japan Town, we headed back to the apartment. For some reason SF was hot as balls, and everyone was drained.Maximizing Potential
Prepare to lead a fulfilling, meaningful, and powerfully independent life. Just open our doors.
Welcome.
Programs & Services
The transition from a military environment to a college or university can be difficult and overwhelming for student Veterans, especially for those with visible and invisible injuries. Our services include individualized academic and career coaching to support progress and address barriers, peer and professional mentoring to foster community and networking, and health and wellness services to promote psychosocial adjustments and well-being.Masterclasses spearheading 202020 Vision project
The latest in a series of Urban Forest Masterclasses has been held in Canberra, with representatives of five regional government areas attending, along with many participants involved along the supply chain in planning and implementing urban development.
These masterclasses are part of a broader project associated with the 202020 Vision project, and aim to give attendees a greater understanding of practical ways to increase urban forestry efforts resulting in more plants and trees – especially in our regional urban areas.
The 202020 Vision strategy is to increase urban green space by 20 per cent by 2020, thus increasing plant sales year on year by two per cent.
By proactively engaging councils and providing the opportunity for a range of disciplines to collaborate to greater effect, the 202020 Vision is catalysing not only the rate at which urban forest efforts are happening at a local level – but also ensuring that work undertaken is of a high quality.
This week’s workshop builds on the 10-step guide, How to Grow an Urban Forest workbook and a National Urban Forest Masterclass held in Melbourne.
The Canberra event was attended by Wollongong City Council, Queanbeyan City Council, Melton City Council, Albury City Council, Dubbo City Council, Wodonga City Council, Penrith City Council.
In addition, it attracted a great number of staff from both the Department of Environment & Planning and the Territory Municipal Services within the ACT Government, industry, landscape architects, property developers, road engineers the NSW Government, CSIRO, the Federal Government, Engineers and Arboriculture community.
Highlights included an address from the Director of City Services ACT, who is responsible for maintaining and planting the vast majority of the ACT’s landscapes, Dorte Ekelund the Director General of Planning in the ACT and the NSW Government’s Principal Landscape Architect, Barbara Schaffer.
Sessions included:
- Identifying drivers, benefits and barriers – how to overcome specific challenges facing urban regional councils and government and included heat, health and densification as a catalyst for urban forestry.
- Present your why – this session covered an overview of case studies or examples where councils have chosen a specific driver to be involved with the project, for example heat in Penrith as a means by which to catalyse action at a local level.
Project Code: NY15007
More information:BENEFITS
Choose LRDG for programs focused on YOUR individual needs and challenges, all based on the Public Service Commission's A, B, and C levels. Practice speaking with SLE-experienced tutors and track your progress in our online portal. Get your levels. Earn your bilingual bonus. And be supported every step of the way.
get more out of your learning
The concept is simple, but powerful:
Achieve your levels with a combination of online learning and one-on-one attention with SLE-experienced tutors.
Sign up for our newsletter so we can help you get started.
Discover the benefits to you as a learner
A dedicated tutor to help you every step of the way
Did you know that with traditional learning, you get less than 25% of the teacher’s attention per class? Benefit from exclusive one-on-one training with your tutor, who’ll adapt each session to your individual strengths and weaknesses. You’ll get the attention you’ll need to succeed in less time.
An online & built-in learning community
Connect with tutors and learners in our online forum, where you’ll be able to discuss questions and tips! Learning is easier when you have a community behind you!
Accessible education for everyone
Our module content adheres to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. This means it’s accessible to you if you have hearing or vision impairments. All of our audio content has subtitles. Our module content also allows a screen reader such as JAWS to read the screen with a text-to-speech output.
Guaranteed learning from the comfort of home.
Online access to courses, materials, and tutors gives you the freedom to learn from anywhere. We’ve helped close to 30,000 public servant employees obtain their ESL and FSL proficiency levels.
Start your program at any time
We don’t have semesters so you can jump into your program at any point during the year. Once you’ve been assessed you can start your program in as little as 24 hours.
Your schedule is our schedule
We’re here for you when life gets busy: our tutors are available from 6:00 a.m to midnight EST. Because we know the struggles of balancing a career with the rest of your life, you can reschedule your individual tutoring sessions with just 24 hours' notice. Finally, a part of your schedule you get to control.
Never miss out on new and exciting opportunities for learning
Learn on your schedule! Access instant learning through our online multimedia curriculum of 1000+ hours of interactive English and French content.
Easily track your progress
Our system logs your progress over time so you can celebrate how far you’ve come, see where you’re going, and get help in the areas you need it most.
Don’t wait another day to plan for your Second Language Evaluation levels.
Book a consultation with us or call 1.888.989.LRDG
Discover the benefits to you as a coordinator or manager
Find out how we can help your department.
Achieve your levels with a combination of online learning and one-on-one attention with SLE-experienced tutors.
Sign up for our newsletter so we can help you get started.CHICAGO — Five years after leaving South Shore, Jason and Jennifer Parks are convinced the decision to move their family to northwest Indiana was the right one.
As Chicago continues to struggle to contain violent crime, the Parkses said they appreciate the town of St. John's slower pace.
The four-bedroom home they had built on a wide lot in Lake County provides space, security and the community kinship they were searching for.
The family is among thousands of Black Cook County residents who left the city for other states during the past decade, according to recent census data. The so-called reverse migration out of Chicago has continued, lowering the city's Black population by about 10%.
A city that once drew tens of thousands of southern Black residents and once held the nation's second-largest Black population seems to have lost its attraction for Black folks, who continue to leave. Chicago's Black population dropped to 787,551 in 2020, its lowest total since the mid-1950s.
The Parkses and their four daughters had lived in a modest bungalow on South Euclid Avenue, the same block that Michelle Obama's family once called home, until violence drove the Parkses out three years after they moved in.
Now they appreciate the active parents at the local schools where their 15-year-old twin daughters are thriving and have part-time jobs after school. Their younger daughters can play in the yard without the possibility of gunfire. Best of all, their new community has shopping of all kinds, and their money seems to go further than on the South Side, which lacked many of the basic neighborhood amenities they expected as homeowners.
"I'm glad that we're out here. I have friends. I have a sense of community," said Jennifer Parks, a triage nurse at University of Illinois at Chicago Medical Center, who grew up in Chicago. "We feel safe. We really do. I know violence is everywhere. If someone wants to hurt you, they'll hurt you. But I have peace."
Her husband, Jason, who works in finance, agreed that safety was an issue, but said the lack of resources in his old community also propelled their move out of the South Side.
"What I expect if I'm paying property taxes and the like is, within a 10-minute drive in my community I should be able to have access to most of what I need. Most, not everything. And that's what we have here," he said. "We got what we were looking for in terms of space to raise our family and more of a neighborhood feel."
Like the Parkses, thousands of those who left Cook County chose neighboring states like Indiana, Missouri, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa. On average, nearly 8,000 Black residents moved to Indiana each year between 2015 and 2019, according to the Brookings Institution.
Far removed from the times when Chicago was an industrial and manufacturing powerhouse and hog butcher to the world, Black Americans no longer arrive in the city with dreams of finding work. In fact, experts say those with less education and fewer skills are looking elsewhere.
Southern states like Georgia, Texas and Florida draw Black residents from all over the country. After Indiana, Georgia and Texas were the top destinations for Black residents leaving Illinois each year between 2015 and 2019.
There's also a growing number of Chicago residents who have chosen far-flung states that haven't traditionally had a large Black population, like Arizona, which has quietly become home to thousands of former Chicago residents, Black and white.
"When I got here, it was so peaceful and friendly. It was like day and night," said Gerald Anthony Kelly, a South Side native and former CTA bus driver who moved to the Phoenix area in 2013. "Things you can do here you can't do in Chicago, like sit outside at night. Go for walks at night. I saw the cost of living was so much cheaper here, and the job market was wide open here."
Award-winning fantasy writer Nnedi Okorafor said she moved from the south suburbs to Phoenix earlier this year, drawn there by its year-round warmth. The author of 19 books, Okorafor said her resolve to stay in the Southwest grew after her daughter, Anyaugo, was accepted at Arizona State University.
"Each time I've gone (to Arizona), I've gradually fallen in love with the area because I love heat and the desert," she told the Chicago Tribune. "Once (my daughter) got into ASU, it all just lined up and made sense."
Career growth elsewhere
Illinois in general saw some of the largest losses of Black residents during the last decade of any state except New York. As Chicago's Hispanic and white populations have increased in the last decade, the city's Black population dropped by 84,738 since 2010, the second highest decline after Detroit.
The extended departure offers a challenge to city officials hoping to retain families and professionals who could help stabilize troubled South and West Side communities.
In a statement, Mayor Lori Lightfoot's office called the loss of Black residents a top priority and touted the Invest South/West program, a city-led $1.4 billion partnership between city departments, corporations and philanthropic groups that aims to invest in resources and improvements in 10 struggling communities.
The city is investing more than $400 million to address safety, outreach and mental health issues.
"Our goal is for every resident of Chicago to see their future here, and to address the chronic disinvestment spanning decades that is driving many Black Chicagoans to leave," the statement read.
The outward trend is hardly a single phenomenon as the Midwest's Black population has fallen by more than 130,000 people in the last 10 years, according to the Brookings Institution's analysis.
The Atlanta, Dallas and Houston metro areas have gained the most Black residents between 2010 and 2020.
Researchers with the nonprofit Metropolitan Planning Council analyzed early data releases that found low-wage and low-skill workers among the most likely to leave Cook County, outnumbering new arrivals by a ratio of about 2-to-1.
"Non-college-educated Black residents may leave Cook County in search of employment, or simply not consider low-wage employment sufficient reason to stay if other aspects of the city fail them," the council wrote in an online article last August. "Likewise, less-educated Blacks in other parts of the country no longer consider Cook County or Chicago an economic destination and its economic opportunities probably do not offset its negative national reputation for violence, segregation and uneven schools."
The city's inability to create or facilitate jobs to replace the industrial job losses, as well as the rise of drugs has contributed to the decline, according to researchers.
"We've never recovered from losing manufacturing jobs from the '70s on and ... the manufacturing jobs disappearing was replaced by the era of mass incarceration where we sent people to prison for many offenses ... many of them drug," said Daniel Cooper, the planning council's director of research.
Black professionals are also leaving Cook County, though they are replaced by out-of-state Black professionals moving in. Examining census data from 2013 to 2017, Cooper, working with researchers Jim Lewis and Rob Paral, also found that Black professionals "have roughly replaced one another as some have left Cook County for nearby counties or other parts of the nation, but many managers and professionals from other states have moved to Cook."
The reason appears to be the large number of corporations and businesses that draw professional Black jobseekers.
Some who left say the growth they've experienced since leaving wasn't possible here.
Roseland native Apryl Moore, who moved to Texas in 2016, said her business, FreshSteps Medical Foot and Nail Spa in McKinney, is thriving in a way that she doesn't believe would have been possible in her hometown.
Her business, which combines foot and nail care with a podiatrist's supervision, has seen a boom in the affluent county where she lives and works, she said, adding that she's receiving 20 to 30 new clients a month.
Her new home in Texas is free of the red tape that hampered such a business in Roseland.
"I'm on target for my business to bring in six figures in one year. I would have never been able to do that in Chicago," said Moore, 49, a divorced mother of two.
'I didn't have peace'
In Tempe, Arizona, Kelly, the former CTA bus driver, said he found an outpost of Black Chicago transplants in a region that has drawn thousands of Illinois residents since 2010. Having lived in Chicago since he was 3, Kelly, 50, said most of his family had abandoned the city.
"Every (sibling) that was there, with the exception of my older sister, left. I have 14 siblings, now all of us are gone. In Indiana, California, Texas, Arizona. We all had to get out," Kelly said. "It's just not the place you want to raise a family," he said.
The Phoenix-Mesa-Chandler metro area had the eighth highest gain of Black residents during the past 10 years, with more than 72,000 new arrivals. In addition to Chicago, Phoenix has gained a number of people from Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area. Many believe the new arrivals from blue states helped tip the 2020 presidential election for President Joe Biden.
Chicago dining staples such as Lou Malnati's, Portillo's and Harold's Chicken have opened stores there.
Kelly said he quickly found work as a city bus driver — first for Phoenix and later Tempe — all while maintaining his other job as the founder and host of the internet radio station World Vibe Radio One.
The former Longwood Manor resident grew weary of the city and felt traumatized after several instances of crime.
"It made me nervous, honestly. I got carjacked. It was a rough experience. I've been shot at on the CTA bus twice. Two burglaries in Oak Park and twice more in Chicago," he said. "There was a lot going on in Chicago. A lot of violence. A lot of death. I felt like I didn't have peace."
Kelly, like other former residents, dreads daily news reports of violence and crime in Chicago.
Moore, who first moved to Dallas before moving to McKinney to open her nail care business, knows the feeling. She said she felt apprehension whenever she returned to Chicago to care for her father.
"I left in 2016. I felt (crime) was getting bad then. After I left, I felt like it was getting worse," Moore recalled. "I had to fly back and forth to Chicago for almost two years every month, sometimes twice a month, and I literally used to get anxiety about coming to Chicago."
Jason Parks, the Indiana transplant, said a lot of big cities experience these kinds of problems.
"I don't want to villainize Chicago," he said. "Crime was an issue. I won't deny that ... but more than anything we wanted to create an environment for our family that really allows us to enjoy the neighborhood and our neighbors."
Crime wasn't a consideration for Okorafor, who said she began planning her escape from Illinois before the pandemic to evade Chicago's notorious winter weather.
"First and foremost, I don't like cold (weather). The winters were long and dark. Gradually I just lost my tolerance for the winter," said Okorafor, 47, who is working on television development projects with HBO and Amazon.
"I've met three of my neighbors around my home. All of them are from Chicago," she said. She added that she's kept her suburban condo and hasn't completely turned her back on Illinois.
"I always feel like I have to have a foot there. It's my home base and it always will be," she said. "Just not in the winter."
Relocation hasn't been without some minor gripes for the people the Tribune interviewed.
For Moore, her daughter had difficulty adjusting to high school among affluent classmates.
For Jason Parks, who grew up in Gary, he had to reacclimate to his conservative home state and get used to seeing Trump signs on front lawns. He didn't anticipate the intense response to mask mandates at his children's school. Trump earned about 42% of the vote in Lake County.
Still, his family is satisfied with its new home, though he didn't rule out a return to Chicago, with some caveats.
"There would have to be a lot of financial reasons for me to come back to the city that would directly impact my family, because really that's what drove me away — all of the financial things and the other political things," Parks said. "Those things have to change."”
Author Archives: wednesdaycdavis”
Not-so-creature Feature: A corpse flower!
This summer I am spending 3 weeks in Dunedin with the Department of Conservation and Yellow Eyed Penguin Trust. On my first day in Dunedin I spent my afternoon exploring the botanical gardens and got to visit the beautiful corpse flower! This rare giant, Amorphophallus titanum, in Dunedin is the southernmost flowering in the world! It’s rareContinue reading “Not-so-creature Feature: A corpse flower!”
Creature Feature: Little Blue Penguins
Meet the little blue penguin, also known as kororā, Eudyptula minor or the fairy penguin! These species are native to New Zealand and are also found in Southern Australia. These are the smallest of the penguin species and are primarily nocturnal, nesting in coastal areas and foraging within 25km of the shore. They are commonContinue reading “Creature Feature: Little Blue Penguins”
Day Two of Fieldwork
Day. Today’s adventure started at 9amContinue reading “Day Two of Fieldwork”
Kia ora, welcome to my blog!
Kia Ora! My name is Wednesday and welcome to my first blog post! I am a marine science student from the University of Auckland studying the foraging behaviours of seabirds and cetaceans! I can’t wait to share my masters journey, outreach, volunteering and adventures along the way with you! Over the next few months IContinue reading “Kia ora, welcome to my blog!”This post contains links to products from our advertisers, and we may be compensated when you click on these links. Our recommendations and advice are ours alone, and have not been reviewed by any issuers listed. Terms apply to offers listed on this page. Read our editorial standards..
Review: Is the United Club Infinite the best credit card for you?
United Airlines frequent flyers have a lot of great choices when it comes to rewards credit cards. The United℠ Explorer Card is a solid option for folks who want elite-style perks without a large annual fee, for instance. However, United and its issuer partner, Chase, offer a premium credit card — the United Club℠ Infinite Card — that might just be the best option of all.
One of this card's true standout benefits is its earning structure. It accrues a whopping 4 miles per dollar on United purchases, including not only tickets, but also things like Economy Plus seat assignments, inflight food, beverages and Wi-Fi, and other charges like if you need to check extra bags. That's higher than almost any other airline credit card earns on its own co-branded carrier, and can boost your mileage balance into the stratosphere if you purchase a lot of United fares.
Read more: Guide to the best United credit cards
Popular Articles
Aside from the airline bonus, the United Club℠ Infinite Card also racks up 2 miles per dollar on a broad range of travel purchases, meaning you could use it for everything from hotel bookings and car rentals to train tickets and rideshares. It also earns 2 miles per dollar on dining, including eligible food delivery services like GrubHub, Seamless, and DoorDash. It earns 1 mile per dollar on everything else.
Though most people are traveling less than usual right now, the United Club℠ Infinite Card's current sign-up bonus and other benefits like complimentary IHG Rewards hotel elite status, free checked bags, and a discount on saver award flights still make it worth considering — especially if you need to start saving up some miles for your next trip.
Comparison: United Club Infinite vs other United credit cards
*When you use your card to pay for your ticket, or the taxes and fees on an award ticket
****Up to 1,000 PQP in a calendar year for the United Explorer Card; up to 3,000 PQP in a calendar year for the United Quest and United Club Infinite card (up to 4,000 PQP in a calendar year on the Infinite card starting January 2022)
United Club Infinite vs other premium airline credit cards
* For 2021, Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card members earn 25% more MQMs for meeting the same spending tiers (offer ends 12/31/21)
How to earn miles with the United Club Infinite card
The United Club℠ Infinite Card has an excellent earning rate on eligible United purchases, but you'll also earn bonus miles on a broad range of other expenses. Cardholders earn:
- 4x miles on eligible United purchases (including airline tickets purchased from United, United seat upgrades, Economy Plus, inflight food, beverages, and Wi-Fi, baggage service charges, other United fees, and United Card Events from Chase)
- 2x miles on travel (including airfare, trains, local transit, cruise lines, hotels, car rentals, taxicabs, resorts, rideshare services and tolls)
- 2x miles on dining (including eligible delivery services)
- 1 mile per dollar on all other eligible purchases
Read more: United Quest vs United Club Infinite: How to decide which premium Chase United credit card is best for you
How to use United miles
You can redeem United miles for flights on United and its Star Alliance partners, like Lufthansa, Air Canada, and Singapore Airlines. United also partners with a handful of airlines outside of major alliances, including Aer Lingus and Hawaiian Airlines.
Because United no longer has an award chart, the number of miles required for a flight varies based on demand, paid ticket price, and season.
Read more: How to earn, redeem, and maximize United miles
One-way domestic economy award tickets start at 5,000 miles, but can go up to over 30,000 miles. You can find saver business or first-class awards within the US for as few as 25,000 miles, but also as high as over 60,000 miles. From the US to other regions, prices start at around 32,500 miles in economy and 63,000 miles in business class.
United also offers a new redemption option called "Money + Miles." Similar to Delta's Pay With Miles, it's currently available on select United flights, and allows you to pay for part of your fare with cash and the rest with miles, at a fixed rate of 1 cent per mile.
That's a lower rate than our average United miles value, but this can be handy if you don't have enough miles for an award ticket but want to reduce your out-of-pocket costs.
If you're not ready to travel yet, there's no rush to spend your miles because United miles don't expire. There are other redemption options, but you'll typically get a much lower value:
- Seat upgrades
- United Club memberships
- Inflight Wi-Fi passes
- TSA PreCheck application fees
- Merchandise
- Gift cards
- Experiences
- Hotels and cruises
- Charitable donations
Benefits and features
Any airline credit card you're considering should include a host of travel perks to make the flying experience that much better and, in some cases, cheaper.
United Club airport lounge access
While many travel credit cards offer airport lounge access, it usually comes with a lot of conditions. If you're actually a frequent United flyer, though, and can use the airline's own lounges when traveling, the perk offered by the United Club℠ Infinite Card is this card's biggest selling point.
That's because, instead of just access to clubs, this card confers full United Club membership. This means the primary cardmember can enter United Clubs along with up to two adult guests, or one other adult and any children under the age of 21. They can also get into many of the airline's Star Alliance partner airlines' lounges around the world.
Read more: The best credit cards with airport lounge access
Just remember that United Club membership does not get you into the airline's swanky Polaris Lounges. For that, you'll need a same-day boarding pass for travel in United Polaris or business class on another Star Alliance member airline on a long-haul international flight.
United Club membership costs $650 for non-cardholders, so if you do plan to use this benefit, getting the United Club℠ Infinite Card scores you a discount of about $125.
Any airline credit card you're considering should include a host of travel perks to make the flying experience that much better and, in some cases, cheaper. The United Club℠ Infinite Card is no exception, with a slew of elite-like benefits.
Free first and second checked bag
The primary cardholder and one companion traveling on the same reservation will each receive their first and second checked bag on United flights for free when they use the card to pay for their ticket (or taxes and fees on an award ticket).
Read more: Airline checked bag fees can eat into your travel budget — here's how to avoid them with the right credit cards
That's worth up to $80 per person each way, because United charges $35 for the first checked bag and $45 for the next.
Premier access
Along with United elites, United Club℠ Infinite Card members can take advantage of priority check-in, security screening, boarding, and baggage handling when flying United.
Read more: Priority boarding isn't just for elite flyers — the right credit card can get you on the plane before the overhead bins fill up
Inflight discounts
Need to purchase a snack on board or catch up on some work emails? Cardholders receive 25% back as a statement credit on purchases of food, beverages, and Wi-Fi aboard United-operated flights when they use their card to pay.
Premier upgrades
If you have this card and are also a United MileagePlus Premier elite member, you're eligible for complimentary upgrades for yourself and one companion on the same reservation on United flights, even when traveling on an award ticket.
Saver award discounts
A relatively new benefit of the United Club℠ Infinite Card is a discount on economy saver award flights within the continental US and Canada.
Primary cardholders pay 10% fewer miles, and you should see the discount when you're signed in to your United account online and search for an eligible award.
Expanded award availability
As with United's other co-branded cards, United Club℠ Infinite Card members have access to expanded award space not available to non-cardholders, which should make booking those mileage tickets a little easier.
Premier Qualifying Points (PQP)
Cardholders receive 500 Premier Qualifying Points (PQP) for every $12,000 spent on purchases with the card, up to 3,000 PQP per calendar year. Starting January 1, 2022, the maximum has been increased to 4,000 PQP per calendar year.
Read more: Airline credit cards from Delta, Southwest, and more can help you earn elite status — in some cases, you can qualify without setting foot on a plane
This is useful if you're working toward the next level of elite status and need a boost.
IHG Rewards elite status and statement credits
Starting in January 2022, United Club℠ Infinite Card cardholders will be eligible for complimentary IHG Rewards Club Platinum status, which gets you perks like room upgrades (where available), late checkout, complimentary internet, a welcome gift, bonus points, free drinks in some hotels, and more.
Read more: 11 credit cards that get you hotel elite status just by having them in your wallet
In addition, cardholders will receive up to $75 in statement credits toward IHG Hotels and Resorts purchases charged to their card between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022.
CLEAR membership discount and bonus miles
The primary cardholder can receive a $70 discount on CLEAR membership, plus 10,000 bonus United miles when they sign-up for membership by June 30, 2022.
Read more: CLEAR is one of the best ways to skip airport lines, and it's easier to sign up than TSA PreCheck
CLEAR is an expedited security program that allows you to skip security screenings at select US airports (and a few sports stadiums). Instead of showing your ID and or documents, CLEAR uses your biometrics, like face and eyes, to confirm your identity and allow you to go directly to secondary screening.
Application fee credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck
Like many other premium rewards cards, this one will reimburse you for a TSA PreCheck ($85) or Global Entry ($100) application fee once every four years, which should help you speed through security, customs, and immigration that much faster.
Primary rental car insurance
Only a handful of travel rewards credit cards, including the Chase Sapphire Reserve® and Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card, extend primary coverage on car rentals.
Read more: The best credit cards with primary car rental insurance
With the United Club℠ Infinite Card, you can decline the agency's usually expensive coverage and won't have to deal with your own personal insurance if your rental car is damaged or stolen. Just note that it doesn't cover medical expenses, but pertains to the car itself.
Trip cancellation/interruption insurance
This card covers you if your trip is canceled or cut short for a covered reason and will reimburse you for pre-paid non-refundable expenses up to $10,000 per person and $20,000 per trip.
Trip delay coverage
If your common carrier (like an airline or cruise ship) is delayed by more than 12 hours or requires you to stay somewhere overnight, United Club℠ Infinite Card cardholders can claim up to $500 per ticket for expenses such as lodging or meals.
Baggage delay insurance
If your bag is delayed by more than six hours, you can expect up to $100 per day for up to three days to purchase necessities like clothing and toiletries.
Lost luggage reimbursement
If your bag (or your immediate family member's) is lost altogether, you can claim up to $3,000 per covered passenger.
Purchase protection
If an item you purchase with your card is damaged or stolen within 120 days, the United Club℠ Infinite Card will consider claims of up to $10,000 per claim and $50,000 per year.
Read more: Chase credit cards offer purchase protection if a new item is damaged or stolen — here's how to file a claim
Return protection
If a merchant won't take back an item you bought, meanwhile, you could be eligible for reimbursement of up to $500 per item and $1,000 per year within 90 days of purchase.
Extended warranty
When you use the United Club℠ Infinite Card to pay, it extends the US original manufacturer's warranty on eligible items by a year, on warranties of three years or less.
Visa Infinite concierge
The Visa Infinite concierge can help you coordinate things like hard-to-get tickets to theater and sporting events or restaurant reservations. The service itself is free, but any third-party costs are your responsibility.
Chase Luxury Hotel and Resort collection
United Club℠ Infinite Card cardholders can book through the Chase Luxury Hotel & Resort Collection. These are upscale hotels that offer elite-like perks when you book through the program, like complimentary breakfast, unique benefits or credits specific to each property, room upgrades, and other extras like early check-in and late checkout (when available).
Be sure to compare the rates and perks you'll get when you book through the Chase Luxury Hotel & Resort Collection to reserving with the hotel directly. Sometimes Chase rates are more expensive, and the benefits don't always outweigh the higher cost.
Complimentary DoorDash DashPass membership
With the United Club℠ Infinite Card, you can activate a year of complimentary DashPass membership, a service that can save you money when you order food for delivery or pickup through DoorDash. With DashPass, you'll get waived delivery fees and reduced service fees on orders of $12 or more.
Pickup orders are also eligible for 5% back in DoorDash credit. Normally, a subscription costs $9.99 per month, and DoorDash says the average DashPass user saves about $5 per order, so this can translate into significant savings if you use the service regularly. Activation of this benefit is required by March 31, 2022..
Fees and costs
The United Club℠ Infinite Card has an annual fee of $525. As we discussed above, it can be worth the annual fee if you use the United Club membership and other United benefits. There are no foreign transaction fees.
The key to avoiding other fees with this card – as with all other cards — is to pay your balance in full each month so you don't rack up interest. If you do need to carry a balance, there's a 16.49% - 23.49% Variable APR. There's no introductory APR period on the United Club℠ Infinite Card, so you'll start accruing interest immediately if you can't pay your statement balance each month.
Balance transfers charge 5% with a $5 minimum, and cash-advance transactions charge 5% with a $10 minimum. Late-payment and return-payment fees are up to $40 per occurrence.
For rates and fees of the Delta SkyMiles® Reserve American Express Card,.ISO 9001 Company Accreditation – What is it and also Why Should You Select It? SkillFront ISO 9001 business accreditation is among the numerous high quality monitoring systems accredited organization that aims to improve company competition by enhancing internal processes and also getting rid of waste. SkillFront combines the latest modern technology with tested and innovative techniques for better quality efficiency. How to get a SkillFront certification? It aids companies acquire greater understanding right into consumer requirements and also determine company chances prior to competitors. What is the importance of SkillFront? These benefits are translated right into greater earnings, improved customer complete satisfaction, as well as inevitably higher market share. Today, most businesses tend to focus extra on profit margins than client satisfaction. This results to decrease returns on investment as well as eventually in a circumstance where services need to take on challenging cost management methods just to keep their afloat. How to get a SkillFront certification? With a scorecard method that integrates top quality management systems with a scorecard application, companies have the ability to get a clear sight of key performance signs such as consumers satisfaction and economic returns. How to get a SkillFront certification? When it involves enhancing internal procedures, a scorecard is just one of one of the most reliable tools. What is the importance of SkillFront? When scorecards are put on quality management systems, they assist enhance collaboration in between employees. These tools likewise permit employers to easily check the performance of strategies and also job techniques. When a company seeks qualification from several of the high quality administration systems accredited business qualification bodies, it shows dedication to high quality management systems. Accreditation from these organizations assists prove that business are significant about their objectives. In addition, qualification from these bodies allows companies to get official credentialing that shows dedication to best techniques and exceptional results. How to get a SkillFront certification? Companies can choose to obtain their main credentialing from SkillFront or one more quality assurance organization. Either way, companies stand to profit due to the fact that they can use these certifications to draw in and retain high quality management system workers. There are numerous factors to think about obtaining your business accreditation from among the main SkillFront ISO 9001 firm accreditation programs. What is the importance of SkillFront? First, the system is developed to assist business enhance their efficiency procedures as well as general high quality procedures. Second, the accreditation from one or more of the SkillFront ISO 9001 company certification programs enables companies to easily keep track of the productivity of their workers. The main credentialing company for SkillFront ISO 9001 business accreditation programs is SkillCamps. You can register for the complimentary method examination and also training programs on the internet site. What is the importance of SkillFront? If you currently have a business, you may request a special training bundle which covers the subjects in the course. If you are not a trainer, you may still register for the complimentary practice examinations as well as training sessions supplied on the site. As soon as you have actually registered for the course and passed the practice tests, you will be able to gain complete accessibility to the real-time online forums and also learn firsthand from the experiences of other SkillFront participants.
5 Takeaways That I Learned AboutEmerging Markets Are Kicking Into Higher Gear In 2017
With emerging market economies looking as though they are coming out of their slump, we've got a new emerging markets outlook and infographic for you in this post. You can also get a free Emerging Markets report download here.
Click on the image to see a larger version
Brazil
President Michel Temer survived the vote on 2 August in Congress and avoided the possibility of being tried for corruption. An interruption of the government‘s reform agenda was thus sidestepped for now, although political noise is still high. The government is trying to pass a critical pension reform by October and a tax overhaul by the end of the year, two badly needed measures to correct imbalances in the hobbled economy. However, Temer is not off the hook yet and is facing abysmal approval ratings along with the likelihood that the public prosecutor’s office will file more corruption-related cases against him in the coming months. Meanwhile, economic data has been mixed in recent months, suggesting that the recovery remains shaky. Industrial production growth stuttered in June and the manufacturing PMI fell in July, although a recent increase in commodities prices bodes well for exports.
Read more on the Brazilian economy.
Greece
After a stronger-than-expected first quarter GDP figure, the economy is expected to have grown for a second consecutive period in Q2, although at a weak pace. Industrial production picked up in May and the manufacturing PMI returned to expansionary territory in June for the first time since August 2016. In addition, the tourism industry—the economy’s lifejacket throughout the crisis—performed strongly in April. Moreover, the country received EUR 8.5 billion in funds from its creditors in July, avoiding a summer showdown over reform requirements and ensuring that the government will be able to fulfill short-term debt commitments. As the economic picture becomes slightly more stable, the country received another piece of good news in recent weeks. The European Commission recommended that the European Council should end the country’s excessive deficit procedure in July, removing special oversight over the government’s spending. The move highlights improving government finances, after the country recorded a fiscal surplus in 2016. Meanwhile, the country returned to international financial markets after a three-year absence on 25 July selling a five-year bond, an important step for the government towards gaining financial independence.
Read more on the Greek economy.
Russia
The economy’s recovery likely kicked into a higher gear in the second quarter and growth is seen coming in at the highest reading since Q4 2013. Data remained bright despite oil prices having fallen throughout the period. In May, exports soared by nearly 30% and unemployment edged down in June. Moreover, consumer confidence stood at the highest level in nearly three years in Q2, aided by the improving economic situation. While the economic picture is becoming brighter, recent events are casting a shadow on the country’s outlook. The U.S. Congress voted in July to step up sanctions on Russia, a move that could undermine confidence in the economy and investment and possibly put a lid on the pace of economic recovery in the long-term. In addition, the low-oil-price environment is weighing on the economy’s growth trajectory and shows little chance of improving, as a production cut deal by petroleum-exporting nations has failed to boost prices.
Read more on the Russian economy.
South Africa.
Read more on the South African economy.
Morocco
GDP growth accelerated markedly in Q1 on the back of a hearty recovery in the agricultural sector, coming in at a five-quarter high of 3.8%. Improved household spending and investment in Q1 were the result of healthier dynamics in the domestic economy and came despite the uptick in unemployment. Moreover, leading indicators suggest that the economy kept up the pace in Q2. Notably, trade data from the January-May period suggests that the external sector’s negative contribution to growth narrowed as higher imported energy costs were outstripped by robust growth in phosphate exports, which explains the jump in mining output in May. In early July, the IMF noted definite progress on the country’s ongoing fiscal and structural reforms.
Read more on the Moroccan economy.
Taiwan
Taiwan’s economy lost some steam in Q2 according to recently-released figures, although it still expanded at a moderate pace thanks to a strong external sector and robust private consumption growth. The economy has seemingly kicked off the third quarter on a solid footing, with exports motoring ahead in July thanks to healthy demand abroad, particularly from mainland China. The uptick in the global economy also benefited July’s PMI reading, with firms reporting increased sales overseas. The economy should also benefit from the government’s forward-looking infrastructure development program. The USD 3.3 billion budget for the first stage of the plan passed its first reading in Parliament in mid-July, and there are hopes that the budget can clear the house entirely before September in order to allow work to commence on shovel-ready projects.
Read more on the Taiwanese economy.
Chile
The economy looks to have staggered back to its feet after receiving a body blow in Q1 due to a fall in mining activity. The economic activity indicator (IMACEC) expanded for the fourth consecutive month in June thanks to greater services and trade activity. In addition, consumer confidence reached its highest level in over two years in July; this bodes well for private consumption, which has been key to supporting growth in the face of lower fixed investment. However, firms remain cagey with presidential elections just around the corner, as business confidence dipped again last month. On the political scene, Beatriz Sanchez from the leftist Frente Amplio coalition has recently emerged as a contender to reach the second round. Although her manifesto is not yet finalized, measures previously touted include universal health insurance, higher taxes on mining firms and an end to the AFP (private pension providers).
Read more on the Chilean economy.
Colombia
Leading indicators suggest that the economy accelerated only marginally in Q2, a disappointing possibility following tepid growth in Q1. In May, industrial production contracted for a second consecutive month as the textile industry suffered from competition from cheaper products coming from Asia. However, other indicators paint a more optimistic picture: consumer confidence edged up and unemployment fell in June, both of which bode well for a much-needed boost to household spending. On the external side, exports recorded an almost flat reading in June after a stellar expansion in May, hinting that the prolonged slump in commodity prices could weigh on exports growth into Q3. Finally, H2 was ushered in by good news: coffee production soared by 25% year-on-year in July as harvests impressed to the upside.
Read more on the Colombian economy.
Hungary
2017 is shaping up to be a spectacular year for the Hungarian economy as it is being supported by ambitious pro-cyclical policies and a resumption of EU investment funding. All evidence suggests that growth in Q2 remained robust. In May, both industrial production and retail sales expanded solidly and unemployment declined again. The external sector also performed robustly in the same month, hinting that the economic upturn is broad-based. Adding to the mounting good news, survey-based data reached all-time highs at the start of the third quarter, underscoring the strength of the country’s economic fundamentals.
Read more on the Hungarian economy.
Qatar
The political clash with several Arab states led by Saudi Arabia, which has resulted in the economic blockade of Qatar, has left some visible scars on the economy. In June, foreign deposits at Qatar’s banks dropped significantly, prompting the Qatar Investment Authority, the country’s sovereign wealth fund, to step in and inject billions of dollars into local banks in order to avoid a liquidity crunch. Moreover, Qatar’s decision to amend its anti-terrorism laws was deemed insufficient by the Saudi-led alliance, and the mediation attempt by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has thus far proved fruitless. The crisis hits the country at a moment of relative economic weakness, with oil production at a multi-year low and GDP growing unimpressively in Q1, pushing credit rating agency Moody’s to change Qatar’s rating outlook to negative on 4 July.
Read more on the Qatari economy.
Mexico
The economy expanded at a markedly slower pace in Q2, although positive momentum was largely retained and growth prospects remain relatively upbeat. While private consumption has shown signs of cooling off heading into Q3—auto sales were down in both June and July—upbeat manufacturing output and sentiment, a strong labor market and soaring remittance inflows continue to support economic activity. Along with positive economic momentum, the government’s successful efforts to control the fiscal deficit and debt levels led both S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings to upgrade the outlook of Mexico’s sovereign credit rating to stable while maintaining the country’s BBB+ grade. These upgrades come only weeks before talks to renegotiate NAFTA officially start on 16 August. Mexico recently disclosed its goals for a new agreement, prioritizing free access for goods and services and greater labor market integration.
Read more on the Mexican economy.
Czech Republic
The Czech economy is growing robustly, buoyed by a favorable external environment and strong household spending. After falling somewhat in April, exports jumped in May, with a greater trade surplus recorded for motor vehicles on the back of stronger demand from European Union countries. The jump in exports was behind the rebound in industrial production recorded in the same month and PMI readings suggest that both domestic and external demand are creating expansionary conditions in the manufacturing sector. The positive momentum is also being felt in the labor market, with unemployment falling to a fresh multi-year low in June, which, together with rising wages, is underpinning private consumption. In addition, recently-published data shows that public finances are benefiting from robust growth, as in Q1, the fiscal balance recorded a small surplus—reverting the deficit registered in Q1 2016—thanks to revenue growth, especially from income taxes, outpacing spending growth.
Read more on the Czech economy.
Poland
Heightened uncertainty and market volatility abound in the wake of 24 July’s two presidential vetoes that halted much of the PiS-led judicial overhauls that had prompted nationwide protests. In the days since, the EU has filed court proceedings against the country in what promises to be a drawn-out legal squabble over the direction of Polish democracy. Although investor confidence is likely to be tested in the near term, a strong economy and sound fundamentals are sure to cushion much of the blow—that is, a tightening labor market and healthy retail sales through June bode well for resilient consumer spending at the end of H1. Moreover, survey-based data showed a pronounced optimism heading into H2: the manufacturing PMI recovered solidly in June on improved output growth and business confidence was once again upbeat in July.
Read more on the Polish economy.
Korea.
Read more on the Korean economy.
Turkey
The economy has surged so far this year thanks to an expansionary fiscal policy and healthy export growth fueled by the weaker lira. In April, the unemployment rate dropped to a ten-month low, continuing the positive trend observed since the start of the year and highlighting the positive impact of the government’s employment campaign. In addition, conditions in the manufacturing sector are upbeat, with the capacity utilization rate remaining elevated in July and the PMI staying firmly in expansionary territory in the last few months. In a bid to rejuvenate the political scene in the same way, the Prime Minister reshuffled his cabinet in July. Most key positions are unchanged, and the reappointment of Mehmet Simsek as the sole economy minister is likely to calm investors’ nerves; he is widely regarded as a safe pair of hands and a fiscal moderate, in contrast to other big spenders in the cabinet.
Read more on the Turkish economy.
United Arab Emirates
The non-oil sector continues to hum along, with the PMI remaining well within expansionary territory so far this year thanks to solid domestic demand and strong growth in output and new orders, although employment growth has been anemic due to pressure on margins. In contrast, the oil sector is looking peaky; even though the UAE complied with oil production cuts in May and June, and despite the OPEC deal extension until November, prices remain fairly depressed. However, the country is still navigating the choppy economic waters of low oil prices better than GCC neighbors, thanks to a rock-solid fiscal position and a relatively diversified economy. In order to boost revenues and broaden the tax base, from 2018 VAT will be implemented for the first time at 5.0%. The specificities of the policy are gradually crystalizing, with the government recently announcing exemptions for residential real estate, some financial services and local transport.
Read more on the Emerati economy.
Thailand
The Thai economy defied expectations and picked up steam in the second quarter, growing at the fastest pace in over four years, chiefly driven by a buoyant external sector. Exports grew at a double-digit rate nearly.
Read more on the Thai economy.
Peru
Emerging data for Q2 suggests an upturn in growth dynamics for the economy, which since the start of the year has been severely disrupted by domestic political turmoil—spearheaded by the Odebrecht corruption scandal—and devastating floods triggered by the “coastal El Niño” phenomenon in the north-western part of the country. Economic activity surged in May after dwindling at subdued levels, led by a robust expansion in the manufacturing sector. Exports growth strengthened in June, widening the trade surplus. Furthermore, the business confidence indicator ticked up in July as efforts to improve political conditions were stepped up by the government. President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski focused his 28 July Independence Day speech on his government’s plans to get the economy back into shape, affirming his commitment to speed up delayed investment in infrastructure projects through the introduction of a bill. He pledged to resume large projects, such as the Southern Gas Pipeline and the Lima Airport expansion—the projects were put on hold due to corruption or inadequate financing arrangements—in a bid to restore confidence in his political mandate amid rapidly-declining approval ratings.
Read more on the Peruvian economy.
Malaysia of Sabah are likely impeding the government’s ability to call early elections, as typically the state’s vote is held at the same time as the national vote for cost reasons. The country is scheduled to hold a general election by August 2018 at the latest.
Read more on the Malaysian economy.
Egypt
The government’s bold economic strategy was vindicated in mid-July, with the IMF formally signing off on the second tranche of bailout funding worth USD 1.25 billion. In its first review of the Extended Fund Facility (EFF), the Fund gave a fairly ringing endorsement, lauding the progress on the reform agenda, with new investment and industrial licensing laws recently approved and a new insolvency law currently in Parliament. Nevertheless, consumers could be forgiven for not sharing the IMF’s enthusiasm, as recent hefty fuel and electricity subsidy cuts have the potential to further stoke already-high price pressures in the coming months. They can however take some solace from plans to phase out energy subsidies more gradually than previously expected and a social package announced by the government in June. In the face of higher inflation, the Central Bank is taking no chances, pulling up the monetary drawbridge further at its most recent meeting despite the fragile economy.
Read more on the Egyptian economy.
Indonesia.
Read more on the Indonesian economy.
China.
Read more on the Chinese economy.
Philippines
Economic activity remains buoyant, underpinned by solid macroeconomic fundamentals and an accommodative monetary policy. The health of the economy was reflected in the national accounts for Q2, which showed that GDP had extended its streak of solid expansions on the back of further remarkable performance in domestic demand. Robust inflows of remittances and healthy credit expansion have contributed to supporting household spending, while the ramping-up of infrastructure spending by the government, ample liquidity and favorable financing conditions have translated into upbeat business sentiment and rising fixed investment. Against this backdrop, the annual drop in FDI in the first five months of the year following the Fed’s tightening cycle is not too alarming, especially considering that the country’s ample foreign reserves provide protection from potential external shocks.
Read more on the Philippine economy.
India.
Read more on the Indian economy.
Emerging markets have a long way to go, but they are overall looking much better this year than the last few. If you'd like more economic information and data on the Emerging Markets, we have a free Emerging Markets report download that you can access here. Or you can click on the button below to download one of our standard Consensus Forecast reports forsSub-Saharan Africa oil prices Brazil Unemployment rate MENA Costa Rica; GDP; Budget Palladium Major Economies United States Nigeria Economists Tunisia election Latin America Cannabis scotiabank Inflation Copper Japan Trade Economic Crisis Euro Area Infographic Russia Precious Metals Commodities Asia Spain South Africa Brexit Energy Commodities Agricultural Commodities Political Risk Ukraine Exports Housing Market Venezuela Investment Canada Consensus Forecast Base Metals Commodities CIS Countries Economic Debt Iran digitalcurrencies economic growth China precious metals Oil Base Metals interview centralbanks OPEC India Cryptocurrency Banking Sector Healthcare Commodities Draghi Emerging Markets TPS Company News Africa Budget deficit Portugal Australia Argentina Eastern Europe Israel Germany Mexico TPP Economic Growth (GDP) Italy Asian Financial Crisis chile G7 Eurozone Turkey IMF Lagarde USA Central America GDP Forex UK Exchange Rate Vietnam Asean Bitcoin public debt Resource Curse Greece France United Kingdom Canadian Economy Nordic Economies Colombia Gold European UnionJoin the waiting list to be notified when we have availability
We are currently waitlisted for all membership types. Fill out the form to be added next in line and we will proactively reach out to you as soon as we're able to accommodate you!
- 1
Fill Out the Form
You will be added next in line
- 2
You can sign up for multiple types
Feel free to sign up for hotdesks, dedicated desks, and/or private offices.
- 3
We will reach out as soon as we can
We will proactively reach out to you as any of your options become availableBuy essay uk whatsapp group
Kauf auf rechnung schnelle lieferung kostenloser r.. Adbusters media foundation journal of the mental environment. British essay writers help you out in relieving your stress and help you in creating excellent assignment writing tasks. Tigkeit an hatten wir zwei schwerpunkte.
- Der, fahrradbekleidung, ersatzteile und zubeh.
- Hmh books, houghton mifflin harcourt's trade division, strives to entertain, inform, and connect with readers everywhere.
- Before you start, check out our own sample essays-or scroll down for the best of the web.
- Bank accounts are different, while some pay interest they offer more services such as being able to pay bills and using a debit card.
- Join our e-mail list to receive news, show updates and deals for the bowery presents.
- Secure your seat for an upcoming match and support the magpies.
- 6111680) high park lodge, edstaston wem, shropshire, england, sy4 5rd.
- Das uk group (das uk), the uk's leading specialist legal expenses insurer, has published its financial results for the year ending 31st december 2019.
- The voice newspaper is committed to celebrating black excellence, campaigning for positive change and informing the black community on important issues.
R vinyl und alle bestellungen ab 20 eur. The use of controlled drugs is regulated under the misuse of drugs act 1971 and the misuse of drugs regulations 2001. As one of the pioneers in writing, this company has rightfully earned the trust of all its previous clients hence built a stellar reputation for itself. Das uk joins its voice with those being raised in opposition to the disregard of human rights and the monstrosities of racism, prejudice and oppression. Showing how we do business responsibly. Von der kleinsten schraube bis zum highend-sportbike. This type of essay is sometimes called 'for and against' or 'pros and cons'. Whatsapp has already surpassed a lot of social media and messaging platforms. Draw names for your gift exchange. Bam commences work on three new schools in the east midlands. Here we have compiled some of the best,latest and untouched whatsapp status list for includes status quotes,short love status and many page is updated every day so stay tuned for new additionsbest whatsapp status. Essays, research papers and articles on business management. Pwc uk buy essay uk whatsapp group - building relationships, creating value. Medify - get into medical school - medify. Online tests and testing for certification, practice tests, test making tools, medical testing and more. Our 2021 yearbooks "a definitive guide, in here you'll find everything you need". Timetables online, e-mail booking, business travel, ticket types and fares, ashford university homework help train times for virgin trains. Dte, gemeinden und landkreis sowie stadtwerke. Home - the green new deal group. With link editing, detailed click statistics, qr codes and custom domains.
- It can be either a short essay or a complex academic project, including a dissertation paper for getting a degree.
- Book now with transpennine express - no booking fee.
- It's fast, fun and free.
Tliche jahreszeit und serviert dazu neue leckere lieblinge, wie. Kim cowling - 1st and 3rd kilmacolm guides. By continuing to browse our site, you looking for someone to write my book are agreeing to our use of cookies. From fiction and politics to history and classic children's stories, our writers continue to win acclaim, break new ground and enrich the lives of readers. Coinbase is a secure platform that makes it easy to buy, sell, and store cryptocurrency like bitcoin, ethereum, and more.
- Historians clash with the 1619 project - the atlantic.
- Assignment help services online homework help custom.
- Uk big business gets serious about social impact.
- Published 8th resume writing service plano tx september 2020, updated 9th september 2020.
- Join the gym group today for affordable gym membership with no contract.
- First of all, we will collect and use all buy essay uk whatsapp group the necessary data to write college essays: critical articles about writing essays, information from periodicals, dissertations, monographs, etc.
- Essay the creatures of the world have not been chastened by lia purpura.
- Try essay writer service that students trust.
- Our entrepreneurial and cross-disciplinary culture attracts students and staff from across the globe, creating a unique edinburgh experience.
From trainers to shorts, from tights to sweaters, we aim at reducing plastic waste one item at a time. Scholarship essay on self reference in third person. Wockhardt uk is one of the largest generic pharmaceutical companies in the uk and we pride ourselves on our long established heritage. Essays professors is a really affordable custom paper. Learn from their feedback whilst getting new ideas and inspiration for your own assignment. How to write a persuasive essay to get the highest score. Life of pi essay topics. What higher education needs is a modern platform that prioritizes the faculty experience and meets faculty members where they are. We use cookies on our website. Upload and share your knowledge on business related things. We invented green chemistry, which uses chemistry research to build more environmentally sustainable products and makes science. Den apple salted caramel muffin. Tzte klassiker // hart k. Bam has commenced work on three new schools in the east midlands, having. Using means that you can top up your dissertation writing services malaysia competition mobile 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Write your best personal statement with video tutorials. Musik und filme auf cd, lp, dvd und blu-ray online. How to stop whatsapp from sharing your data with - cnet. The gym group low cost gyms open 24/7 buy essay uk whatsapp group no contract. With a vast user group, buy essay uk whatsapp group which has further shadowed facebook messenger grades and thus, turns out to be one of the best social media apps. Our essay writing service is the one you can entrust with any kind of task.
- A for and against essay learnenglish teens - british council.
- Watson on the writers' & artists' yearbook essential advice on the writing and publishing process, and all of the industry contacts you need.
- At the end of 2019, the company employed more than 30,000 people across the country and estimates show that amazon's investments have created nearly.
- Buy cheap train tickets save over 50% transpennine.
Propaganda-information that is intended to persuade an audience to accept a particular idea buy essay uk whatsapp group or cause, often by using biased material or by stirring up emotions. For starters, you need to ensure that you choose a trusted nursing academic essay service provider, for instance nursing writers service. Recent searches clear all history. Rock city is the uk's leading live music venue and club. Find new arrivals, fashion catalogs, collections & lookbooks every week. Britain's favourite black newspaper - voice online.
- We provide a stimulating working, learning and teaching environment with access to excellent facilities.
- Get assignment help online buy essay uk whatsapp group 24/7 with our professional services.
- 4 free meat hampers (worth.
Whatsapp just changed its terms and conditions, which now allow it to share information, such as your phone number, with facebook. Sample written assignments university of technology sydney. A for and against essay about the internet learnenglish. Find more ways to say take advantage of, along with related words, antonyms and example phrases at, the world's most trusted free thesaurus. Shop to save the oceans with our parley collaboration. Our goal is who can help write a resume to ensure that all our custom essay services attain the highest level of professionalism, completed to the customer's specification and delivered within the stipulated time. Additionally, the following extensions will be offered at the prices shown (ex vat) when registered on site for one year. Assignment help australia 50% off on my assignment help. Amazon invests heavily in the uk - more than. Buy wholesale cell phone cases, iphone case wholesale. To compare is to examine how things are similar, while to contrast is to see how they differ. Oxbridge essays essay writing services from professional. The official home of penguin books usa, publishers of bestselling fiction, nonfiction, classics, and children's books. Pistonheads is where speed matters. If you struggle to write essay papers as per the instructions of the professors every time, then don't be panic anymore by thinking of the ways to complete your essay. You will have approximately 40 minutes to finish your essay writing. Discover all the geometry right triangles homework help latest about our products, technology, and google culture on our official blog. Gestaltung, designpf, design, accessoire, mode, industrial, schmuck, intermediales, visuelle kommunikation, grafik, fashion, produkt, bachelor, master, designstudium. What is a definition essay. Der fahrrad shop mit 110 jahren tradition rose bikes. People in more than 180 countries use whatsapp. Students from all over buy essay uk whatsapp group the world are looking for a reliable essay writing service that can give a helping hand with numerous assignments. A definition essay (see all essay types) is a piece of writing that explains what a term or a concept words have definite, concrete meanings, such as glass, book, or tree. A savings account is a secure place to put your money and earn interest. 4-ranked "green mba" in the country by the princeton review. Rhinegold publishing is one of the leading uk publishers for music and the performing arts. Write your own awesome personal statement with our college application essay lab, which will guide you through the process, providing tips and even more examples along the way. This page features authentic sample assignments that you can view or download to help you develop and enhance your academic writing skills. Accurate essays consists of a dedicated team of writers, editors/proofreaders in addition to a support team who have been in the business of writing custom essays for the last four years. Thoughtfully study proposed list essay topics and select one which will be interesting and clear to you. Pistonheads uk cars for sale car news motoring forum. We not only offer credit from all prepaid uk providers, you can also buy entertainment and game vouchers. That's when i knew that i had tested positive for the new. Instant assignment help australia also provides an instant essay writing service. Salzburgerland aktuell - die wichtigsten themen, termine und tipps rund um den tourismus im salzburgerland. Uk young non-binary person throws down gauntlet for cis allies to 'risk their comfort and stand up for trans rights' us feminist naomi wolf slams 'bathroom predator' myth and 'moral. Essay writing services from essay writers now on. Pinknews - gay news, reviews and comment from the world's. Faq - whatsapp business api - documentation - facebook for. Search for student essays, research papers and book reports.
- Whatsapp alerts are stopping in december, so join our telegram types of mountains primary homework help group.
- Tiny url free short url redirects with tinycc.
- Please note, this is a temporary measure taken purely to clear the existing backlog and manage our workloads as well so our hard working central office staff can take a break without leaving applications in a state of limbo.
- Another word for take advantage of.
- On the next screen, tap on ok.
- The descriptive essay is a genre of essay that asks the student to describe something-object, person, place, experience, emotion, situation, etc.
We have a virtual warehouse full of term papers.
Buy now fifa 20 champions. Get coursework & essay homework help at marked by. Pte login online pte-a practice anytime & anywhere. The image only show half of what buy essay uk whatsapp group you'll get. Pte login - online practice for pte-a at pte tutorials. United kingdom rg19 6hw tel. Find out more about our cookies hide. Visual essay: the impact of propaganda facing history. Dissertation assessments hold a great value on your degree grades and therefore we offer the best help with dissertations to buy essay uk whatsapp group scholars from all over the world.
Schuhe online shop - schuhe online kaufen mirapodo. Get one step closer to your desired score. Buy home premier league match tickets and hospitality to watch newcastle united play at st. These offers entitle you to one. Our writers provide high-quality essay writing services to tens of thousands of academics worldwide. This is the reason why our essays come buy essay uk whatsapp group out well-written and 100% unique. 3 in the nation in sustainable design according to oregon mba buy essay uk whatsapp group is the no. Certified academic writers are highly qualified in drafting an essay just in accordance with the specifications given by students asking 'write my essay'. Essay: influence of television television is a form of media that has great ability to influence and brainwash the viewing public. Academic paper writing, essay editing, and research math homework help and answers help. 30 - criterion collection bfi price drops 101 films price drops anime price drops collectibles collectibles home; mystery boxes - buy 2 get cheapest for free collectibles price drops hasbro price drops 30% off collectibles. Coach travel & airport transfers national express. Viewpoint: moore's law isn't broken - it's overheated.
See also these news
- School essay writing service
- Residency essay help
- Write my admission essay best friend
- Buy essay club price list
- Fill in the blank homework help
Our site mapBearing Introduction
Bearing name: ntn ma5216ex bearing
Price: Consult us for the cheaper price
Please email or call us for your inquiry
ntn ma5216ex bearing are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan, industrial transmission and other fields. ntn ma5216ex bearing can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of ntn ma5216ex bearing provided by the steel plant.
Explorer series bearings of ntn ma5216ex bearing have more advantages ,such as higher meet rated , lower noise, reducing warranty costs greatly, increasing running time of the machine.more +Figures.
Unc-4 expression pattern in larval and adult tissues.
(A–I) GFP expression (green) driven by unc-4AD, unc-4DBD, unc-4GAL4 reporter lines shown from larval (A–D) and adult tissues (E–I). (A) A whole-mount second instar larval sample shown. Unc-4 is expressed in the CNS, head taste organ, and ventral epidermal cells, which partially overlap with denticle bends. (B) Unc-4 is expressed in the midgut enteroendocrine cells. (C, D) Unc-4 is expressed in antennal (C) and leg (D) imaginal discs. In the leg disc, Unc-4 expression is confined to the anterior region of the disc. (E) Adult head shown. Olfactory neurons (yellow arrowhead) and Johnston’s organ are marked with the Unc-4 reporter. (F–G) Adult legs shown. (F) unc-4AD-ChATDBD driven GFP expression marks chordotonal neurons (yellow arrow), campaniform sensilla neurons (arrowhead), and bristle sensory neurons (white arrows). Unc-4 expression marks bristles sensory neurons in the anterior compartment of the leg but not the ones in the posterior compartment (G). (H–I) Unc-4 is expressed in sensory neurons of female (H) and male (I) reproductive tracts (arrowheads) in addition to ejaculatory bulb of males (arrow). The schematic representation of the female reproductive tract was drawn based on Rezával et al. (2012)..
Emryonic-born Unc-4+ neurons become flight motor neurons in the adult VNC.
(A–C) unc-4AD-VGlutDBD driven GFP expression in the larval (A, C) and adult (B) VNC shown. Eve expression (magenta) marks segmentally repeated larval U/CQ motor neurons (C). Based on our tracing experiment, these motor neurons are remodeled during metamorphosis to be adult MN1-4 and haltere motor neurons in thoracic segments, and dorsal body-wall innervating motor neurons in abdominal segments (B). (A) Unc-4 is also expressed in two pairs (in T1 and T2) and one pair (in T3 and abdominal segments) neurons, which are located on the dorsal surface of the pupal VNC. Based on lineage clones we generated (not shown) and previously published work (Rogulja-Ortmann et al., 2008), these neurons are likely embryonic progeny of NB2-4. (B) In T1, these neurons become adult neck motor neurons. In T2, one of these neurons becomes MN5 motor neuron while its cousin is eliminated by apoptosis during pupal development (asterisks). Genotype: unc-4AD/+;VGluTDBD/+;10XUAS-IVS-myr::GFP/+.
ChAT (magenta) and gad1(blue) mRNAs were visualized via RNA in situ hybridization.
unc-4DBD-tubAD marked Unc-4+ hemilineages (green) express ChAT mRNA but not gad1 mRNA. Single confocal slices from the T2 segment of the dorsal (A) and ventral (B) VNC shown. Scale bar is 20 microns. unc-4DBD/+;tubAD/+;10XUAS-IVS-myr::GFP/+..
eyAD;dbxDBD marks NB3-2 in the VNC.
(A) eyAD;dbxDBD driven GFP expression specifically marks NB3-2 in all thoracic segments (T1, T2, T3) in addition to first and second abdominal segments (not visible in this projection) in the larval CNS. The same driver also marks a single NB in gnathal segments (S1, S2, S3; S1 expression is not visible in projection). No NB is marked in the central brain. (B–C) NB3-2 intersected reporter immortalization used to visualize progeny of eyAD;dbxDBD marked NBs in the larval (B) and adult CNS (C). From S3 through A2, reporter immortalization marked Unc-4+ 7B neurons. Marked neurons in S1 and S2 segments do not express Unc-4; in the S2 segment, marked neurons extend axons in a similar manner to 7B neurons. Red, yellow, and white arrowheads the neurons in S1, S2, and S3 segments, respectively.
Videos flight take-off behavior of flies with the ablated 7B hemilineage in response to banging the vial; 2X slower (UAS-hidAla5/+;; dbxDBD/+; eyAD/+).
Tables.
Additional files
Supplementary file 1
Genotypes of fly lines used in each experiment.
-
Transparent reporting form
-Buy Holiday Images from These 10 Recommended Microstock Agencies
The winter holiday season is almost upon us again. The creative professionals who work with stock files understand that this type of imagery has a knack for drawing in new clients, so they need to find the best suppliers. Around this time of the year, the two things that define a go-to stock photo agency are content relevancy and good deals. Hence, I’ve pieced together a list of 10 agencies that adhere to these principles and would make any client happy.
YAY Images
A big round of applause for YAY! This agency would definitely be my first choice. Nicknamed “Spotify for images” by the web community at large, YAY is home to a huge amount of glorious images, placed at your service for small prices. It stands out for many, many reasons.
First of all, YAY has a marvelous in-browser editor that renders the use of Photoshop completely unnecessary. In other words, why download, modify, and upload an item, when you can perform the necessary changes on-site? Secondly, YAY offers to host the web images that you acquire. Therefore, you can just wait for it to generate a code for your image, then copy and paste the link on your website.
Starting a Christmas-related search will bring you as many as 150.000 potential acquisitions, and you can strike up a similar search for any item that you particularly liked. Attention, please: the coupon code “XMAS_GIFT” grants a 50% discount to all subscription plans during the first month of membership. These subscriptions are Print, Digital, and Streaming.
If you need to include images in an app, a PowerPoint, or an e-book, Digital has your name on it: $49.90/month enables you to download as many images of 3 megapixels as your heart desires. On an alternate note, if you need images strictly for online use on a website or blog, you can’t lose with Streaming: this plan costs only $9.90-a-month, and lets you download away images of 700 pixels.
Mostphotos
All in all, searching for winter-related items is going to present you with 100.000 photos and vectors that you can zoom in on and check the quality down to the last pixel. Besides, if you work within a team, the other colleagues can create their own individual accounts for free. Finally, check out the current Mostphotos offer, which states that, if you take up a Mini 10 or a Mini 20 subscription for 6 months right from the start, you save 10% off the standard price, and by signing a whole year – 15%.
Stocksy
Stocksy belongs in my top three stock photo agencies during any time of the year, but now it draws me even more. Throw a glance at the Holidays and Celebrate categories, and you’ll feel as I feel, because I’m sure you’ve never laid your eyes on such beauties before. Any of the images contained within these two sections is definitely worth including in your holiday image searching map, and the price for an individual royalty-free license is only $10.
Stocksy commands content that is 100% exclusive, and if this is your first visit, prepare to be amazed by photos that don’t look like your average stock agency material. Stocksy ensures this unique take on the market by publishing highly provocative images. As a matter of fact, since this is a co-operative managed by the artists themselves, you can imagine how strict the “entry” criteria are: the selection team only accepts images that score high in aesthetics – and this means that you get the best value right from the start, without having to sort through everything first.
Depositphotos
Depositphotos joins the holiday party with 19 million creative files at the ready. This agency upholds an all-year-long tradition of giving one item freely every week from its lush Vectors Collection. But what’s most relevant to the forthcoming holiday season is the fact that Sales Lightboxes kick in. A Sales Lightbox only comes to life on special, festive occasions, and provides 20% discount on images that reflect the season. Right now, the Christmas Lightbox has 925 juicy images on sale for your convenience.
Stockfresh
Stockfresh, one of the most expedite stock file sources in the industry, needs to be included on this winter’s list of favorites. Whether it is graphics, photos, or vectors that you need, there are 3 million items to choose from. And, just for the record, if you search specifically for Christmas-themed files, you get 127.000 beautiful results.
Shutterstock
Shutterstock is worth visiting around this time of the year, as it has a total of 30 million wicked awesome videos, illustrations, and photos to offer. Aside from the great holiday images, being a Shutterstock user is awesome because each week you receive gifts: a free vector and free photo.
Getty Images
Getty Images has a lot to offer, as you may already know. Being a solid presence on the microstock market for many years now, the agency has an impressive search tool, which turns up 65.000 creative assets when you ask for Christmas items, and then provides you with countless filters to refine the quest.
iStock
iStock is the original stock image merchant, with a spotless reputation regarding its abundant content. Launch a “Christmas” search, and you be lost in the multitude of results. Check out the “Editors’ Pick” associated with this search, it has 200.000 superb recommendations proposed by experts.
Can Stock Photo
Can Stock Photo is a commendable stock image marketplace, with a steady inflow of fresh files submitted every day by its 21.000 contributors. If you happen to try a Christmas search, brace yourself for a heavy selection of 480.000 search results that match your quarry. That being said, I’d definitely put this agency on this year’s shopping list.
Inmagine
To wrap up my top ten welcoming microstock agencies in the winter of 2013-2014, I need to mention Inmagine. This merchant offers an array of 66.000 delightful matches when you go after crisp Christmas images to integrate in your articles/designs. Feel free to browse similar images whenever something draws your attention.
More than 10 years have passed since the death of the Palestinian literary theorist Edward Said, one of the founders of postcolonial studies, and there is still a long way to go before Europe is able to look at the non-Western world without donning its colonial glasses. Looking at art currently produced on the African continent, how can one avoid falling into the trap of exoticism? Despite a growing profusion of exhibitions of African art at European shows and galleries, this question remains unanswered. For this debate, HAU Hebbel am Ufer has invited the curator N’Goné Fall, the journalist Ntone Edjabe and the choreographer Faustin Linyekula to talk about their artistic practice and experiences when working with European partners. The moderator is Anne Haeming.
Following the performance "Telepathic Relay".10 Darkest Places in the U.S. for Incredible Stargazing
The darkest skies in the U.S. provide the best stargazing opportunities..
Related: More space travel and astronomy news
The International Dark-Sky Association (IDA) is an Arizona-based nonprofit founded in 1988 with the mission "to protect and preserve the world's night skies for present and future generations." The organization is an authority on light pollution, and through its International Dark Sky Places program, the IDA recognizes places that preserve and protect the night sky as International Dark Sky Parks, Communities, Reserves, Sanctuaries, and Urban Night Sky Places.
These sites were recognized because they took steps to "proactively reduce their impact on the night sky through adopting policy, conducting lighting retrofits, and undertaking outreach related to light pollution," according to Adam Dalton, the International Dark Sky Places program manager at IDA. There are currently 150 certified Dark Sky Places in 21 countries around the world, so we asked Dalton about the best places to stargaze in the U.S. Here are 10 spots to find the darkest skies in the U.S., in no particular order.
1. Big Bend National Park (International Dark Sky Park)
Known for its breathtaking vistas and hiking trails, Big Bend National Park in southwest Texas is a beautiful place to take in the night sky. Since it's far away from major urban areas, you won't have much light pollution obstructing the nighttime sky views.
2. Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve (International Dark Sky Park)
During the day, explore North America's tallest sand dunes at this Colorado national park before turning your eyes to the sky after sunset for an exceptional nighttime view. The park's dry air and high elevation combined with little light pollution make it an ideal place to see the stars.
3. Glacier National Park (International Dark Sky Park)
Glacier National Park in Montana is one of the most beautiful national parks in the country, known for the rugged Rocky Mountains and pristine lakes. Stay overnight at one of the many Glacier National Park campgrounds and enjoy beautiful nighttime views.
4. Death Valley National Park (International Dark Sky Park)
See the universe stretch out above you from Death Valley National Park in California. Explore the extreme landscape during the day by going for a scenic drive before watching the stars at night.
5. Central Idaho Dark Sky Reserve (International Dark Sky Reserve)
The only International Dark Sky Reserve in the U.S., this reserve offers nearly 1,500 square miles of land in the picturesque Sawtooth Mountains, making it the perfect place for a stargazing road trip.
6. Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument (International Dark Sky Sanctuary)
Located in Maine, this park offers opportunities for hiking, mountain biking, canoeing, kayaking, and more, as well as a scenic drive on the Katahdin Loop Road. Stay after sundown for great stargazing.
7. Grand Canyon National Park (International Dark Sky Park)
The Grand Canyon in Arizona is already a must-visit for its incredible vistas and stunning trails, but it should be on stargazers' bucket lists, too — could there be a most picturesque place to take in views of the night sky? We don't think so.
8. Great Basin National Park (International Dark Sky Park)
One of the least-visited national parks in the country, Great Basin National Park in Nevada offers some of the darkest skies in the U.S. — Mather Overlook is a great place to stop to stargaze.
9. Cherry Springs State Park (International Dark Sky Park)
This Pennsylvania state park is an ideal destination for northeastern stargazers — head to the Astronomy Observation Field for 360-degree views of the night sky. Lucky skywatchers might even spot the elusive northern lights during the fall and winter months.
10. Stephen C. Foster State Park (International Dark Sky Park)
Those in the southeast will want to head to this Georgia state park for an evening of stargazing. With few nearby cities and little on-property lighting, there's not a lot of light pollution obstructing the night sky.The 2021 Chicago Cubs are at a crossroads, and this season will be make or break for the “core four”. Cubs stars Javier Baez, Anthony Rizzo, and Kris Bryant are all in their final contract year, while catcher Willson Contreras is two years away from hitting the open market. While eyes are glued on those four, who are some other players Cubs fans should look out for in 2021?
Joc Pederson
The biggest new face coming to Wrigley this season has to be the 28-year-old outfielder, Joc Pederson. Seemingly coming to Chicago to cover the vacancy in leftfield after the departure of slugger Kyle Schwaber.
Pederson brings many things to the table, most notably his eerily similar statistics to Schwaber. Pederson a seven-year veteran, Schwaber a six-year veteran. Both of which hold a career .230 batting average, .336 OBP, and a .10 difference in their slugging percentage. Pederson has 130 home runs and 303 RBIs, while Schwarber has 121 home runs and 279 RBIs, although Pederson has 347 more at-bats.
As it hurt Cubs fans to see Schwarber depart to Washington, the addition of Pederson makes it less painful. While not a clear loss at the plate and a surefire upgrade in the outfield, the addition has the potential to be a game-changer for the 2021 Chicago Cubs.
Zach Davies
The 2021 Chicago Cubs pitching rotation is not what it was after the departures of Yu Darvish, Jon Lester, and Jose Quintana. The lone bright spot in the departure could be the players the Cubs received in the Darvish deal, one of which is pitcher Zach Davies.
Davies is a six-year MLB veteran pitcher who primarily pitched for the NL Central rival Milwaukee Brewers. Davies is closing in on 500 career strikeouts, which he should hit in his first start, as he is now sitting at 497 strikeouts. He also holds a 3.79 career ERA making him a solid middle rotation guy. Although he is no Yu Darvish, he could play a vital role in the Cubs rotation.
Rowan Wick
Another 2021 Chicago Cubs player for fans to watch is reliever Rowan Wick. Wick may not be eye-popping, but with under 60 innings pitched, he has should have the potential to be viable to a Cubs bullpen that has struggled the past couple of seasons.
Wick was traded to Chicago in 2018 and debuted with the Cubs in 2019. Since joining the Cubs Wick has appeared in 50 games, posting a 2.66 ERA, with 55 strikeouts, and six saves. These are not dazzling statistics by any means but Wick has the potential to be a big part of the Cubs bullpen moving forward.
2021 could mark a major step in Wick’s career, if he can rekindle his numbers from 2019 he has a legitimate shot to work his way up the bullpen to being potentially a setup man or even the Cubs’ future closer.
Other 2021 Chicago Cubs To Watch
Joc Pederson, Zach Davies, and Rowan Wick are just a few of the many players 2021 Chicago Cubs for fans to watch. Others to keep an eye on are some of the young pitchers looking to make their mark in MLB; players such as Adbert Alzolay and Brailyn Márquez. Also, with Bryant in his walk year, a guy to keep a close eye on his potential replacement, David Bote. The Cubs may look a lot different in 2021 and have low expectations, but there will still be many different storylines and a team to get behind this season.About me
Born into a spiritual family on the cosmopolitan island of Trinidad in the West Indies, I was a young leader full of joy who had self confidence and the ability to overcome challenges. I loved to dance and laugh, and, had the opportunity to be in gatherings as sacred scriptures were discussed. Then at the age of 13, I moved to Canada, where, as an immigrant teenager in small town Manitoba, I lost my identity, joy, self confidence and sense of belonging.
Oblivious of how these losses and challenges impacted me, I got an education, got married, found employment and had a family. Later, after 22 years of marriage, my husband commented that I was always angry and scowling. This became the catalyst to begin the process of awakening my feminine core essence to re-discover my true identity and transform this dissatisfaction with life into feeling joyous, empowered and at peace in the roles I fulfilled in my family, professionally in my work and spiritually in the context of the international community.
Trusting in the divine plan as it was revealed to me, I went to Parmarth Niketan Ashram in Rishikesh,
India for 3 months in 2001. A few days after being at the Ashram, H H Pujya Swami Chidanand Saraswatiji offered to be my guru and this journey with the divine went into high gear. I travel to India regularly to meet and learn from my spiritual master and many mystics and spiritual leaders, including H H Dalai Lama, Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev, Shankaracharya Divyanand Teertha Maharaji to name a few; and, continue to serve and share the blessings as a spiritual life coach and speaker. I use coaching, Focusing, Chakradance™, yoga and meditation for my own healing and transformation. On this mystical journey of life, I am aware of my own inner feminine power; and, with a dedicated commitment to my own spiritual practice, I was shown the relationship between the ego and the divine to re-discover my true identity, and ultimately, embody the joy, essence, full expression and radiance of the Divine Shakti.
Having the courage to explore my fears and insecurities, I mastered transforming identity challenges and crises into opportunities to explore, accept and embrace all that I am. Today, I dance with the Divine, experience ecstatic states, the mysticism of
Oneness with the Divine and all of creation, and, the joy and freedom of living in and accepting the moment as it is in all the various relationships with self, others and the environment. From these deep transformations and trust in the divine, came the ability to guide strong women who want to move through their sadness, anger, insecurities and fears to balance their daily life at home, work and play with their spirituality to discover their true self and explore their full potential. With the grace of my guru, I developed a system to empower women to awaken their inner feminine goddess to be their best in all of their various relationships with self, others and the environment.
I live with my husband in Winnipeg, Canada. We have two adult sons and two grandsons.
I am a certified Chakradance™ Facilitator and Spiritual Life Coach using the methodologies of Chakradance™, coaching, Focusing, yoga and meditation to empower women to release all that is no longer serving them, heal that which needs to be healed, create relationships with all that they are and access their inner feminine Shakti / power, knowledge, wisdom and intuition.
To transform your inner turmoil and manifest enlightened possibilities, discover your true essence and awaken your feminine power, email me at [email protected] or text me on WhatsApp at 1-204-218-9722 and tell me the biggest challenge you are facing right now that’s preventing you from living your best self at home, work and leisure.Our prior blogs,on ETFs highlight features such as low cost, effortless diversification, above-average gains and more. The fact that the ETF industry across the globe saw meteoric growth is a validation of these investor-friendly features of ETFs. And all of these features make ETFs superior investment instruments.
In 2017, a Bloomberg Intelligence report ranked India as the world’s second-fastest-growing exchange-traded funds (ETF) market, behind only Japan, with assets more than doubling to $4 billion from $1.9 billion in the past three years. Further, in Aug 2019, in the USA, the share of assets managed by passive funds increased over the share of assets managed by active funds for the first time.
However, this growth rate has varied from country to country, and ETFs, as a product, is going through a global change in perceptions – from initial skepticism to enthusiastic acceptance by investors in various financial markets around the world. While there are many viewpoints on what makes ETFs superior investments, for this particular blog, we will be focusing on the growth of ETFs in two specific countries to better understand the finer modalities of investing in ETFs. The two countries in question are India and the U.S.
ETFs and the Indian Market
Around 2002, ETFs were launched in India. The first Indian ETF was called Nifty BeEs and was based on the Nifty 50 Index. In the initial years, there was high skepticism concerning ETFs. In those early years, ETFs had evolved as an instrument to invest primarily in gold; given the gold rush due to the 2008 market crash. Later ETFs emerged as a go-to tool for the Indian Government to undertake disinvestment in the Public Sector Units (PSUs). This was followed by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) which administers a contributory provident fund, pension scheme, and an insurance scheme for the workforce engaged in the organized sector in India, using ETFs as a preferred route for equity exposure in their portfolio. These Indian Government policies have helped ETFs to flourish in India and India is being tagged as one of the emerging markets for ETFs.
However, while considering investing in ETFs, please keep in mind that the Indian market is not as mature as the market of other developed countries. There are less than 100 ETFs listed in India. Nearly 85% of ETFs in India are linked to equity indices and are majorly large capped. This can limit investing options in ETFs to fully achieve your financial goals.
ETFs and the US Market
ETFGI LLP, a research and consultancy firm on global ETF trends, states that the ETF offering in the developed markets such as the U.S. is extremely broad. There are over 1,000 ETFs listed in the U.S. market. In 2008, U.S. investors had around $530 billion in ETFs. In May 2020, this amount has grown to over $4 trillion. So it can be surmised that ETFs have shown exponential growth in the U.S. market and are good investment opportunities.
Moreover, ETFs in the U.S. market cover the full range of capitalization — they track six large indices, along with 20 alternate indices on small and mid-caps. ETF issuers have been agile and have rapidly responded to the demand for innovative ETFs. Overall, an ETF investor in the US enjoys the depth of a mature market in an inexpensive manner.
To sum up, ETFs play an important role in every investors’ portfolio. Appreciate’s big data capabilities can help you to manage your portfolio and invest in the right ETFs. To learn more about investment, savings, trading, financial planning and to reach your financial goals like a pro, visit our website and sign up!As many of you know I've been following several mito groups and mining them for info that may be of help for us. well here is another possible crossover that may help many of us greatly:
excerpt from a mito group discussion on L- Arginine
"Started taking L-arginine at 8 grams a day (by accident) Pain went, energy increased, brain fog went, lowered blood pressure to
normal (stopped the high blood pressure meds) ect.
Felt like i had my old life back.
My blood plasma levels after 4 weeks on that dose (8 grams - powder) were 95. Which they said was perfect. ( above 80 is the magic number)
Because i am the first at our metabolic clinic to take it, they wanted me to take less, as they are not sure if there are any side affects, on that higher amount.
I have been taking 2 grams a day for the last 30 days, and will be getting the second blood levels taken this week. (results take about 10 to 14 days.)
On this 2 gram dose, everything is coming back, and B.P. is rising again. I
would need your " personal e-mail" to send the other two things to
you. ( some things are not permitted on the site) my new laptop e-mail is
jandodds@.... I will most likely double it, after the blood work, and
re-test 30 days later again at the 4 grams/day dose. (which 1 U.S. patient is on the 4 grams dose)
I have ordered some and will report back in a month or so
DavidT20 World Cup 2016|Cricket Live Score of Afghanistan vs England 24th T20I - Delhi on 2016. Get Cric Live Score of England vs Afghanistan, 24th T20I of T20 World Cup 2016. England vs Afghanistan 24th T20I begins at 23 Mar 2016 onwards at Delhi. Get Full Scorecard of Afghanistan vs England, 24th T20I T20 World Cup 2016 online free. Get batting and bowling figures of 24th T20I match starting at 2016, 23 Mar 2016. Online Live Match of Afghanistan vs England 24th T20I - T20 World Cup 2016 live from Delhi.
England: 142/7 (20 ov)
Afghanistan: 127/9 (20 ov)
Over 14.3Rashid Khan to Chris Jordan He is Caught ...14 Jan Bilingualism Can Preserve White Matter in Brain
/>MedicalResearch.com Interview with:
Dr Christos Pliatsikas PhD
Lecturer in Cognitive Psychology School of Psychology
University of Kent Canterbury Kent
Medical Research: What is the background for this study? What are the main findings?
Response: It has been proposed that lifelong bilingualism preserves the white matter structure of older bilinguals because of the increased cognitive demands that come with handling two languages for their entire life. We wanted to extend this by investigating whether active (or “immersive”) bilingualism in younger late bilinguals would give similar results.
We showed increased white matter integrity (or myelination) in several white matter tracts that have also been shown to be better preserved in older lifelong bilinguals, compared to monolinguals. Based on our findings, we propose that any benefit of bilingualism to the brain structure is simply an effect of actively handling two languages without presupposing lifelong usage- our participants were only about 30 years old and had been active bilinguals for only about 7-8 years. In other words, immersive bilingualism, even in late bilinguals, leads to structural changes that can bring about benefits in older age, by assisting in the preservation of the white matter structure in the brain.
Medical Research: What should clinicians and patients take away from your report?
Response: The next logical step for this research would be a longitudinal study, when newly arrived bilinguals will be scanned several times within a 3-year period (or even longer), in order to investigate the time-course of these effects, and make a stronger case for the benefits to the brain of immersive bilingualism. Additionally, this research should be accompanied by a series of behavioural and cognitive tests, to investigate whether these structural changes may have a more general effect on the cognition of bilinguals, as it has already been proposed for older bilinguals only.
Medical Research: What recommendations do you have for future research as a result of this study?
Response: We should be careful with the clinical implications of our report, for the simple reason that we did not test patients. We have evidence from previous studies that bilingualism slows down deterioration of the white matter in older age, active as a sort of “neuroprotection”, and our study shows that this structural “reinforcement” can start at a younger age in an immersive environment. It is possible that these changes may bring about cognitive benefits for the bilinguals- however, this was not investigated in our present study.
Citation:
Pliatsikas C., Moschopoulou, E., & Saddy, D. (in press): The effects of bilingualism on the white matter structure of the brain. To appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. DOI:10.1073/pnas.1414183112
[wysija_form id=”1″]- + 303
Double tap to zoom
Overview: the top layer of soil to aid in drying the soil, and in promoting fast germination and emergence of seeds. Available in working widths of 9’10” and 13’1”, the Optimer+ 103 Series compact discs provide you with excellent soil composition to help your operation meet its minimum till needs. - Less.
Increased Clearance
Arms provide nearly five inches of frame clearance, so you can power through even the heaviest residue conditions without fear of plugging.
EASY AND SIMPLE ADJUSTMENTS
Compact Design
The Optimer+’s compact design and small overhang means it can be adapted to most tractors. With simple adjustments, working depth can be continuously adjusted using an easy to access stop screw and a graduated plate.
FEATURES TO SAVE YOU.
Specifications
Pre Owned Inventory
Our Showroom1701 West Travis
La Grange, Tx 78945
(979) 968-3187
Hours of OperationMon. - Fri.: 8:00am - 5:00pm
Sat.: 8:00am - 12:00pm
Sun.: ClosedWrist support elastic bandage can be used both in sport – it protects and stiffen the wrist, and in rehabilitation – it helps healing the injured or strained wrist joint.
Why is it good to use the elastic rehabilitation bandages?
The elastic bandage is a reusable product. It can be washed up to 40°C and should be dried loosely. It is recommended during rehabilitation.
Indicatons:
Product dimensions: (short and short with velcro):
size + wrist circumference
S: 14-18cm
M: 19-22cm
L: 23-25cmThe activities of The Augustan Society fall into several broad categories:
We also have a number of programs that cross these topical boundaries:
There are several Lineage Groups, membership in which is open to the public:
Finally, we have a few sub-groups where membership is restricted to select members of The Augustan Society:@BridalReloved
Enzoani Lexi wedding dress- customised with bespoke detachable over skirt and cathedral length veil. Good condition.
Dress is a size 12 but small fitting as I am a size 10 normally.
Lovely comfy and stretchy material.
Contact the seller now
Sellers and Buyers using the classified page agree to the following terms:Ezekiel, Jonah, and Pastoral Epistles by Patrick Fairbairn - Ezekiel Online Resource Library Return to PrayerRequest.com | Commentary Index | Bible Index | Search | Prayer Request | Download Ezekiel, Jonah, and Pastoral Epistles by Patrick Fairbairn - Ezekiel(Show All Books)Chapter Commentaries: Ch. 40Ch. 41Ch. 42Ch. 43Ch. 44Ch. 45Ch. 46Ch. 47Ch. 48Verse Commentaries: 1:1 - 1:31:4 - 1:272:1 - 3:113:12 - 3:274:1 - 4:175:1 - 6:147:1 - 7:278:1 - 8:189:1 - 9:1110:1 - 10:2211:1 - 11:2512:1 - 12:2813:1 - 13:2314:1 - 14:2315:1 - 15:816:1 - 16:6317:1 - 17:2418:1 - 18:3219:1 - 19:1420:1 - 20:4420:45 - 21:721:8 - 21:1721:18 - 21:2721:28 - 21:3222:1 - 22:3123:1 - 23:4924:1 - 24:1424:15 - 24:1725:1 - 25:725:8 - 25:1125:12 - 25:1425:15 - 25:1726:1 - 26:226:3 - 26:626:7 - 26:1426:15 - 26:2127:1 - 27:3628:1 - 28:528:6 - 28:1028:11 - 28:1928:20 - 28:2629:1 - 29:2130:1 - 30:2631:1 - 31:1832:1 - 32:3233:1 - 33:3334:1 - 34:1034:11 - 34:3135:1 - 35:1536:1 - 36:1536:16 - 36:2136:22 - 36:3236:33 - 36:3337:1 - 37:2838:1 - 39:2940:1 - 40:440:5 - 40:1640:17 - 40:1940:20 - 40:2740:28 - 40:4340:44 - 40:4740:48 - 41:1141:12 - 41:2642:1 - 42:1442:15 - 42:2043:1 - 43:1243:13 - 43:2744:1 - 44:3145:1 - 45:2546:1 - 46:2447:1 - 47:1247:13 - 48:35 EZEKIEL AND THE BOOK OF HIS PROPHECY: An Exposition. BY PATRICK FAIRBAIRN, D.D., PRINCIPAL OF THE FREE CHURCH COLLEGE, GLASGOW, AUTHOR OF ‘TYPOLOGY OF SCRIPTURE,’ ETC.. FOURTH EDITION EDINBURGH: Prepared for Libronix Digital Library System by hyperlink, 2008 Prepared for e-Sword / theWord by: hyperlink / hyperlink. INTRODUCTION. IT will not be necessary to detain our readers long at the threshold, nor would it be proper to go here into discussions which might presuppose and require an intimate acquaintance with the writings of our author. The purposes of a general introduction will be served, if we present a brief but distinct view of the personal position and circumstances of Ezekiel, the more distinctive features of his prophetical character, the nature of his style and diction as a sacred writer, the order and classification of his prophecies, and the literature connected with their interpretation. I. On the first of these points it is not necessary to say much, for the whole that is known with certainty of Ezekiel is furnished by his own hand, and is so closely interwoven with his discharge of the prophetical office, that it is only by following him through the one we can become properly acquainted with the other. We know nothing of what he was or did as a man, but only of what he saw and spake as a prophet. That he was the son of Buzi, a priest, and entered on his prophetical career by the river Chebar or Chaboras, in the fifth year of Jehoiachin’s captivity, which was the same also of his own (comp. Eze_1:1, and Eze_33:21), he has expressly informed us; and Josephus transmits the additional information (Ant. x. 6. 3) that he had become a captive when he was still a young man. This, however, has been as often questioned as believed; and among recent commentators, while Ewald sees reason to conclude that the prophet “was pretty young when he was carried into exile,” Hävernick, on the other hand, thinks that “the vigorous priestly spirit which prevails throughout his prophecies furnishes evidence of a greater age, and that he had undoubtedly for some considerable time performed the service of a priest in the temple” before he left Judea. These diversities of opinion show that the precise age of Ezekiel at the period of his exile can at most be only a matter of probability. But from certain considerations that will be adduced on the dates mentioned in the opening verses of his book, there is ground to believe that the probability is mainly on the side of his having been at the time of his removal to Chaldea a comparatively young man—in the twenty-fifth year of his age. And as one of his later prophecies makes mention of the twenty-seventh year of his captivity (Eze_29:17), this, added to the original number of twenty-five, brings him to an advanced stage of life, though still not to the close of his prophetical agency. For some of his later predictions appear to have been uttered at a period subsequent to the time to which the prediction in Ezekiel 29 belongs. There is reason, therefore, to conclude, that Ezekiel’s public life both began early, and was prolonged to the season of mature age. But of the absolute cessation of his prophetical gift, we have no definite chronological information; nor, except from incidental notices sometimes introduced into his communications, do we learn anything of the experiences and results that attended its exercise. The direct historical notices in his writings, apart from the record of the visions he saw, and the messages of good and evil he received from above, are comparatively few. But in the messages themselves references are not unfrequently made to the circumstances amid which he was placed, and the trials or sorrows connected with his official ministry. From those scattered notices we can easily gather, that as the time was marked by the fearful prevalence of evil in a moral, not less than in an outward and worldly respect, so there was the application, on his part, of an unwearied activity, and the energy of a devoted zeal, striving against gigantic difficulties and vexing discouragements. He had to plead the cause of God in an atmosphere of rebellion; prove himself to be faithful amidst many faithless; and, without palliation or reserve, lay open evils in the condition of his companions in exile, which they sought most anxiously to cover out of sight. Hence, while he appears as one tenderly sympathising with them in their depression and gloom (Eze_3:15), there is nothing to indicate that they ever properly sympathised with him in his contendings for truth and righteousness. They recognise him, indeed, as a prophet of the Most High, and collect around him, from time to time, to hear what message he might have received for their behoof, or to make inquiry through him concerning the mind of God (Eze_8:1, Eze_11:25, Eze_14:1, etc.); but it was never without having a rebuke administered to them on account of the frame of mind in which they appeared, or some intimation given respecting the light and captious humour they were wont to exhibit towards him (Eze_14:1, Eze_18:1, Eze_33:30-33, etc.). So that his official career, we can have no doubt, was connected with much that was trying and painful; and, like too many of our Lord’s prophetical types, he also in no slight degree had to “endure the contradiction of sinners against himself.” Yet this must not be understood of his connection with the whole band of exiles, nor probably of the later period of his public ministry nearly so much as of the earlier. For amid the prevailing iniquity there are not wanting occasional indications of a better spirit among the captives (Eze_11:16; Jeremiah 24.); and at a period not very distant from the close of his ministrations, a very marked and general amendment had undoubtedly taken place among them. It could not greatly, if it did at all, exceed thirty years from the cessation of his active labours, when the decree was issued for the return of the captives; and notwithstanding the corruptions which still lingered among them, and which soon began to appear in the infant colony, there was a general repudiation of idolatry, and an adherence to the law of Moses, very different from what had existed at the era of the captivity, or for a considerable time previous to it. Nor can there be any doubt, that among the agencies which contributed to effect this beneficial change, a prominent place must be ascribed to the ministry of Ezekiel. Thus by the results that appeared, decisive evidence was borne to the fact, that a prophet had been among them, who had not laboured in vain; and we can scarcely doubt, from the whole circumstances of the case, that the satisfaction was afforded our prophet—a satisfaction which was denied to his great contemporary Jeremiah—of witnessing the commencement of the spiritual renovation for which he so earnestly laboured. II. It naturally follows, from what has been said of the position and circumstances of Ezekiel, that, in respect to his prophetical agency, one of the leading characteristics was that of active and energetic working. He had, almost single-handed, to begin and direct the process of a general reformation, which no one can do with effect, even now, without force of character and energy of action; and still less could it be done then, when writing and reading were so much less in use, and practical effects on communities were necessarily more dependent upon the instrumentality of the living voice. This consideration is of it self sufficient to disprove the idea entertained by Ewald, and more recently espoused by Hitzig, of the comparatively quiescent and chiefly literary character of Ezekiel as a prophet. “As we see him in his book,” says Ewald, “he appears more as a writer than as a prophet taking part in public life. The writer may have his individual peculiarities of a kind quite foreign to a prophet of the elder sort; and so, in point of fact, Ezekiel as an author surpasses all the earlier prophets, in particular Jeremiah, in finish, beauty, and completeness; but the more the man grows as an author and a cultivator of learning, he loses in the same proportion as a genuine prophet.” He therefore contemplates the great book of Ezekiel as “proceeding almost entirely from the study of a learned retreat;” and Hitzig, following in the same track, and speaking as from the most intimate acquaintance with the facts of the case, tells us that, as Ezekiel was driven from the external world by the badness of the times, he “but cultivated the more the internal world—he flew to his books, and gave himself up to literature, leading a kind of dusky retirement in the law and his own past reminiscences” (Vorbem. § 2). If so, we might certainly affirm, never did an author’s course of life present a greater contrast to the character of his writings, or appear less adapted to the aim he professes to have in view. The work to which he owns himself to have been called, from its very nature, required the most resolute and devoted agency: he was expressly called to do the part of a watchman in the midst of abounding danger and corruption, where success in any degree must have seemed utterly hopeless, excepting as the result of unwearied diligence and self-denying labour. And though, it is true, in his writings, as in those of the prophets generally, we have the record of little else than his direct communications with Heaven, and his more special messages to the people, yet these breathe throughout such a Jiving earnestness and practical vigour, as clearly bespeaks the man of active labour, not the learned leisure and meditative quiet of the recluse. This moral äåéíï ́ ôçò , or fervent energetic striving after a practical result, is stamped upon the whole of Ezekiel’s writings, although it comes out more palpably in some portions than in others. The book possesses much of a rhetorical character, and has, in a manner, but one aim—that of moral suasion. Hence the more peculiar difficulties connected with its interpretation are not those which attach to the meaning of the words or the construction of sentences, but such rather as inhere in the general form and substance of the prophet’s communications. Though the former are occasionally found, it is the latter which chiefly prevail; and some even of the most profound and enigmatical portions are remarkable for the perfect plainness and simplicity of the style. At the same time, while we thus maintain the essential incorrectness of the view given of Ezekiel’s prophetical character by Ewald and Hitzig, we are not insensible to a difference, in the line indicated by them, between the writings of this prophet and the other prophetical books; this book is characterized in a quite peculiar manner by a tendency to minute, detailed, and, as might seem, elaborate descriptions. But this arose from the native bent of the prophet’s mind—not from the retired and studious character of his life. For, as another distinctive peculiarity in Ezekiel, there appears a very marked individuality in his cast of mind—such as gives a kind of uniqueness to his writings, and plainly distinguishes them as productions from those of the other prophets. understandings and our sympathies, so it is by making due account of the same that we must endeavour to find our way to what, in the communications themselves, may be the mind of the Spirit. In the simply literary department of the religious sphere, we readily concede a full play to the varied idiosyncrasies of mind, and the diversified methods they naturally fall into in the exhibition of Divine truth. A clear and solid judgment, practical wisdom and sagacity, rapt fervour of spirit, logical accuracy, the playful sportings of fancy or the bolder flights of imagination; the direct and the veiled, the homely and the refined, the historical and the allegorical—all find here their peculiar province, and have each their appropriate use. And in reaping the benefit which they are severally fitted to render to the cause of truth, and to minister of personal instruction, every one knows that they must each be treated after their own kind, and judged by their distinctive characteristics of thought and expression. Now there is the same variety in the natural gifts and endowments of the inspired writers; and they must be dealt with in the same manner, if we would catch aright their spirit, and receive just impressions from the discourses they delivered. For example, in the case more immediately before us, garniture. a gaint’s hand, the hidden realities of faith. The peculiarities, therefore, of Ezekiel’s mental constitution stood in very close connection with his special calling as a prophet; and due account must be made of them by all who would either understand aright his mission to the Church, or read in an intelligent and discerning spirit the book of his prophecy. If we should expect to find there, as in some of the other prophets, fine displays of tender feeling, or descriptions remarkable for their flow of pleasing sentiment and artistic beauty of composition, we shall certainly be disappointed. This is not the field for gems of such a nature. The mind of the prophet was concentrated upon one great object,—to give life and reality, body and freshness, to the objects of faith, so as thereby to reanimate an expiring Church, and recall men’s confidence to an almost forgotten and unknown God.. The characteristics now noticed in the prophetic agency of Ezekiel seem to call for a species of commentary which shall be more parænetical than exegetical; in other words, which shall rather handle the different communications as doctrinal or practical discourses on particular subjects, than break them up into detached fragments for minute explanatory remarks. There would otherwise be a want of fitting correspondence in form between the text and the kind of interpretation subjoined to it. And this it is our purpose to keep steadily in view, not slurring over difficulties in the text, or refusing any aid we can find for elucidating its import; yet, at the same time, dwelling chiefly on the great principles of truth and duty, to which all that is either more common or more peculiar in the prophet is rendered principally subservient. (We are glad to see that there is a growing recognition of the fitness of this in regard to the exposition of Scripture generally. Hengstenberg, in the preface to his Commentary on the Apocalypse, expresses it as his opinion, that the present times demand a kind of exposition of Scripture which is in accordance with its great doctrinal and practical design. And Stier, in his preface to the 4th vol. of his Reden Jesu, thus vindicates his adoption of such a form of commentary: “Our older expositors, as is well known, gave to their exegesis very much of the same form, in respect to edification; it is only in the present age, in our unhappy divorce between the Church and the professorial chair, that such can appear to be of a mongrel character. Intentionally and on principle I abandon the wholly unpractical manner of the schools, which coldly and stiffly guards itself against the use of any word that might speak from heart to heart, and which must always carry an unnatural and unseemly appearance in every, even the most learned, treatment of the living word of God.”) It is impossible not to notice, as another distinguishing element in Ezekiel’s prophetical character, his strong priestly feeling. For the most part the prophets belonged either to the priestly or the Levitical order; and sometimes, as in the cases of Samuel and Jeremiah, prominence is given to the fact of their having been by birth connected with those more select portions of the community. But. This, however, it must be remembered, was less owing to any individual peculiarity or personal choice, than to the circumstances of his position and the nature of his calling. It sprang more immediately from the desire of satisfying the spiritual want occasioned first by the absence, and then by the destruction of the outward temple, which it was of importance to meet by something of a corresponding nature. But of this more will be said under the opening verses. Still further, the prophetical gift itself possessed and exercised by Ezekiel was of the higher kind. Beyond all question, he belongs to the first rank of those who, under the old covenant, were called to the regular discharge of the prophetical office. As with the prophets generally, his gift was exercised as well in regard to the present as the future; and in both respects it proved itself to be, as Witsius terms it, “incomparable.” (Miscel. Sac. i. p. 243.) It enabled him to form a correct estimate of the existing state of matters, not less than a clear apprehension of what was going to take place. His spiritually enlightened eye takes the true gauge and measure of what was around him; looks through the appearances into the realities of things; so that, with the assured confidence of one who knew the mind of God, he gives forth the judgment of Heaven respecting them. His anticipations of the future are not less remarkable. Even De Wette admits that not only are there here actual predictions, but that “in none of the ancient prophets are there found such definite predictions as in this.” The last part of the statement may certainly be questioned by those who believe in the genuineness of Daniel’s prophecies; yet the predictions of Ezekiel are both of great variety, and singularly minute and faithful in their delineations of coming events. Partly, however, from some of the events referred to in them lying not far remote from the utterance of the predictions, and partly also from the strongly figurative form into which not a few of the others are cast, their apologetical value in the present day, against the adversaries of the faith, is not altogether in proportion to their number or their definiteness. Of many of them it must be said, that they are fitted rather for confirming the faith and strengthening the convictions of those who already believe, than for removing the doubts of such as are still opposed to the truth. Yet we should deem it impossible for any one, in a spirit of candour and sincerity, to peruse the wonderful and discriminating predictions contained in his writings, respecting either the Jews themselves (those, for example, in Eze_5:1, Eze_6:1, Eze_11:1, Eze_17:1, Eze_21:1.), or the neighbouring nations, more particularly those of Tyre and Egypt—predictions which foretold in regard to the subjects of them very different and varying fortunes, and such as necessarily required ages for their accomplishment;—we should conceive it impossible for any one in a proper spirit to examine these, and compare them with the facts of history, without being persuaded that they afford indubitable evidence of a supernatural insight into the far distant future. No spirit of human divination, or mere worldly sagacity, could possibly have enabled him to descry events at once so remote in time, and so different from what might, on many accounts, have been supposed likely to happen. III. In respect to the style and diction of Ezekiel, different estimates have been formed by different writers, and exaggerated representations, as well of a favourable as of an unfavourable kind, are still to be met with. The comparative estimate of Lowth may certainly be characterized as in some respects overdrawn; but he says, with substantial correctness, “that in his images he is fertile, magnificent, harsh, and sometimes almost deformed; in his diction grand, weighty, austere, rough, and sometimes unpolished; abounding in repetitions, not for the sake of ornament or gracefulness, but through indignation or violence” (Prælec. xxi.). His diction, he adds, is sufficiently perspicuous, almost all his obscurity lying in the matter; and notwithstanding the obvious want of parallelism which pervades the greater part of the book, Lowth is disposed to claim most of it as poetical, although, he admits, “the sentences are often so rude and void of composition, that he was often doubtful what to determine in that respect.” In truth, he was here trying the productions of the prophet by a somewhat mistaken standard. And altogether the view taken and the estimate formed by Ewald are much more correct. The latter says ; yet it seldom dwindles down like that of Jeremiah, readily recovers itself, and usually makes a fine conclusion. His language has scattered through it several Aramaic and foreign expressions, in which one may perceive the influence of his exiled condition; though, for the most part, it is formed after the elder and better models. His diction, besides, is rich in rare comparisons, often alike attractive and striking, full of varied terms, and commonly wrought out with much beauty (for example, Eze_32:1.). Where the discourse rises higher to the delineation of the sublime visions presented to him (as in Eze_1:1 and Eze_10:1.), it exhibits the vividness of genuine dramatic composition. It has also a certain evenness and repose, a quality which distinguishes this prophet from Jeremiah; he but seldom soars into lyrical strains (Eze_7:1.), or becomes vehemently moved (Ezekiel 21.).” It is added, that the verse is often rough, and the strophe-arrangement much obscured, on account of the tendency to lengthen out the sentences; but they are still regarded as to some extent existing, though they are only to be found in a distinct and regular form in a few select portions, such as Ezekiel 7 and Eze_21:1. In one respect Ewald also has given an erroneous view of the character of Ezekiel as a writer—representing this as in a certain sense interfering with his character as a prophet. This is done more especially in respect to the symbolical actions and parabolical discourses, which abound so much in his writings. “The writer here,” he says, “overpowers the prophet. The writer seeks for excellent images, similitudes, and enigmas, and the merely literary prophet finds therein the readiest helps and supports to his fancy; and so Ezekiel very commonly sets out from an image, conducts this with all possible varieties of form and embellishments, and then unfolds it in proper discourse; or he draws long delineations marked by genuine poetic beauty: but the point and keenness of the prophetic style suffer much there by,” etc. This line of remark proceeds on the misapprehension already noticed respecting the prophetical character of Ezekiel. It has been well met, as to the particular point now under consideration, by Hävernick, who says: “It is quite correct that a certain amount of skill is discoverable in this mode of representation; but it is to misapprehend the nature of prophecy, when this artistic impulse is viewed as the productive power of such compositions. Prophecy has its root in quite other soil; and were it after this fashion drawn into the mere province of art, it should cease to be genuine prophecy, and should belong to the class of degenerate productions—spurious imitations of the true. The writer’s skill evinces itself here rather in giving forth with the greatest vividness and fidelity his internal perceptions with the full impress of their immediateness and originality. It is the historical skill of the narrator of internal facts, a simply reproductive and not a productive faculty, which must be conceded to the prophet, and in which he shows a perfect mastery” (Comm. p. 24). We simply add, under this head, that the darkness to a certain extent. They showed the prophet’s mind to be on the stretch to arrest the attention of his people, and lead them to penetrate into the deep things of God. To the great majority of them such things appeared deep, chiefly on account of that superficial habit of mind which rests satisfied with looking at the exterior, and mistakes shadows for realities,—the same habit substantially which has led the modern Jews to magnify to such a height the obscurities of this book of Ezekiel, ordaining that no one should read it till he had passed his thirtieth year, with other foolish and extravagant things of a like nature. Had either the earlier or the later Jews understood it aright, they would have felt that the profound and enigmatical character of some of the visions, especially when viewed in connection with the awful directness and pungency of others, was itself a witness against them, and formed a call to serious consideration and anxious inquiry. And thus in respect to the more peculiar part of the form and clothing, as well as the matter of his revelations, wisdom is here also justified of her children. IV. The order and classification of his prophecies next demand some notice. And here it ought first of all to be borne in mind, that whatever arrangement may be made respecting them as to their subjects, an order and progression belongs to them as a whole, as well as a homogeneousness of nature, which fits them for mutually throwing light on each other; and in particular, one large portion of them (Ezekiel 1), which is mainly conversant with sin and judgment, in a great degree supplies the key, by which the later announcements—more cheering in their tone, but more remote in their objects—are to be interpreted. There is in this respect a unity in the character of the book which calls for an orderly and progressive perusal of its contents. And should any one, heedless of this characteristic, overleap all the earlier portions of the prophecy, and proceed at once to grapple with some of the later and more peculiar visions, he would only take the course most likely to involve himself in perplexity or disappointment. A general classification of the contents of the book, as has just been noticed, may be made into those which have respect predominantly to sin and judgment, and those which are more peculiarly appropriated to the revelation of grace and mercy. We can only, however, speak of prevailing, not by any means of exclusive, characteristics of this sort. For in the one part mercy is often found intermingling with the judgment, as in the other judgment occasionally alternates with the mercy. The more specific, and at the same time quite natural divisions are commonly indicated by the prophet himself, in the several dates which he has, at certain intervals, placed as superscriptions to the messages he successively received. These are altogether eight. 1. The first is introductory, containing a description of the first vision, and in connection with it of the call of the prophet—(Ezekiel 1-3, 15). 2. The next portion, embracing the remaining verses in Ezekiel 3, and reaching to the close of Ezekiel 7, is occupied chiefly with a more explicit announcement of the prophet’s commission and charge, and his entrance on the work it devolved upon him, by setting forth the enormous guilt of the people, the certainty of the coming destruction of Jerusalem, with still subsequent calamities, and the prostrate condition of the whole affairs of the kingdom. 3. The next section embraces Ezekiel 8-19, but falls into two parts. The first, including Ezekiel 8-11, contains still further revelations of the people’s sinfulness, especially as connected with the profanation of the temple and the corruption of the priesthood; the determination of God, in consequence, to forsake his sanctuary, with severe executions of vengeance on the wicked, though not without gracious interpositions for the safety of the few who remained faithful; and then, the twofold work of destruction and preservation being (symbolically) done, his actual departure from the temple-mount, that he might go and reveal himself in tenderness and power to an inquiring and afflicted people in exile. In the second part of this division, which includes Eze 12019, the prophet prosecutes in detail his exposure of the sins which were bringing down such inflictions of judgment, and shows how all classes as well as the priests—prophets, princes, and the people generally—had corrupted their ways, and should severally share in the destruction that was impending. 4. In Ezekiel 20-23 the same subject is continued, though, as the time of judgment had approached nearer, there is an increased keenness and severity in the prophet’s tone; he sits, as it were, in judgment upon the people, brings out in full form the Divine indictment against them, and with awful distinctness and frequent reiteration, announces both their consummate guilt and its appropriate judgment. 5. Then comes, in Ezekiel 24, the actual announcement of the end, as regards Jerusalem and its guilty people, with a representation of the behaviour suitable for such as survived the calamity; the prophet himself being required to share in the confusion and silence which were proper at such a time. 6. Ezekiel 25-32 form a group by themselves, containing the announcements respecting sin and judgment, which, during the interval of the prophet’s silence towards his own people, he was commanded to utter against the surrounding nations. The great object of them was to show, that if judgment had begun at the house of God, it would assuredly embrace, and visit with still more overwhelming calamities, the ungodly world. There are various headings in this section; and some of the revelations were given at periods considerably later than others; but they began to be uttered immediately after the doom of Jerusalem, and all manifestly relate to one great theme. 7. In Ezekiel 32-39 we have a series of predictions given to the prophet in the twelfth year of the captivity, after the appearance in Chaldea of the remnant that had escaped from Jerusalem (Eze_23:21); a series which points more particularly to the better times in prospect, and unfolds, with considerable fulness and variety, the revival of God’s cause among the covenant-people, the re-establishment of the Divine kingdom, and its sure and final victory over all the sources of evil, which had prevailed so much against it in the past. 8. Then, after an interval of thirteen years, comes the closing vision, in Ezekiel 40-48, disclosing, under the symbolical representation of a new temple, city, and commonwealth, the restored condition, with the perfect order and beauty, of the people and kingdom of God. V. All that is necessary for the present time to be said on the literature of the subject may soon be told. Our own country has done comparatively little in relation to it. The bulky and tedious work of Greenhill, reprinted some years ago in a cheap form, is, like most of the Puritan writings, of small account in an exegetical respect; and is rather a collection of commonplaces founded on Ezekiel, with a multitude of parallel passages from other Scriptures, than a commentary in the proper sense. The only English work calling for special notice here is the Translation, with Notes, by Archbishop Newcome, published in 1788. The notes are of a very brief description, chiefly explanatory of the meanings given in the translation; and both the translation and the notes proceed to a large extent on the vicious principle, very prevalent at the time, of getting rid of difficulties in the sense by proposed emendations of the text. This false and superficial style of criticism has now deservedly fallen into discredit; although Ewald, and after him Hitzig, still pursue, to some extent, the same course, and not seldom, like Newcome, would correct the Hebrew text from the Septuagint. How little confidence can be placed in emendations derived from such a source, no one can need to be told who is in the least degree acquainted with the character of the Septuagint translation generally, and, in particular, with its translation of this book. Hitzig himself admits that many of its variations from the true sense have arisen from palpable mistakes; and that, as a whole, it is pervaded by frequent and systematic deviations from the correct import, while the Hebrew text is remarkable for its degree of purity, are among the surest results of a sound biblical criticism. We have, therefore, but rarely paid any regard to the diverse readings derived from the Septuagint, and with the rarest exceptions have adhered to the existing text. By far the most elaborate work ever published on the prophecies of Ezekiel was the joint production of two Spanish Jesuits, Pradus and Villalpandus, in three huge folios (Rome, 1596). The first volume, which, with a slight exception, was executed by Pradus, and reaches to the close of Ezekiel 28, is the best portion of the work; now, however, chiefly valuable as a repertory of the opinions of the Fathers. The two other volumes are occupied with interminable discussions in reference to the temple, and, as will appear from our preliminary remarks to Ezekiel 40-48, proceed throughout on a wrong principle. The expository discourses of Calvin extend only to the first twenty chapters, and are distinguished by his usual acumen and discrimination, also by his hearty appreciation of the great moral principles exhibited by the prophet; but afford little help in regard to some of the more peculiar difficulties connected with the interpretation of the book. The same also may be said of the commentaries of Rosenmüller and Maurer, though both are deserving of consultation,—the former more especially for the judicious and extensive use it makes of existing materials; the latter (which, as to the sense, very commonly follows Rosenmüller), for its grammatical exactness and acute remarks on particular passages. The translation of Ewald, with its brief notes, forming part of his Hebrew Prophets, though unsatisfactory as a whole, is yet of considerable value, and has frequently been consulted. But a much more valuable contribution to the study of Ezekiel appeared very shortly after it—that of Hävernick, which issued from the press in 1843, a year or two before the lamented death of its author. Though I cannot always adopt the views and conclusions arrived at in this work, yet I gratefully acknowledge my deep obligations to it. The commentary of Hitzig, of still later date (1847), is the production of an accurate scholar, but of a very inferior mind to that of Hävernick; and while it is entitled to an honourable place as regards the grammatical sense and connection, it has added nothing to the general elucidation of the book, or done aught to enhance its value as part of the Inspired Volume. In this respect it is rash and superficial, and partakes of the wonted leanness and spiritual poverty of Rationalism. The few passages of Ezekiel examined by Hengstenberg in his Christology are treated with his usual accuracy and penetration.Your cart is currently empty
Product image slideshow Items!
Ingredients:The programme is out for the 1st WCNI Track Carnival for the 2015/16 season! BikeManawatu has some of the countries top track riders, proudly holding many current National, Oceania and 3 World Championship titles. Come test yourself in the Manawatu and be into win some cash and spot prizes! For more information click here.
Women can ride the B grade events 3, 12, 15, 16. Masters can ride B grade events 8, 12, 15, 16. Masters women can choose to ride with the masters or women.
All riders must report to registration between 10:45-11:45am. Our usual/local track riders are to bring their own number, tick off their name and pay $5.00 cash. Outside riders will need to register, sign the wavier form, recieve a number for the day and pay $5.00 cash.What's the deal with pre ordering?
You've got the option to order this item now and be one of the first to receive the new stock as soon as it arrives into our warehouse.
The perks...
Attention all outdoor food vendors, crab and cray enthusiasts, and lovers of a good community cook-up! Gasmate’s Double Burner Wok Cooker will help you whip up a feast for the hungry masses.
Made to last, this tough cooker is constructed from stainless steel and features cast iron and brass burners with steel caps. It has a powerful heat output of 35,600 BTU but do we hear you say, ‘Yeah righto, sounds impressive but what does that mean?’ Well, let’s break it down. If you’re using a 9kg LPG cylinder and cranking both burners to the max, you’ll get 11 hours of cooking time! A 900mm hose with a regulator is included, it’s got Piezo ignition, and the flame output is fully adjustable to suit your needs.
So, whether you’ve got a long day at the markets or a festival, or cooking up a haul of Blue Swimmers, stick a big stockpot on the Double Burner Wok Cooker from Gasmate and it will see you through.While the outcomes of the healthcare and financial services reform debates now in high gear in Washington will have pivotal effects on advisors this year and into next, lawmakers have yet to weigh in on another vital issue of importance to advisors and their clients: whether to let the estate tax expire in 2010. If Congress fails to act this year, the current tax rate of 45% for assets above $3.5 million will expire in 2010, and return at higher rates in 2011. Come 2011, the previous exclusion of $1 million returns, and the top rate for assets above that amount would revert back to the 55% level set in 2001.
The fate of the estate tax lies in the hands of the Senate Finance Committee and its chairman, Max Baucus (D-Montana). While Baucus has been embroiled in healthcare reform, a spokesman for the Senator told Investment Advisor that the Senate Finance Committee chairman knows that action on the estate tax this year is a “must-do proposition,” as a result of the Bush-era rates resetting. That said, however, Congress’s prolonged indecision (at press time in mid-September lawmakers had still not gotten even close to rendering a decision) has left advisors paralyzed in helping clients with their estates. “To invite a client to put together an estate plan that could be invalid in a few months is a tough sell,” says Myra Salzer, president and founder of The Wealth Conservancy in Boulder, Colorado.
But like other advisors (more about which later), Salzer isn’t sitting on her hands when it comes to estate planning for clients. Her way of dealing with estate planning for clients now–and not waste their money by drawing up what will likely be a temporary estate plan–is to help clients organize their estates, and those of family members, through a product she created called EstateLogic. Not only is Salzer the founder of Wealth Conservancy, she also established in 2005 Executor’s Resource, Inc., and is the brainchild behind two of the firm’s products–EstateLogic, launched in October 2008, as well as the yet-to-be-released ExecutorLogic, which is due out in 2010.
More than 100 advisors use EstateLogic now, and Salzer says she expects that number to jump to thousands of users by the end of the year. Not only are advisors drawn to the product, but “we are getting interest [in EstateLogic] from the insurance and employee benefits industries, as well as financial service providers,” Salzer says. EstateLogic is an online tool that advisors and their clients can use to gather, store, update, and share information about the client’s estate and legacy.
What Your Peers Are Reading
As Carl “Skip” Rapp, president and CEO of Executor’s Resource, puts it: EstateLogic’s role “is to bring all of the relevant information of the estate together, and that really extends from documents, to financials, to legacy, and personal instructions you want to leave behind.” Salzer says EstateLogic is a great way for advisors to “build rapport with their clients” and offer them a service that will help them “retain a client’s assets under management after the client dies.” Salzer cites a report conducted by Allianz which showed that 80% of clients’ heirs, including the surviving spouse, leave their advisors after the death of a client. “But if the advisor is involved in helping to settle an estate, if all of the executor’s needs are on one software package that’s co-branded with the advisor, that’s an instant way to build rapport and serve” the client’s entire family, she says. Recall, too, that Salzer, a member of the Investment Advisor Leaders Council, first came to prominence as an expert on understanding and serving wealthy families.
By offering EstateLogic to their clients, advisors provide a valuable service to an executor of an estate, “because the executor has no idea what they are in for,” Salzer says. Adds Rapp: “About 90% of executors are close family members or friends, and they are not prepared for the amount of work involved.”
Rita Johnson, a planner with The Millstone Evans Group of Raymond James and Associates, says her firm is in the process of rolling out EstateLogic to its clients. “It seems like every few weeks we have a client who’s facing” being the executor of an estate, she says. The “biggest benefit” of using EstateLogic, Johnson says, is that it “will enable us to deepen our relationship with clients. We’re not estate planning attorneys, but it’s very important as the advisor that we do the comprehensive financial planning, and that we help people make sure they have their ducks in a row so they are prepared down the line.”
Another benefit about EstateLogic, Johnson says, is that “it’s not just about estate planning; it’s possible for our clients to store [other] documents that they may need.” For instance, she says, “older baby boomers in transition, who may be partially retired, tend to be moving around a lot–they may have two homes–so they can access their documents regardless of where they are.”
Amy McDuffee, director of channel planning at Executor’s Resource, notes that The Millstone Evans Group is taking “a unique approach in that as part of the service offering, they will actually be scanning and uploading documents for clients into EstateLogic.” McDuffee adds that Executor’s Resource provides “flexibility in how advisors can offer EstateLogic to clients. The client account fee can be paid for by the practice, or self-paid by the client.” McDuffee says the “middle of the road” version of EstateLogic costs about $11 per month or $129 per year. “The advisor can choose to pay that fee or just make [EstateLogic] available and recommend that his clients pay for it.”
As for ExecutorLogic, Salzer is in the late stages of raising money to develop the product, which she says will function “like a TurboTax kind of solution for executors to settle estates.” Rapp adds that ExecutorLogic will be “more of a workflow tool than an aggregation tool” like EstateLogic. “The role of the executor is different: he or she has a finite task and that is to settle an estate within a certain amount of time.” ExecutorLogic, Salzer says, “will enable an executor from their desk to settle an estate in multiple states within the U.S. without any experience and save thousands of dollars on legal and accounting fees.”
Now let’s turn our attention to the broader issues of taxation, on which everyone seems to have an opinion. The IRS even has a page on its Web site filled with tax quotes, mostly humorous, from an array of notables including Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. (“Taxes are what we pay for a civilized society.”), Albert Einstein (“The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.”), and the ever-popular Unknown (“People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women.”). For most advisors, however, tax talk has never been more serious.
With an expected $1.6 trillion deficit for the fiscal year ended September 30 and the Obama Administration forecasting a deficit in excess of $9 trillion over the next decade, no one grounded in reality is talking about tax cuts. There are numerous measures to be taken up by the current Congress that will have tax implications for advisors and their clients including, but not limited to: healthcare reform, carbon cap and trade policy, the estate tax, and capital gains tax rates. While no one knows for certain what the future tax picture will look like (see The Scope of the Problem sidebar, in which attorney John Scroggin paints a picture of what likely will happen), a number of advisors around the country have been working with their clients to make the most of the current situation.
President Obama certainly got the attention of Ben Ledyard, director of wealth strategies for Boston-based Silver Bridge Advisors and head of the firm’s new Wilmington, Delaware office, when during his healthcare address to Congress on September 9 he indicated that whatever reform was ultimately arrived at should not add another cent to the deficit. “This is going to be expensive, so if we’re not going to borrow against it, who’s going to pay for it?” Ledyard asks. “Ultimately we know that some effective tax hikes are going to come.”
Alan Weinstein, a CPA with more than 30 years experience and a founding partner of RWE Private Wealth, a new wealth management firm in Orlando, agrees wholeheartedly. “The big issue right now is trying to plan for tax rate changes in both the income tax area and the estate tax area,” he says.
Not Standing By Idly
“Wealthy people have to get the best after-tax return and the most tax-efficient return they can get,” says Keith Springer, who runs his Capital Financial Advisory Services out of Sacramento. “The key for most wealthy people is not to lose your money. Their benchmarks are purchasing power, inflation, and taxes and they really shouldn’t be concerned about beating the market. As a money manager, it’s up to me to take care of it.”The Joint Steering Committee for Development of RDA (JSC) has issued another set of minor changes to the content of RDA: Resource Description and Access.
The August 14, 2012 release of the RDA Toolkit will contain Fast Track changes from the JSC, as well as corrections and new Glossary terms for element vocabularies. For more information, see the listing of approved FastTrack and other changes.
For more information about other current changes in the RDA Toolkit (e.g., ), see the announcement on the RDA Toolkit development site.
Minor changes in RDA were also included in the June 12, 2012 release of the RDA Toolkit; for more information on those changes, see the listing of approved FastTrack and other changes in the June release.
Date posted: 7 August 2012
Return to Top of PageA technician works on machines at the Applied Materials Inc. facility in Santa Clara, California.
© 2016 Bloomberg Finance LP
For years, US defense and intelligence experts have been warning of the threats posed by China’s global ambitions. More recently, these alarms have turned into sirens when Washington almost unanimously made the People’s Republic of China (PRC) the largest national security risk.
In April, the office of the director of the National Intelligence Service’s annual threat assessment identified China’s “urge for world power” at the top of its list of threats. As recently as this month, the Defense Ministry’s report to Congress used clear language to assess the Chinese threat, clearly stating, “… challenge to a stable and open international system.”
This growing urgency has …Bosarge Divorce: Texas Divorce Case Now an Issue in South Dakota Senate Race
Press release
Dan Ahlers, the Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate in South Dakota, thinks the state has created a monster when it comes to South Dakota’s secretive $3 trillion trust industry.
“I don’t want South Dakota to be the equivalent of offshore accounts in other countries where people hide their money,” said Dan Ahlers.
“I don’t want South Dakota to be known for that and I don’t think that’s the reputation that the people of South Dakota want.”
Dan Ahlers was commenting on the growing national publicity surrounding the divorce of Ed and Marie Bosarge. Marie’s lawyers claim Ed Bosarge fraudulently hid more than $2 billion in South Dakota trusts in an attempt to cheat her out of community property.
“It’s getting so much traction, so much publicity that we are now going to get a flood of people going ‘Hey, I can shirk my obligations by just moving everything to South Dakota and putting it into a trust,’” Dan Ahlers said.
“I would prefer that we do the right thing, that we respect decisions that are made in other states and that we are not a haven.”
Bosarge Divorce: Money Over Morality?
Bosarge Divorce: Covid-19 Infects High Stakes Billion Dollar Houston Divorce Case
Bosarge Divorce: Billions at Stake in High Stakes Houston Divorce Ruling
Once the Houston courts reopen, a jury will decide if the Houston billionaire defrauded his wife. A South Dakota court has already rejected Marie Bosarge’s claims. If 312th Family District Court Judge Chip Wells and a Harris County jury find that Ed Bosarge committed fraud and transferred money illegally into the South Dakota trusts, will South Dakota ensure that Marie Bosarge is made whole?
“I don’t think the laws of South Dakota, the State of Texas or anything we might imagine somehow frees him of an obligation that he has undertaken at the time he married Mrs. Bosarge,” said Judge Chips Wells in a February 2020 hearing in Texas.
“Most of the legislators had no intent to allow people to skirt the law in other states. That would never have been our intent,” Dan Ahlers said.
Many of the trust laws were amended while Senator Mike Rounds was South Dakota’s Governor. It is the secrecy of the South Dakota trusts that is worrying Dan Ahlers.
“Open records are not important to him and haven’t been. He had to be taken to court just to get the names of the people who were invited to the pheasant hunt. Those were records that have always been open until he was Governor. These bills came from his Department of Revenue,” Dan Ahlers said.
Dan Ahlers also talked about the tax money being hidden in these South Dakota trusts.
“What’s the economic benefit to South Dakota other than allowing people to hide their money and in some cases potentially break the law in another state. I think that is the question that has to be asked locally,” Ahlers said.
The Rounds campaign did not respond to our request for comment. The members of the Governor’s trust task force have all refused comment.The."
Article: Intracranial volumetric changes govern cerebrospinal fluid flow in the Aqueduct of Sylvius in healthy adults, Maria Marcella Laganà, Simon J. Shepherd, Pietro Cecconi, Clive B. Beggs, Biomedical Signal Processing and Control, doi: 10.1016/j.bspc.2017.03.019, published online 8 April 2017.The description from Board Game Geek is as follows:.
It's very important to keep track of the precise names of the cards and be sure to entomb them before it is too late. While you don't want to get rid of all of your starting cards (the Shrabti are useful in the end game), you might drop one or two of them early into the tomb while cheaper cards are available. You'll need value five cards quickly, so grab some of those but having fewer cards overall will also help you get the more valuable cards in the midgame. Make no mistake, this is a memory game and the rules are specific about when you can look into your discard pile, so keeping track of what you've collected is tricky. Good game!
A look under the hood of various Games, Rules and Systems.
Please Like, Share, Plus, Tweet, Follow, and Comment!China’s property developer Evergrande Group is reportedly in negotiations with investment banks and creditors over potential asset sales and restructuring, as it seeks to reduce its debts of over $300bn.
The group CEO Xia Haijun is considering communicating with foreign banks over loan repayments and extensions, reported Reuters citing a source.
Evergrande had reportedly missed interest payments for over three rounds, on its dollar bonds.
According to the source: "Xia also needs to sort out how many off-balance sheet debts the group has offshore, because many were underwritten at subsidiary levels and he himself may not be even aware of (that).
"Before that they cannot work on restructuring and talk to bondholders."
The firm has been seeking to divest its assets, including its services and electric vehicle units, to raise cash and reduce debt.
However, the plans have been affected by increasing concerns over a possible collapse and subsequent impact on the country’s economy and the global markets.
Reuters reported that the Chinese state-owned Yuexiu Property had terminated its proposal to acquire Evergrande's Hong Kong headquarters building for $1.7bn. This was due to concerns about dire financial situation of the developer.
However, an undisclosed official from the Chinese central bank was cited by the news agency as saying that effects of Evergrande's debt on the banking system was controllable.
Currently, Evergrande is finalising details with Hopson Development to offload a stake of 51% in its Evergrande Property Services unit for $2.57bn (HK$20bn).
Last month, Evergrande selected financial advisers Houlihan Lokey and Admiralty Harbour to assess the firm’s financial options.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Evergrande is one of the largest property developers in China. Credit: CRCHF/commons.wikimedia.org.Nut
6 thoughts on “Nutella Crescents”
Reblogged this on Recipe Reblog.
Thanks for sharing 🙂
Nutella is love at first bite
Agreed!
these are awesome could be even better with some crushed nuts in the nutella
Great suggestion, Judy! I will have to try that the next time we make them.Traditional,.
Category Archives: I1 Receptors
The quinazoline portion of bound erlotinib in 1M17 was used like a template to create and reduce a bound cause of AL776
The quinazoline portion of bound erlotinib in 1M17 was used like a template to create and reduce a bound cause of AL776. Minimizations were completed in the MOE 2013.08 [47] software using the Amber10:EHT forcefield with R-Field electrostatics. as well as the IC50 H3 ideals for development inhibition were established using the GraphPad Prism 6.0 software program.(TIF) pone.0117215.s002.tif (1004K) GUID:?73D2A486-9EDB-44F4-8BF1-937855498E6D S3 Fig: Toxicity of AL776 kinase assay (IC50 EGFR = 0.12 M and IC50 c-Src = 3 nM), (b) it might launch K1 (AL621, a nanomolar EGFR inhibitor) and K2 (dasatinib, a clinically approved Abl/c-Src inhibitor) by hydrolytic cleavage both and kinase assay. Hoechst 33258 trihydrochloride Of all linkers researched, the succinic acidity one resulted in the strongest dual EGFR-c-Src focusing on molecule. The second option, AL776 demonstrated an IC50 of 0.12 M for EGFR kinase inhibition and 3 nM for c-Src kinase inhibition (Fig. 2B). Consequently, AL776 was selected as our K1-K2 prototype in the scholarly research. Open in another windowpane Fig 2 Group of EGFR-c-Src focusing on type III substances and their kinase inhibitory strength kinase assay was utilized to look for the potency of every molecule in the series to competitively bind and inhibit the ATP binding pocket from the tyrosine kinase domains of EGFR and c-Src. Dasatinib and Gefitinib had been utilized as control medicines for assessment, as well Hoechst 33258 trihydrochloride as the IC50 ideals of kinase inhibition had been established using the GraphPad Prism 6.0 software program. Each worth represents the common IC50 from three 3rd party experiments, completed in duplicate. Synthesis of AL776 The formation of AL776 proceeded relating to Fig. 3. Dasatinib was treated with an excessive amount of succinic anhydride to provide compound 1, that was in conjunction with AL621 (a powerful EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor with IC50 = 3 nM [12]) in the current presence of EDCI, HOBt and DMAP to provide VII (AL776) as an analytically genuine white powder pursuing purification by preparative TLC. We expected how the hydrolysis of AL776 would restore its major Hoechst 33258 trihydrochloride synthetic components (i.e. AL621 mainly because K1 and dasatinib mainly because K2). Open up in another windowpane Fig 3 hydrolysis and Synthesis of AL776, the business lead K1-K2 prototype focusing on EGFR and c-Src.The formation of AL776 was completed in our lab based on the steps indicated above. The ensuing type III K1-K2 molecule was created to go through hydrolysis in the cells and to push out a powerful EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (K1) termed AL621 and a powerful c-Src tyrosine kinase inhibitor (K2) dasatinib (type I). AL776 can be with the capacity of exerting its dual inhibitory home by directly getting together with each focus on as an intact molecule (type II). Kinetics of hydrolysis of AL776 and in Compact disc-1 mice pursuing i.p. and we.v. shot. and hydrolysis of AL776 using powerful water chromatography (HPLC) and mass spectrometry (MS) analyses.(A) The kinetics of entry in to the cells and degradation of AL776 in the cells were monitored using HPLC evaluation. NIH3T3-Her14 (EGFR transfected) cells had been treated with 25 M of AL776 for 1h, 2h, 6h, 48h and 24h, and the cells as well as the related extracellular media had been collected and prepared based on the treatment referred to in the Components and Technique section. The region beneath the curve (AUC) for the AL776 peak Hoechst 33258 trihydrochloride was established and its own percentage weighed against the rest of the peaks was determined and plotted. (B) A consultant spectrum from water chromatography (LC)-mass spectrometry (MS) evaluation in cells treated with AL776 for 48h can be shown with m/z = 462 (AL621), m/z = 488 (dasatinib) and m/2z = 517 (AL776). (C) The kinetics of AL776 hydrolysis in the plasma of Compact disc-1 mice injected with 80 mg/kg from the medication was supervised 5, 15 and 30 min post-administration. LC-MS chromatograms at different period factors with m/z ideals for intact AL776 and its own metabolites are demonstrated: m/z = 462 for AL621, m/z = 562 for AL621-L (succinic acidity linked-AL621), m/z = 488 for dasatinib, m/z = 588 for dasatinib-L (succinic Hoechst 33258 trihydrochloride acidity linked-dasatinib), m/2z = 516 for AL776. Having researched the hydrolysis of AL776 would parallel that and and kinase assay possessed dual EGFR and c-Src focusing on real estate as an intact framework, it was vital that you determine how.
Supplementary Materialsijms-21-01197-s001
Supplementary Materialsijms-21-01197-s001. nanoparticle study Procaine HCl that could present important models for other solid tumours. = 0.01) and size (= 0.002) of nanoparticles in OSCC – lower expression of CD 81 (= 0.032) in OSCC [16]Salivary EVsmicroRNAqPCR array; qPCR – miR-302b-3p and miR-517b-3p expressed only OSCC-EVs vs. controls – miR-512-3p and miR-412-3p were up-regulated in OSCC-EVs vs. controls [17]Salivary exosomesspectroscopy intensity ratiosFourier-transform IR spectroscopy – Increased (I1,404/I2,924) (= 0.005), (I1,033/I1,072) (= 0.024) and (I2,924/I2,854) (= 0.026) in OSCC with sensitivity 100%, specificity 89% [18]Salivary exosomesmicroRNAmicroarray; qPCR – 109 miRNA exhibited changes in their expression levels in OSCC EVs compared to normal controls – miR-24-3p was significantly higher in OSCC EVs in comparison to healthy controls ( 0.05) [19]Salivary MVs and circulating MVsQuantification; Annexin VTEM; dynamic light scattering; CFSE labelling; circulation cytometry – Higher quantitative levels in OSCC ( 0.05) vs. normal and benign ulceration – Annexin V+ decreased in high OSCC pathological grade ( 0.01) and poorer survival ( 0.05) – Higher quantitative levels of circulating MVs in OSCC ( 0.001) [20]Plasma EVsmicroRNAmicroarray – Exosomal portion compared to free plasma shared all 9 upregulated and 6 of 7 downregulated microRNAs [21]Plasma EVsQuantification; microRNANTA; qPCR – Increased EV number ( 0.001) and EV size ( 0.05) in OSCC vs. controls – Increased miR-21, miR-27b and miR-27a increased in EV portion vs. non-EV portion in OSCC [22]Plasma EVsCD63, Cav-1immunocapture – Non-significant decrease in CD63 post OSCC resection (= 0.091) – non-significant increase in Cav-1 post OSCC resection (= 0.237) [23]Serum exosomesproteinLC-MS;mRNA levels and mRNA expression levels in the recipient cells; no significant changes after co-incubation of HUVECs Procaine HCl with UMSCC47-derived exosomes[44]Metastatic OSCC subline (LN1-1) and parent line (OEC-M1)Human dermal lymphatic endothelial cells (LECs)LN1-1 derived EVs significantly increased migration and tube formation in comparison to incubation with mother or father cell OSCC & Defense Cells [12]OSCC individual sera; T cells (Jurkat) and OSCC series (PCI-13)T-blast cells, T cells (Jurkat)OSCC serum MV fractions had been FasL positive and induced DNA fragmentation, reduced the MMP induced or potential apoptosis of Jurkat cells, T blast cells or turned on T lymphocytes [21]OSCC series (Cal-27) produced EVsTHP1 monocytesIncrease in miR-21-5p and activation of NF- B recommending pro-inflammatory, pro-tumorigenic change[45]OSCC cell lines (SCC-25, Cal27)NK cells OSCC exosomes improved cytotoxicity of NK cells via the interferon Smo regulatory aspect 3 (IRF-3) pathway by delivery of this NF-B-activating kinase-associated proteins 1 (NAP1)[46]immortalized keratinocytes (HIOEC) leukoplakia cell series (Leuk1) OSCC cell lines (SCC25, Cal27)Macrophages (THP-1 produced); healthful donor PBMCsOSCCexosomes however, not HIOEC- or Leuk1- exosomes THP-1 and PBMCs produced macrophages right into a M1 phenotype connected with tumor suppression[47]OSCC lines (Cal-27; SCC-29)Principal T cellsOSCC produced exosomes created under normoxic circumstances turned on cytotoxicity of T cells against these same dental cancer tumor cell lines[48]OSCC collection (SCC9, Cal-27), immortalized keratinocytes (HIOEC)Macrophages (THP-1 derived), HBMCsOSCC- exosome co-cultured macrophages showed higher manifestation levels of protein markers of M2 macrophage subtype: CD163, CD206, Arg-1, and IL-10; press of above cultured macrophages improved proliferation and invasive ability of OSCC cell lines with this effect abrogated by inhibition of miR-29a-3p OSCC and Mesenchymal Stem Cells [49]Main mesenchymal stem cell (MSCs) from normal oral mucosa, dysplastic leukoplakia (LK) and OSCCOSCC collection (SCC-15); oral dysplasia collection (DOK)LK and OSCC mesenchymal stem cell derived exosomes both accelerated proliferation, invasion and migration of both SCC-15 and DOK cells[50]Main human bone marrow mesenchymal Procaine HCl stem cellsOSCC collection (TCA 8113)hBMSCs transfected with miR-101-3p-Cy3-derived exosomes donated miR-101-3p to OSCC cells repressing invasion and migration and reducing colony forming ability OPMD Study Cell Type Main Findings EVS Derived from EVs Analyzed on [51]OLPPlasma-derived exosome from OLP patientsT lymphocytes (Jurkat)T-cell proliferation and migration.
Supplementary MaterialsAdditional document 1: Table S1
Supplementary MaterialsAdditional document 1: Table S1. melanogenesis. To better understand the mechanism of miR-380-3p melanogenesis regulation, plasmids to overexpress or knockdown miR-380-3p were transfected into alpaca melanocytes, and their effects on melanogenesis were evaluated. Results In situ hybridization identified positive miR-380-3p signal in alpaca melanocyte cytoplasm. Luciferase activity assays confirmed that SOX6 is targeted by miR-380-3p. miR-380-3p overexpression and knockdown in alpaca melanocytes respectively downregulated and upregulated SOX6 expression at the mRNA and protein levels. Additionally, miR-380-3p overexpression and knockdown, respectively, in alpaca melanocytes decreased and increased the mRNA levels of melanin transfer-related genes, including microphthalmia-associated transcription factor (MITF), tyrosinase (TYR), tyrosine-related protein-1 (TYRP1), and Garcinone D dopachrome tautomerase (DCT). In contrast, miR-380-3p overexpression and knockdown respectively increased and decreased the mRNA levels of -catenin. Additionally, the effect of miR-380-3p on melanogenesis was assessed by Masson-Fontana melanin staining. Conclusions The outcomes proven that miR-380-3p targeted SOX6 to modify melanogenesis by influencing MITF and -catenin transcription and translation, which decreased the manifestation of downstream genes, including TYR, TYRP1, and DCT. These total results provide insights in to the mechanisms by which miR-380-3p controls melanogenesis. 0.001). miR-380-3p overexpression led to a significant reduction in SOX6 great quantity in the mRNA (Fig.?3b, 0.01) and proteins amounts (Fig.?3c-d, 0.01). These data claim that miR-380-3p focuses on SOX6. Open up in another home window Fig. 3 Manifestation of miR-380-3p and SOX6 in alpaca melanocytes transfected with miR-380-3p. a RT-qPCR evaluation of miR-380-3p manifestation in melanocytes transfected with miR-380-3p and its own inhibitor. b RT-qPCR evaluation of SOX6 mRNA manifestation in melanocytes transfected with miR-380-3p and its own inhibitor. c, d Traditional western blot evaluation and quantitative evaluation of SOX6 proteins manifestation in melanocytes transfected with miR-380-3p and its own inhibitor. proteins and mRNA manifestation amounts had been normalized to the people of 18S rRNA and -actin, respectively. The mean is represented from the pubs??standard mistake (0.001). Next, melanocytes had been gathered by centrifugation (Fig.?5b). To verify the result of miR-380-3p, we performed SOX6 and miR-380-3p cotransfection in the melanocytes. The results demonstrated that miR-380-3p and SOX6 can save melanin creation (Fig.?5c-d, 0.001). Masson-Fontana melanin staining indicated that the amount of melanin contaminants (arrow) was considerably reduced after miR-380-3p overexpression (Fig.?5e, f, 0.001). Open in a separate window Fig. 5 Effect of miR-380-3p on melanin production in alpaca melanocytes. a Effect of miR-380-3p overexpression and knockdown on melanogenesis compared with negative control (NC) conditions. b Effect of miR-380-3p on cell pellets. c Effect of miR-380-3p overexpression and SOX6 on melanogenesis compared with negative control (NC) conditions. d Effect of miR-380-3p overexpression and SOX6 siRNA on melanogenesis compared Garcinone D with negative control (NC) conditions. e Effect of miR-380-3p overexpression and inhibition in melanocytes on melanin according to Fontana-Masson staining. f Quantitative analysis of the distribution of melanin particles. The bars represent the mean??standard error (n?=?3). ***P?0.001 Discussion Melanocytes are melanin-producing cells responsible for skin and hair pigmentation. They contribute to the appearance of the skin and provide protection from ultraviolet radiation damage [31]. Numerous studies have focused on identifying the genes that regulate melanogenesis because of their involvement in melanoma formation. A true number of precise pigmentation systems determine the colour of your skin Garcinone D or locks of alpacas, that have 22 organic locks shades; microRNAs play essential jobs in these results. miR-380-3p isn’t expressed in regular human melanocytes, nonetheless it is certainly portrayed in melanoma cell lines [32]. Nevertheless, our outcomes indicate that miR-380-3p is certainly expressed in regular alpaca melanocytes and it is localized in the cytoplasm, recommending that miR-380-3p has a certain function in melanocyte biology in alpacas. Using bioinformatics equipment, we forecasted that SOX6 is certainly a focus on gene of miR-380-3p, recommending that the relationship between miR-380-3p and SOX6 is certainly conserved in mammals. Additionally, we discovered that SOX6 is certainly differentially expressed on the mRNA and proteins amounts in alpaca epidermis with different locks shades. miRNAs Garcinone D in pets are believed to repress focus on mRNA expression on the translation level with little if any reduction in mRNA great quantity; however, a growing number of research have uncovered that mRNA destabilization could be marketed by miRNAs via the GW182 proteins (TNRC6ACC in mammals and GW182 or Gawky in Drosophila) [33]. This romantic relationship shows that miR-380-3p will not only repress SOX6 translation.
Data Availability StatementAll relevant data are within the paper
Data Availability StatementAll relevant data are within the paper. The expression of VIP receptors, VPAC1 and VPAC2, was significantly upregulated in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from GD patients. There was an impairment of VIP signalling in these patients, due to a dysfunction of VPAC1 with preservation of VPAC2 probably. The relationship between VPAC1 and thyroid hormone receptor manifestation in PBMC from healthful subjects was dropped in GD individuals. In conclusion, the VIP program is modified in peripheral immune system cells of GD individuals and this locating is connected with different thyroid hormone receptor patterns, displaying a powerful inter-regulation and a prominent part of VIP with this establishing. values are demonstrated for Chi-square check (categorical ideals) and KruskalCWallis check (continuous factors). For additional information, see Strategies section. Concerning serum VIP amounts, there have been no variations between sexes no significant relationship with age had been observed. Likewise, no variations had been recognized between non-smokers and smokers, or in individuals with or without family members previous health background of thyroid or autoimmune disease. Interestingly, just GD individuals showed considerably lower serum degrees of VIP (median normalized: 334.24?pmol/ml) in comparison with healthy topics (364.11?pmol/ml) and with HT individuals (361.42?pmol/ml) (Fig.?1a). Relationship and regression evaluation had been performed between VIP serum amounts and relevant medical guidelines on each band of individuals, including serum levels of FT4, Monocrotaline TSH, TPOAb, TgAb and TRAb, age and sex. These analyses only revealed a significant negative correlation between VIP serum levels and FT4 levels in GD patients (B?=???7.709, and mRNA expression levels in PBMC were determined by real-time PCR. Results are expressed as relative mRNA expression (relative to mRNA levels) and referred to the expression level in healthy donors. Determinations were done in triplicate, and means and SEM are shown. (b) Protein levels of VPAC1 and VPAC2 in Monocrotaline lysates of PBMC were measured by Western blotting. Protein bands were analyzed by densitometric analysis and normalized against the intensity of -actin. Results are the mean??SEM of at least 3 Ephb3 experiments and representative pictures are shown. *values less than 0.05 were considered significant (*and and genes) were examined in PBMC from patients with GD and healthy donors. Then, we studied its relationship with the VIP axis. Transcript levels of thyroid hormone receptors, with the exception of were significantly increased in hyperthyroid GD patients compared to healthy donors (Fig.?3a, b). Open in a separate window Figure 3 Gene expression of nuclear thyroid hormone receptors, TR and TR, and plasma membrane integrin v3 in PBMC from healthy donors and from both hyperthyroid and euthyroid GD patients. The mRNA expression levels of (a) and and in PBMC were Monocrotaline determined by real-time PCR. Results are expressed as relative mRNA expression (relative to mRNA levels) and referred to the expression level in healthy donors. Determinations were done in triplicate, and means and SEM are shown. *and all genes encoding thyroid hormone receptors in PBMC from healthy donors (Table ?(Table3).3). Specifically, there were positive correlations between mRNA expression levels of and the subunit of integrin, whereas a negative correlation was found with the subunit and while recovered the negativity in the correlation with subunit, although not statistically significant (Table ?(Table3).3). Regarding was found in healthy subjects, which was not observed in GD (Table ?(Table3).3). Hence, our results showed an imbalance in the expression pattern of VIP receptors and thyroid hormone receptors in PBMC from GD patients. The relationship observed between gene expression profiles of both types of receptors in healthy subjects was lost in the hyperthyroid group, whereas was partially retained in euthyroid patients. Table 3 Correlation between gene expression of the receptors for VIP and for thyroid hormone in PBMC. Spearmans correlation test performed with the relative mRNA expression levels of.
Supplementary MaterialsSupplementary file 1
Supplementary MaterialsSupplementary file 1. gross home product deflator series. Results 104 medicines were included in our study with a imply inflation-adjusted 28-day time launch price of 288 (SD 678). The release price of fresh medicines assorted significantly across the five conditions, with medicines for Guanabenz acetate hypertension having the least expensive mean price (27) and medicines for colorectal Guanabenz acetate malignancy having the highest mean price (1590) (p 0.001). There were large raises in release prices across the study period, but the magnitude and pattern was markedly different between restorative areas. Biological medicines displayed 13.5% of all included drugs and experienced a significantly higher release price than non- biological drugs (1233 vs 141, p 0.001). 22.1% of included medicines were first-of-kind and experienced a significantly higher release price than follow-on medicines (768 vs 151) (p 0.0001). Summary Drugs prices continue to increase across different restorative areas. This has some association with novelty, but, it is not obvious if this increase in price is associated with medical benefits. strong class=”kwd-title” Keywords: drug pricing, styles, pharmaceutical advancement, UK Advantages and limitations of this study The timeline of this study enables a very long-term look at of drug pricing that goes beyond previously published work. This study used the English National Formulary to identify new medicines and new licensed indications for existing promoted medicines and is consequently likely to Guanabenz acetate represent a comprehensive view of drug pricing in the UK. This study is restricted to publicly available pricing data in the UK; the actual price paid by healthcare providers for medicines may vary from this and the results may not be relevant to other settings. This study chose to focus on five health conditions inside a pragmatic way, and the results may not be generalisable to medicines licensed for use in additional health conditions. Background Over last few decades, the?expense on healthcare has risen faster than economic growth in many developed countries.1 2 Internationally, expense on pharmaceuticals represents a significant proportion of the total healthcare budget.3 For example, high-income countries within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development spend, normally, 18% of their total healthcare expenditure on medicines and this number can reach up to 80% in some low- and middle-income countries.3 In the UK, the costs on medicines represented 11.6% of total healthcare expenditure in 2008.1 Worldwide, affordability is a major component of ensuring access to essential medicines for many conditions.4 5 Affordability displays both price and volume, and many publicly funded healthcare companies, including the UK National Health Services (NHS), aim to provide effective treatment at a price that represents value for money.6 Healthcare systems in many countries, including in the UK, use a variety of cost-saving and cost-containing measures in order to counter financial challenges. A government-wide agreement with market to cap raises in overall costs on branded medicines (the Pharmaceutical Price Regulation Plan) and ensuring authorization and reimbursement of medicines is dependent on an assessment of medical and cost-effectiveness using Health Technology Assessment (HTA), which may include restrictions on patient eligibility.6 An understanding of the drivers of medicine prices is therefore important, particularly when countries and Guanabenz acetate policy makers are seeking to develop pricing guidelines that improve both the availability and the affordability of such medicines.3 The increasing cost of pharmaceuticals used to manage a number of common conditions has received increasing attention in recent years.4 7 In the USA, retail prescription drug spending accelerated in 2014, growing 13.1% in 1?12 months, representing the largest annual increase since 2003.8 According to a recent report that regarded as the effect of changes in the pharmaceutical industry and its impact on healthcare payers in the USA,8 this increase was the result of increasing demand and changes in patient behaviour, both of which had a significant impact on drug expenditures. However, advancement or novelty is also a element, as pricing of first-of-kind medicines was noted to be probably one of the most important factors traveling this pattern.8 Studies on rising overall pharmaceutical expenditure seen during the 1990s to mid-2000s in North America and Europe possess highlighted the role played by both improved utilisation and the adoption of newer, more expensive Guanabenz acetate medicines.9 10 The high cost of newer agents has been recognized by some commentators as the key component of rising per-patient pharmaceutical costs for cancer chemotherapy and the treatment of diabetes mellitus, Mouse monoclonal to Transferrin glaucoma, psychosis, multiple sclerosis and haemophilia.11 12 However, additional studies suggest increasing utilisation.
Oligodendrocytes are the myelinating cells of the central nervous system (CNS) that are generated from oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPC)
Oligodendrocytes are the myelinating cells of the central nervous system (CNS) that are generated from oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPC). of OPC generation as a recent study has shown [42]. Tightly regulated epigenetic mechanisms, such as DNA methylation and histone modification, have recently been discovered in the regulation of OPC differentiation that are unique in the different developmental stages and in myelin regeneration (examined in detail in [43] ). More recently, activated neurons were shown to play a role in the origination and proliferation of OPC, and oligodendrocytes to myelinate [44,45,46,47]. 2.2. Distribution of OPC and Oligodendrocytes within the CNS Only 5%C8% of total glial cells are OPC [48], which are evenly distributed in white (WM) and grey matter (GM), with OPC being slightly less abundant in GM [48]. The location gives rise to behavioural differences between WM and GM OPC; while WM NG2+ OPC in organotypic brain slices had a greater proliferative response to PDGF-A, GM OPC were less responsive to PDGF-A and morphologically and genetically less mature than WM OPC [49,50]. In vivo, more WM OPC differentiate into myelinating oligodendrocytes than GM OPC, many of which remain NG2+ progenitors as shown by Dimou et al. [51,52], suggesting a potential backup pool of OPC during adulthood. In the adult CNS, oligodendrocyte generation from OPC is usually slowed down and WM OPC generate about 20% of total Fluvastatin sodium differentiated and myelinating oligodendrocytes in the murine corpus callosum vs. 5% in the cortex [53]. However, 20% of cortical GM oligodendroglial lineage cells are differentiated CNP+ NG2- oligodendrocytes yet these cells do not Vwf myelinate [53]. Recently, Hughes et al. exhibited that cortical NG2+ cells are highly dynamic, balancing their populace by proliferation, differentiation and self-repulsion to keep up homeostasis [54]. In order for axonal myelination to occur, migration of OPC using their site of source into the developing WM tracts of the CNS is required [55]. To conquer this spatial range, OPC migrate inside a jumping or crawling mode along blood vessels within the CNS, which is dependent on WNT signalling [56,57]. Their subsequent excessive proliferation, especially in the WM, leads to an abundant pool of progenitors throughout the brain and spinal cord [58]. 2.3. Developmental Markers of Oligodendrocytes and OPC New-born OPC are characterised with the appearance of DM-20 mRNA, an isoform of proteins proteolipid proteins (PLP), one of the most abundant myelin proteins [16]. You’ll find so many extra markers that determine the oligodendroglial cell lineage and reflect their Fluvastatin sodium developmental stage, one of the most prominent are summarised in Amount 1. Once focused on the oligodendroglial lineage, cell surface area antigens could be recognized by particular antibodies such as for example A2B5 [59]. In vitro, A2B5 positive cells can differentiate into both astrocytes and oligodendrocytes, which were as a result termed oligodendrocyte-type-2 astrocyte (O-2A) progenitor cells [60]. O-2A progenitor cells constitutively differentiate into oligodendrocytes unless particular environmental cues redirect differentiation into astrocytes [61]. Open up in another window Amount 1 Schematic depiction of oligodendroglial lineage markers particular for different developmental levels from neuronal progenitor cells (NPC) to myelinating oligodendrocyte (OL). A2B5 recognises progenitor cells, NPC and oligodendrocyte progenitor cells (OPC), while oligodendroglial cell lineage markers Olig1 and 2 aswell as Nkx2 and Sox10.2 are expressed in every cells from the lineage, OPC and pre-oligodendrocytes (pre-OL) are characterised by PDGFR- and NG2 appearance. PLP, O4, CNPase and O1 Fluvastatin sodium are portrayed during changeover from progenitor to differentiated oligodendrocytes, while differentiated, axon-myelinating oligodendrocytes are characterised by myelin proteins appearance (MBP, MAG, MOG, GalC). NPC: neuronal progenitor cell; OPC: oligodendrocyte progenitor cell; OL: oligodendrocyte; PDGFR-: platelet-derived development aspect receptor A; NG2: neuron-glial antigen 2; PLP: proteolipid proteins; CNPase: 2,3-Cyclic-nucleotide 3-phosphodiesterase; MBP: myelin simple proteins; MAG: myelin linked glycoprotein; MOG: myelin-oligodendrocyte glycoprotein; GalC: galactocerebroside. The very best characterised marker for OPC is normally PDGFR-, the receptor for PDGF-A, the strongest OPC success and mitogen aspect, which is normally made by both neurons and astrocytes [15,62,63,64]. Therefore, overexpression of the growth aspect, e.g., during advancement, leads to improve in OPC quantities [64]. Pre-oligodendrocytes build relationships a target.The health benefits of essential oil diffusers have long been touted by medical and health enthusiasts. Dispensing various essential oils into the air may improve skin, respiratory, and overall well-being. Lavender calms the senses, peppermint can keep critters away – – there is quite the list of reasons to have one of these handy things around. We’ve compiled a list of the best oil diffusers on the market, to make finding the right one a little simpler.
With a run time of 4 to 8 hours, and the ability to cover up to 500 ft, this is a highly effective diffuser that will not only be of practical use, but will add decorative beauty to a home. Those that designed it, specifically wanted this to be something that blended in with any type of aesthetic. Made of porcelain, they’ve done a fantastic job.
Also designed to be decorative, a glass cover gives this diffuser an elegant appearance. Like many diffusers, ultrasonic vibrations, combined with the water and essential oils, ultimately disperse the health beneficial concoction into the air. Complete with an automatic shut off, homeowners don’t have to worry about accidentally leaving it on.
The starlight diffuser is from the same line that Nordstrom offers. But if you like a little extra flair in a room, this one is a lovely choice. Little holes have been created in the exterior, which adds a twinkling look to surrounding walls.
Made of glass, each one of these diffusers is hand dipped to ensure that every piece is completely unique. So in a way, this is a pretty artistic diffuser to have in your home. The different blue hues look elegant within just about any style home, and will give off a relaxing glow. The interior reservoir where the oil goes is BPA free.
Have the flexibility of being able to change the color with this honeycomb design from Walmart. Various LED lights are within, allowing consumers to change it with their mood. At an affordable price, it’s a solid pick. With automatic shut off, and a 200 foot coverage area, folks are really loving it.
Wanting something no fuss? You found it. This particular brand features a turbo button that will let you disperse oil into the air quickly. But, you can also do it more gradually as well. We like that this basic one doesn’t stand out too much, and could easily be slipped into a corner without notice.
Why does it feel like a genie should poof out of the top of this diffuser? Beautiful wood grain exterior looks absolutely gorgeous as a coffee table centerpiece. Not only is this a diffuser, it is also a humidifier. Several color options are available as well.
Just try looking away from the mesmerizing design within this glass beauty. Looking like an explosion of stars, the product changes colors, and will be a conversation piece no doubt. No BPA, parabens or phthalates will be found within this device, and the plug-in feature is extra convenient.
With a smooth, dark wood design, and absolutely elegant shape, this diffuser looks more like a vase bought abroad at a whimsical market. Diffusers do need to be cleaned, and conveniently, this one comes with its very own handy kit, with a little brush for extra thoroughness.
Experience consistent misting, or just set it to an intermittent misting. This mighty little device is a humidifier, diffuser, and nightlight. Like our other choices, it is also designed to meld seamlessly into your home decor. You’ll also be excited to know that you can change the colors on this one too.
Quite a few diffusers are either glass, or ceramic, but this one is made stunningly from iron. Weaving all over the exterior, is a gorgeous tree design that is extremely unique and so pretty. You have all the essential functions of any fantastic diffuser.
We end this list with the jaw dropper. Beachwood comprises the handsome base, and hand blown glass tops the piece off with old school style. No water is needed, and oils can be directly dripped into the diffuser center. Coming in a sleek box, this is a highly giftable choice.Resources
We provide the following links as a service to our users. We do not necessarily endorse or recommend any of these companies, products or services. 0221
ONLINE SERVICES
Google – The #1 search engine in the world
Wikipedia – Wikipedia is a free online encyclopedia, created and edited by volunteers around the world and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation
Seat Scarf by ESE Designs – Home of the original clean seat accessory you didn’t know you needed.
Amazon – The largest online retailer with everything from books to fire pits
Walmart – The world’s largest traditional retailer takes on Amazon for online supremacy
Website Digital Marketing Agency in NY/NJ
Providing web development, app dev, website design and search engine optimization throughout the NYC metro area.
New Jersey Business Directory – Provides business and job listings in the North, Central and South Jersey
BUSINESS SERVICES
NJ Sign and Awning Companies
NJ based sign company producing high quality commercial and institutional signs and awnings..
HRS Well Drilling Service NY-NJ
Provides water well drilling, environmental engineering and geothermal engineering in the NY/NJ area.
Encore Poly and Plastic Bags
Direct from manufacturer poly bags, pallet covers, box and carton liners
NYC Diamond & Jewelry Center
Futurama Diamond Exchange is your source for glamourous jewelry shopping in New York City.
MEDICAL & HEALTH SERVICES
NJ Best Cosmetic Surgeon
Facial surgery services for facelift, blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery) and rhinoplasty (nose job) surgeon.
NY Contractors Insurance
Provides general liability insurance and workers compensation to trade contractors.
Medical Billing Service NJ
Provides medical billing service and practice management solutions at affordable rates.
Teaneck Childcare Daycare Center
The staff at our daycare center has 25 years of combined teaching and early childhood development experience.
HOME &..We started collecting recommendations for additional useful resources. We’ll keep updating this post with new resources as they come our way.
General Resources, tips and tutorials:
- Google Hangout Tutorial
- A more comprehensive Google Tutorial:
- Here is the official Google site on Teaching from Home
- Distance Design Education
- Re-sharing the UDL guidelines for those who need a refresher
- Academic Continuity: Staying true to teaching values and objectives in the face of course interruptions by Terence Day.
- Lessons learned from a SoTL study on remote teaching: a conversation with Terence Day.
- Digication Faculty Guide
- Teaching online in a Pinch – document and self-paced course
- Global Learning Online resources from FIU
- Free resources for those who are new to virtual learning
Wellbeing resources:
- Mindfulness and contemplative resources
- Free course on the ‘Science of Wellbeing‘ *Let us know if you sign up, a group of us are taking it together, so we can share with you our resources and conversations.
- Virtual Breath Breaks by MindfulPratt: Tuesdays, Wednesday, Thursdays 12:30 – 1:00.
- Stress Reduction Workshop for Faculty and Staff on April 3
Art and Creative community resources:
-
- Specific resources for the BFA areas
- 2500 museums you can visit online
- Emergency Resources for the Creative Community
- Resources for Artists
- Museum memberships
- Public Pedagogy: shared syllabi from college art teachers for college art teachers
- Online art and design instruction during Covid19 Facebook Group
ComD resources:
- Shared document of Faculty FAQs
- Thesis during Covid19
Industrial Design resources:
- Design in the Time of Corona Newsletter by Amanda H.
- Industrial Design suggestions shared by Amanda H.
SLAS Suggestions and Tools:
Do you have a website, resource or practice you’d like to share with your colleagues? Send us an email at ctl@pratt.edu and we’d be happy to share it here!With hazel eyes and I prefer if we speak french or english or spanish and I have b b hair. People call me DyannaLaurenFetish and I am 162cm tall and 22 is my age.
Don't hesitate to leave a comment, we'd like to know what you think about any peformer.ADD TO MY INTERESTS Professional Instafoodies: 18 Instagram Food Bloggers to Follow BYEvangelia Koutsovoulou, Journalist 17 December, 2014 I Instagram - the fastest growing social networking platform on the web, happens to be particularly successful among foodies. Magazines and their editors, companies, famous chefs and bloggers all engage extensively with the app, which allows users to share their moments across the web in one click. Some say that it’s the lure of the images which makes Instagram more immediate, and therefore more attractive than any other mobile platform. Others blame it on gossip: in fact when it comes to celebrities, images with personal content often happen to be the ones with most likes. The rules of popularity in mobile photo sharing vary depending on the occasion. Here we have created a compilation that showcases some of the most influential gourmands across the App. 1. THE SOCIAL PHENOMENONS When in 2012 the Norway-raised, Berlin-based Ida Skivenes (idafrosk on Instagram) started composing cute figures on her breakfast plate, she couldn’t imagine that in less than two years she would have more than 270k followers on Instagram, plus the consequent opportunity to leave her day job to dedicate herself 100% on creating edible artwork. In a similar way the even more popular Lee Samantha (leesamantha on Instagram, with 650k followers), a stylish Malaysian mother who started creating cute shapes with her daughter’s food back in 2008 in order to inspire her to eat independently, now gets commissions from an array of high-profile customers, including Barilla and the recently revamped Turkish Airlines. On the other hand the LA based Julie Lee (julieskitchen on Instagram), composes beautiful collages using the uber-healthy ingredients that go into her recipes (she talked about in an interview with Fine Dining Lovers here). The list of creative foodies who have built impressive careers starting from an influential Instagram account surely doesn’t end here: photographer and blogger Alice Gao’s pictures of neat home corners and inviting table settings, will averagely collect more than 10.000 likes in less than 15 minutes. Apart for being a muse for several brands and trusted by about about 850k instafollowers, Alice has contributed on an array of magazines from Food&Wine to Food Network. Her early partnerships with brands such as Kinfolk and Jewels of NY, helped her kickstart a consistent fan club among food lovers, just like Patrick Janelle’s position (aguynamedpatrick on Instagram) at Bon Appetit magazine brought the CFDA Instagrammer of the Year Award winner closer to New York’s food scene. 2. THE LO-FI MASTERS Mimi Thorisson - the most stylish lady of contemporary French cuisine - became popular not just thanks to her recipes prepared with local ingredients from the region of Médoc, but also because of her oneiric posts showcasing her kitchen and the beautiful rural surroundings of her chateau. Now a cookbook author and a French TV star, miss Thorisson happens to run one of the most popular accounts of Instagram on Frech food & paraphernalia. On the other side of the Atlantic ocean, the Tenessee-based Beth Kirby takes beautifully styled images that depict a bountiful southern living, while her styling skills are so big on the internet that she started giving workshops anf collaborating with plenty og great brands. 3. THE CHEFS While most professional chefs aren’t particularly familiar with the social media, April Bloomfield’s beautiful snaps of fresh ingredients, farming moments and kitchen details, give a taste of what life looks like in one of New York’s most famous professional kitchens. Osteria Francescana’s Massimo Bottura, also happens to be an instagrammer. The most followed professional chef of the moment, is NAVY restaurant’s chef and food stylist extraordinaire, Camille Becerra. Needless to say that Jamie Oliver’s mix of perfectly styled foods and memorable moments with friends, is also a must follow on Instagram. 4. THE INSTA-TRAVELLERS Food and travel also happens to be a mayor theme on Instagram. For instance the French by adoption cookbook author David Lebovitz (here his Instagram account) is a regular when it comes to sharing insider tips on French food and especially desserts. Another account worth following is the Paris-based food and travel journalist Joann Pai (sliceofpai on Instagram). Probably the most polular food and travel account on Instagram, is the one of Alan Goldberg, better known as alifewortheating on Instagram. 5. FROM THE EDITORS Last but not least come food magazines and their contributors: stylists and photographers happen to run some of the most exciting accounts – take photographers Marcus Nilsson (here on Instagram) and V.K Rees (here on Instagram) but also the accounts of independent mags that work in the realms of food, such as Cereal and the UK based Gourmand. Their sophisticated pics of neat tables culinary paraphernalia are pure bliss! Close Up: Amazing Macro Pictures | Gallery Next ArticleInformation You Can Find in Our Guide:
Learn How to Combine Coupons and Food Stamps for Maximum Savings
For every $100 in food stamps a household receives, that household increases the amount spent on food between $50 to $60 each month. Traditional economic models support that a household that receives $200 each month in food stamps should meet its grocery needs without spending as much money. In turn, the household should have an additional $200 per month in the budget for other necessities. However, that is not how individuals or families on food stamps tend to spend money. Instead, those who receive food stamps tend to increase spending on food rather than spend that additional money elsewhere. In addition, individuals who are on food stamps tend to begin purchasing name-brand products and not clipping coupons once food stamps are available.
Using coupons at the grocery store will help stretch food stamp dollars further and can help free up more money to use on bills or other necessities. It is possible to purchase food items with coupons and use food stamps at the same time. In fact, stores must honor all sales, coupons and store saving card rewards as they would a customer without food stamps, as long as the item is allowed to be purchased with food stamps.
Information You Can Find in Our Guide:
Electronic Coupons and Coupon Apps
Many individuals on food stamps do not want to stand in line with a stack of coupons and the EBT card for food stamps because they may view it as embarrassing. Therefore, electronic coupons and smartphone applications may be the best solutions for these individuals. Electronic coupons include coupon codes, store loyalty cards and card-linked offers.
In most cases, coupon codes are used for online shopping. A code is used in the discount or coupon field while shopping online for groceries. When placing an order, the code gives the shopper an automatic discount on items in the shopping cart.
Store loyalty cards must be signed up for at a customer service desk, or an online application can be filled out. Once a loyalty card is received, it can be scanned at the register to receive credit for purchases, special discounts and coupons. Many stores now allow the store card to be accessed on a smartphone and scanned at the register. That way, shoppers do not have to worry about losing their store cards. A card-linked offer can be loaded directly onto a store loyalty card, debit card or credit card from the store’s website or from the debit or credit card’s website. While checking out, these savings are automatically deducted as soon as the respective card is swiped.
Smartphone coupon apps can help a shopper track down and manage his or her digital and printable coupons. These apps work in different ways, so potential users should research the apps before using them. For example, one app allows a shopper to view saved coupons and upload them to a store loyalty card. Email notifications are sent so a shopper learns about existing offers as soon as he or she steps into the store. Another app may only be utilized for a specific store and allows a shopper to choose coupons to add to the store card from the app.
Finding Electronic Coupons
Instead of spending hours clipping coupons from a store flier or magazine, shoppers can virtually clip coupons online. Savvy coupon shoppers use different methods to find coupons for products and one of the most important methods is online. Many popular online retail and grocery store websites offer coupons directly on the website or on specific coupon websites. Another method is to sign up for a monthly newsletter from the grocery store of choice, which allows coupons to be automatically delivered or added to a store loyalty card.
Learn How to Maximize Coupons with Food Stamps
First, be sure the product for the specific coupon is one that you normally purchase. If it is not, do not be tempted to keep that coupon and purchase something you do not necessarily need. If the groceries being purchased are not going to be eaten by you and your family or they are not healthy options, the coupons may not be worth using even if they are helpful money savers.
Second, try to keep track of the respective items’ normal prices. Staples such as paper towels and toilet paper are a good place to begin because you probably purchase the same brands repeatedly. You should still search for coupons for items on the grocery list not being purchased with food stamps. If an item is on sale, it does not necessarily mean that the item is a good price or cannot be found at a lower price somewhere else. For example, do not purchase name-brand products with a coupon if the store brand is still cheaper.
You may want to consider purchasing items that are utilized frequently by the family when there is a good deal, good coupon and food stamps can be used, even if you are not currently out of that item at home. Products that do not go bad, such as canned foods, pasta and boxed foods are all good items to purchase when they are on sale, you have a coupon and food stamps will cover them. Otherwise, be sure to stick with the lowest cost option, even if that means the item is not on sale or does not have a coupon.Recent Blog Posts
November 24, 2021
It’s that time of year again…time to do some shopping! For the entire month of December we are offering a Pro Shop Sale: 30% off non-sale apparel & “Cost + 10%” on Clubs*, Shoes & Bags.
*Excludes PING Clubs – see a member of our professional staff for exact PING Club discount.
No Future Events Found.School of Science and Technology - Corpus Christi Elementary Home
Home Page Main Image Shuffle
Our Schools at a Glance
- 15 Campuses
- 9300+ Students
- 100% College Acceptance
- 99% Graduation Rate
Home Page Main Image Shuffle
Why SST?
High Expectations
We set clearly defined and measurable high expectations for academic excellence and conduct in order to create and reinforce a culture of achievement and support. We know that every student is different and we personalize learning based on a student’s needs, skills, and interests.
Dedicated Staff
SST meets all state requirements and are all highly qualified. We do whatever it takes to help our students reach their goals. Teacher collaborate to design interdisciplinary projects, offer engaging demonstrations to kick off lessons, and use innovative models.
News & Announcements
Happy Labor Day
Just a friendly reminder, there will ne no school Monday, September 6, 2021. Have a great three day weekend.Formation flight control of MAVs (mini aerial vehicles) in non- structured outdoor...
Flight robust controller for Quadrotors: simulation on MS flight simulator
Kinodynamic motion planning with local obstacle avoidance
Sensors and actuators calibration for an autonomous quadrotor
Guidance and Path Planning Approaches for the Navigation of an Autonomous Airship ...
High payload unmanned aerial vehicle for agricultural spraying
Convolutional neural networks in environment-aware sensor fusionMinimates Can Drive Too Thanks To New Line Of Tiny Vehicles
What good is an action figure without a sweet car, motorcycle or otherwise spectacular ride to call its own? Apparently, the folks at Diamond Select Toys are well aware of this need for speed as they've decided to bless the Minimates with some pretty cool vehicle counterparts.
According to a press release from the toymaker, the Minimates line will enjoy a new wave of vehicles in the Spring of 2010, thanks to the success of the previously released Mark VII Viper and Cylon Raider of "Battlestar Galactica" fame. The upcoming wave will feature a Battle Damaged Hunter Killer Tank from "Terminator 2: Judgment Day," the post-time-travel Frozen DeLorean from the "Back to the Future" movies and a M.A.X. (Mobile Action Xtreme) Red Stealth Jet, entirely unique to the Minimates line.
Alternate versions of each of the aforementioned vehicles will be released exclusively through Toys R Us.
So look, these are fine vehicles and all - who wouldn't want a Frozen DeLorean in this day and age - but come on, there are plenty of better choices than an arbitrary "Red Stealth Jet." Why not go with the Blackbird, or even Wonder Woman's invisible jet? Hopefully we'll see some more comics-centric vehicles if this first wave proves successful.
Or we'll just have a buttload of DeLoreans on our hands. That's cool, too.
[Link via Minimate Headquarters]The simple fact is: A charging cable always at hand makes everyday life better. So you always have one that can keep three of your Apple devices charged at the same time? It is an immediate upgrade of life.
This 3-in-1 Apple Watch and Charging Lightning Cable is available in a variety of colors in our sale before Black Friday, and you can save an additional 15% when using the SAVE15NOV at the checkout. This reduces the price to just $ 14.44 (regular price $ 39). But hurry up, this code will only last for a limited time.
One charging cable for 3 Apple devices
Ideal for use on the go or for cutting clutter on your desk, this smart cable can handle three of your devices at the same time, thanks to its magnetic charger for Apple Watch and two Lightning connectors. Whether it’s your Apple Watch, iPhone, iPad, AirPods or any other Apple device with Lightning connectors – this charger is all you need to charge three of them at the same time.
The extra cable length (measures 1.2 meters) increases comfort, wherever you are. The cable has also proven to be ideal for anyone who travels regularly. If you know, you know how hard it is to stay in hotel rooms, drive with a single power outlet, or work from a coffee shop where outlets are rare.
With this lightweight cable, you will never have to choose which device to charge. You can complement everything even with just one USB port available, while the long length makes even awkwardly placed sockets not a problem at all.
A cable with a triple threat also looks great. It comes in a variety of colors, so you can show off your personality, match your devices, or easily determine which cable is yours.
Save on 3-in-1 Apple Watch and Lightning cable
Take advantage of this offer and you will join the multitude of converted fans online. In fact, this cable has received an impressive 4 out of 5 star rating from its users.
Have all your Apple devices charged with this 3-in-1 Apple Watch and Lightning Charging Cable, available in Gray, Pink, Blue, White, Red, or Purple for $ 14.44 for a limited time when you enter the code SAVE15NOV.
Prices are subject to change.
Friendly communicator. Music maven. Explorer. Pop culture trailblazer. Social media practitioner.In an article posted by the European Journal of Preventive Cardiology, it is said that physiological age (Age Based on Exercise Stress Testing or A-BEST Score) is the best indicator or predictor of death than chronological age. What does that even mean? Based on this study, heart performance scores with lower physiological scores than chronological ages were people who were likely to live longer than their peers in their same age group. In comparison, those who scored a higher physiological score than their chronological age, didn’t out live their peers.
Out of 126,356 study participants, the average age.”
Isn’t it funny that common saying seems to hold some truth, “It’s not how old you are, it’s how old you feel.”
How insane is that? Your lifespan can be extended as long as you put in work to strengthen your cardiovascular system. So whether you’re 20 or 60, exercise can help you enjoy life to the fullest and can possibly extend it too! If that isn’t motivation to get into the gym, I don’t know what is.
Link to the article can be found here!Busy
Busy, taking her time…
Action shot
With a little help of the Fortune, even a non-sport camera proves to be good for (relatively) fast moving subjects.
Modern Times
A man walks through a square as ever did, and ever will. In the meantime, the world changes.
Beach in black
Didn’t use any special camera settings. ISOs range from 800 to 3200.
ChitChat in a sunny day
No hurry, no stress. Just a friendly conversation on a sunny day
Purple Haze
Early on a winter morning a purple haze…
Out for a ride…
Out for a ride, on the very first hours of the new year…
Alone
You can be alone, even in the middle of a crowd.
Late
Late. Again. As ever…
Yet Another Dawn
Yet Another Dawn Picture. There is a snobbish attitude among “real-photographer” (those tough guys that know all about cameras, lenses, optics, chemistry, physics, hardware, software, journalism, fine-art, landscape, portrait and, finally, Leica – and that barely shot a frame or two once at year) that photo like this one shouldn’t be taken at all. If…
Disagreement
When dogs (like that) start yelling at you with no apparent reason, becoming a bum starts being an option…
Waiting for the match…
A young soccer player is waiting for the train that will lead him to join his team. The match is going to start soon.
The Argument
A fierce debate in a sunny winter day.
Different Paths
Different paths in a rainy day. A cross that never happened.
Footprints in the Snow
Footprints in the snow. A lonely path toward a journey in the mountains.
A.
Has street-photography a limit?
Chasing the captain is a series of shots made in Venice (Italy) by Yanick Delafoge, a very good street-photographer whose website I visit almost daily. Chasing the captain is accompanied by an explanation of the circumstances that led to the shots and based on the assumption that the subject was, indeed, a Navy Officer. Thus,…
A new camera and the quest for the missed information
Convinced by the hype raised by the review of a well known camera review website I purchased a bridge camera (the brand doesn’t matter), just to be surprised and disappointed at the same time. The surprise came out when I discovered that the this camera comes – as standard – with a lens hood, does…When I was eight I lived in the area of southwest London known as Barnes, and I went to Westfields County Primary School. Westfields was one of those old rectangular buildings with a central assembly hall/gym surrounded by classrooms along the walls, offices at the front end and the student cloakroom at the rear. The loo stalls were outside, so answering the call of nature between late October and April – most of the school year – usually necessitated a chilly trip. (That’s all been knocked down and replaced now, but the old back gate is still there.)
In the autumn of that year my classroom teacher Mr. Green announced that he would be teaching group recorder lessons to anyone who wanted to learn, every Tuesday after school. He gave us a letter outlining the registration routine, lesson schedule, and the cost. Anyone wanting their child to participate was asked to sign the form and send it back, along with four shillings and ten pence or whatever it was – 2s.6p. for the recorder and the remainder for the book.
When I went back to school the next day with the signed form and money in hand, I was happy about it but I thought I was doing it at my mum’s insistence rather than mine. Years later I heard her version of the story, which was that I’d announced the offer of lessons, asked ‘What’s a recorder?’ and that when I understood it was the flute thing my Uncle Bill played, I got very excited and wanted to be signed up right away.
I don’t recall the part about Uncle Bill at all, but it doesn’t surprise me that he might have been an inspiration to me. Married to my mother’s first sister, he was one of those men whom everyone liked – cheerful, good-natured, sociable, intelligent, funny. It was one of life’s cruelties that he died of a brain tumour in his late thirties, leaving my Aunt with two small children and her heart bashed in.
Uncle Bill played the recorder at the family singalongs around my Aunt’s piano. My Aunt played piano extremely well, inventing accompaniments to show tunes, folk songs and the occasional hymn. Everyone loved to sing and did so enthusiastically, but I didn’t because I’d been asked not to. Allegedly I took after my father’s ‘tin-eared’ side of the family because I couldn’t carry a tune. [My father came from a family full of atheletes, and just to be clear, I don’t take after them either.] It was no fun not joining in at the family piano-swarmings, so the possibility of playing what Uncle Bill did must have seemed like a great idea to me. Off I went to recorder class.
I liked playing a lot, and I didn’t have to be reminded to practise. My playlist of favourite tunes included Down in Demerara, March from Judas Maccabeus and All Things Bright and Beautiful, and like most kids I made up my own tunes as well. I still have a couple of those first attempts at ‘composing’ and they’re pretty hilarious, but I’ve often wondered why that particular creative desire went underground for so many years afterward. Years later, while teaching basic recorder for music education students at university, I regularly asked them to think back to their earliest musical experiences and asked, did they made up their own songs or tunes? Do they, still? (Most answered no.) When did they stop doing that, and why?
Very interesting, the looks on their faces as they wondered about all that.
Anyway, after a few weeks passed, my mother must have been surprised to get another letter from Mr. Green, asking that I be allowed to join the class which had been already playing for a year. He thought I’d catch up to them quickly and was worried I’d get bored if I stayed with the other beginners. So I switched group and, apart from having to deal with a few snotty comments from the second-years, it was just fine. That Christmas I joined in with my recorder at the family singalong, and it was just the best!
My friend Pauline remembers that Mr. Green drove around in a Mini, often with a cello in the back seat. Sadly I don’t recall that, but I’m very glad that Mr. Green was such a music enthusiast, and so generous of spirit. He taught those classes without charging anything for his time. What a gift, and I’ll always remember him for it.
Side note for anyone who’s been designated as ‘tin-eared’:
Being truly ‘tone deaf’ is pretty rare, and most people who think they can’t carry a tune can learn to sing. We’re usually quite unaware of our voices, and when singing it’s hard to hear your own sound as it rattles around in your head. For some there’s also an experience of fear or embarrassment connected to our early attempts to sing in the company of others, and the memory of it can stick like grime. For me, some voice lessons in Basel and the generous encouragement from colleagues were a big help in banishing some gremlins of old.
I’m not about to sing any solos in public, anywhere, but I’ve managed to sing in small groupings at a few concerts and once I even sang two solo lines in a program of music from medieval convents, which on top of everything else was recorded for the radio. I was so nervous I almost passed out, but hearing myself when the show was broadcast a few weeks later was an amazing little moment. I was no Hildegard of Bingen, but I didn’t suck. Who knew?Mobile Phones
Mobile Phones
Parents and guardians,
May I take this opportunity to ask you to remind your child of our policy in relation to mobile phones.
This is-
Mobile phones are not permitted on school site. If they are seen then they will be confiscated and can only be collected by a responsible adult.
I thank you for your continued support in ensuring that our children’s focus is upon their studies and not being distracted by mobile phone use.
Wishing you all a very restful and enjoyable Easter holidays.
Mr JarvisTime For A CPQ Reality Break ve ... Read moreInline Planet
Skate Route Mapper Instructions
1.) Click the "Search for Skate Routes" link.
2.) Enter address (e.g. Martinez, CA; Paris, FR) or zip code of the area where you want to skate.
3.) (Optional) Set "Within" distance to expand the range of your search.
4.) Click "Go!"
1.) Go to the "Create a Skate Route" page by clicking on a "Create a Skate Route" link.
2. Zoom the map to the location of your route. You can do this by either:
• Entering your address or zip code (e.g.: Martinez, CA or 94553) in the "Zoom to" box and clicking "Search".
• Clicking on the map and, while holding down the mouse button, dragging it to your location. Once you get there, zoom in using the zoom bar on the left side of the screen.
3.) Click on the map to create the first point of your route.
4.) Add points to draw your route.
5.) Change points to parking markers by clicking the "Make it a parking marker" button.
Note: You must convert a point to a parking marker before moving on. To convert an earlier point, you must click the "Undo last point" button, working backwards, until you have deleted the point where the parking marker will go. Then add a new point where you want the parking marker to go and click the "Make it a parking marker" button.
6.) Type in the name of the route and other information.
7.) Check your information!
8.) Click "Add Map".
The Skate Route Mapper works with most up-to-date web browsers but not Apple's Safari. However, it does work on the Macintosh versions of the free Firefox and Opera browsers.
• Want to share a route with a friend? ... Click the "Email Route" link, found on the top right corner of all individual route pages.
• Want to delete a map? ... Send us a note. Don't forget to say which map you want us to delete.
• Did you encounter a problem? ... Send us a bug report. Include the name and version number of your browser.
Questions, comments? ... Send us an email.It’s the main working for the Giacomo Martinelli Srl. Thanks to the experience of more than 50 years of history and passion the personnel of the company is able to manufacture standard and non standard thread rolling operations, starting from M-MJ 1,8 up to M-MJ 120. Two different kinds of workings have to be consider: manufacturing of automatic thread rolling operations -for big batch- and thread rolling operations with CNC used for sampling or for particular with huge resistance or specific characteristics.≡
Artwork of the Month - October 2011
Le Hanois
Artist: Tom Wright
Medium: Oil on board
Status: Loaned by the artist
Accompanied by Storm Force - composed & performed by the artist (link below)
Item No.: -
About the Work
This painting captures the essence of a storm, with its dark menacing sea and sky. Tom Wright has a very particular method of working. He primarily works from memories and, being a keen sailor, these often relate to the sea. This results in paintings that have a dreamy surreal feel to them.
Here the creative process involves not just sight but also sound. The music accompanying the artwork has been composed by the artist as a direct response to the memories and emotions used within the painting itself.
Audio
- Storm ForceThe Supplemental Authorization in Mathematics program seeks to prepare and certify qualified teachers, who already possess a multiple-subjects credential to teach mathematics in middle school (grades 6-8). This program consists of four mathematics courses over two semesters, totaling ten units of graduate study, designed to enhance the mathematical content knowledge of elementary and middle grades teachers. Upon completion, students can apply to the California Commission on Teaching Credentialing (CCTC) to receive the Supplemental Authorization in Mathematics. These courses may also be utilized to meet the mathematics requirements of the Master of Arts in Mathematics Education (Elementary/Middle School Emphasis) offered at FPU.
Highlights
- Districts are seeking credentialed teachers increasing their authorizations
- Courses are offered on campus or fully online
- Math instruction will employ a Low-Floor – High-Ceiling approach that research indicates to be highly effective
- Seamless transition into a Master of Arts degree if desired
- Scholarships are available
Career opportunities
School districts in the Central Valley, and across California, come to us regularly looking for middle school math teachers. There is a strong need for qualified middle school math teachers within California and beyond. This authorization will allow teachers to be at the forefront of meeting this need.
Program director
Christopher Brownell, Ph.D.
Admission requirements
- Application form and fee: fpu.edu/applygrad
- One current professional reference form
- Official transcripts verifying BA/BS degree
- Valid California Credential
- Statement of intent
Course listing.Lewis Hamilton secured ‘pole’ for the Turkish Grand Prix but will start 11th after taking a new engine. Hamilton is quickest for pole position but will start in 11th in tomorrow’s race. Hamilton is the first man out for his second lap and he sets the fastest first sector of any where he had gone slower than Bottas in his first effort. So top ten ten after the first efforts are Bottas, Hamilton, Verstappen, Gasly, Perez, Alonso, Norris, LeClerc, Tsunoda and Stroll. Bottas is quicker in the first sector, Hamilton is quicker in the second and third but the Finn is quicker across the lap by 0.022 seconds. Hamilton is looking very good for pole position but remember that his ten place penalty means he will be starting no higher than 11th regardless. He will look good for a pole position in Q3 with Hamilton’s penalty. Alonso does a nice lap to go second and now Verstappen has set the quickest first sector. Hamilton is the first man across the line but it was a steady lap by the Brit as he gets the tyres working and he is 5.5 seconds behind Bottas who follows him and goes quickest. Bottas now goes quickest, while Norris is second ahead of Verstappen, Alonso and Hamilton. Hamilton is setting quickest sectors and he does go quickest on his second lap which is good news for the Brit.Follow MotorMouth on social media:
Aita, Antonio, doctor
Index: El Aleph, El Aleph, OC,Obras completas. Buenos Aires: Emecé, 1974. 627.
Arg.
Fishburn and Hughes: "An Argentine writer and critic, secretary of the Argentine PEN Club, who sought to disseminate interest in Latin American literaure. The reference to his winning of the First National Prize for literature is fictitious. He did, however, win a literary prize in Belgium." (5)Image Sash Chains with Pull Rings Jump to Section Product Options Related Products Product Options Part Number Size Material J125 4-1/2" (115 mm) Brass J150 6-1/2" (165 mm) Brass J300 8-1/2" (215 mm) Brass J500 12-3/4" (325 mm) Brass Related Products Image Jack Chain with S-Hook Image Stainless Steel LanyardClean Energy / News & Views / Crowdfunding Could Brighten Michigan’s Clouded Solar Future
Crowdfunding Could Brighten Michigan’s Clouded Solar Future
Some businesses can boost profits with crowd-financed rooftop projects
Solar Power | February 24, 2015 | By Jim Dulzo
Interested?
Michigan residents interested in crowdfunding a solar project are welcome to provide their contact information to the author, Jim Dulzo,...
Want to invest in a hot technology, earn a decent rate of return, create Michigan jobs, and battle climate change—all at the same time?
Thanks to an innovative state law, the MILE (Michigan Invests Locally Exemption) Act, which allows “crowdfunded” investments by state residents in new or existing businesses, Michiganders could soon do exactly that by crowd-investing in clean energy projects, particularly solar power systems, located at certain kinds of businesses and institutions.
The falling price of sun power, the rising cost of Michigan’s electricity, and the growing interest in energy independence could form a perfect solar wave that such crowdfunded projects could ride.
Tom Stanton, formerly the Michigan Public Service Commission’s renewable energy section manager, is a strong proponent of pointing Michigan’s new crowdfunding law at citizen- and business-scale energy efficiency and renewable energy projects.
“This is a fabulous opportunity,” said Stanton, who now researches, among other things, the economic and regulatory energy reforms needed to make Michigan a leader in the global, clean energy marketplace. He likes MILE, passed by the state Legislature last year, because it allows non-accredited Michigan investors to send money—up to $10,000 per investor per project—to local startups or established businesses in exchange for either predetermined or profit-based returns.
Non-investment-certified companies or startups are allowed to raise up to $1 million per year that way.
“This returns us to the original idea behind stocks and bonds: ‘I’m giving you this money to do a very specific thing that I can actually see, with the expectation that it will make money,’” Stanton said. “Right now, with investments in multi-national corporations and mutual funds, most investors are flying blind.”
Stanton believes crowdfunding could give distributed solar development in Michigan a needed kick in the pants. Unlike many other states, Michigan has few state policies or utility incentives, beyond a few expiring utility pilot programs, that directly encourage strong solar development at any scale, from modest home rooftop systems, to larger arrays powering businesses or institutions, to utility-scale solar farms.
So the going’s been tough for solar in Michigan, but perhaps for not much longer.
“Michigan’s crowd-investing law may be the very best in the country right now, so that gives us some really special opportunities to set up investments in clean energy here,” Stanton said.
“We absolutely know this can work,” he added, offering the galloping success of ‘third party’ solar companies like SolarCity as a prime example. The firm installs modestly sized systems on homes and businesses without any upfront investment from building owners, and turns a profit by collecting power payments that would otherwise go to the utility—and charges a permanently guaranteed rate that’s lower than the customer’s utility charges.
“It is already a multi-million dollar business for them,” he observed. Crowdfunded projects could accomplish much the same thing in Michigan, allowing small investors, not just monopolies, to profit from the solar boom.
But there’s a catch that narrows this sunny opportunity down to buildings housing seven-day operations: Michigan’s “net metering” law.
A Net Metering Workaround
Net metering, part of Michigan’s 2008 legislative energy reforms, requires utilities to hook up to a customer’s solar installation so that, when it generates more power than the building uses, the extra power essentially runs the customer’s meter backward, crediting the account at the retail price of power. Solarized customers are not allowed to earn back more than they would typically pay annually for electricity, but in theory they can cancel out everything on their bill, except monthly, flat “customer charges.”
That’s nice for homeowners, and it would be great for businesses, too—particularly those that use lots of electricity, like machine shops, large restaurants, big box stores or office buildings.
But power-hungry customers can’t do that in Michigan. The net metering law restricts earning full retail credit rate to systems no larger than 20 kilowatts, which is very large for a typical home or small business, but nowhere near what big buildings use. Larger systems still earn credit, but only at far lower, usually wholesale rates.
That means much slower paybacks and lower returns on investment.
But what if a business used every last electron that its panels produced, including on weekends? That can happen, Stanton said, with enterprises that operate seven days a week and install systems sized to barely cover their usual daytime needs.
“If we put panels at a hospital or a retail operation that can use all the energy the panels make every single day, and put them between the utility meter and the building, then even without net metering, they are always saving on electricity costs at the retail rate,” he explained.
Other seven-day-a-week places that could use this non-net-metered arrangement—and thus would be good targets for crowdfunded solar projects—include dairy farms, senior homes, police stations, prisons, exercise clubs, and chain restaurants.
So, with the right-sized solar system on the right kinds of buildings, the crowdfunding investors would turn a modest, dependable profit on the panels, which are usually guaranteed for 20 or more years. The building owner, without any upfront investment, would immediately see lower utility bills.
Even better, Stanton points out, would be combining higher-cost solar with deep energy efficiency retrofits that pay for themselves relatively quickly and produce higher rates of return through avoided utility bills.
"This is already a multi-billion dollar per year opportunity for the biggest energy users," Stanton said, referring to the rapid rise of energy service companies that specialize in saving energy and energy costs for very large buildings. "The Michigan MILE act can help bring those same opportunities to thousands of smaller customers and small investors.
Stanton pointed out that many Fortune 500 companies want on-site solar power. The good thing about the “behind the meter” model is that it happens without the need for any special utility cooperation.
In fact, he added, the idea is part of a much larger discussion going on all over the country.
“Some utilities are scared to death of the idea and are trying to erect barriers, while another group is asking, ‘How do we change our business model to take advantage of this?’” he said.
Until they do, however, Stanton said, the distributed solar playing field is ripe for smart, crowdfunded clean energy projects.
Lawmakers, New Co-ops Could Help
Michigan’s big utilities are among those resisting the spread of smaller scale, distributed or rooftop solar systems. But efforts to overcome that resistance could surface soon in the state Legislature, and that could help crowdfunded solar.
Last year, a bipartisan group of House members introduced the Energy Freedom Package, which, among other things, would lift size and payment restrictions on net-metered renewable energy. The package did not advance, nor did other, similar ideas suggested near the end of 2014.
But a bipartisan group of lawmakers remains interested in encouraging customer-owned or –located renewables. After Gov. Rick Snyder gives his highly anticipated speech on his vision for Michigan’s energy future next month, some pieces of the original package could resurface. Success would open the field for crowdfunded solar projects for all sorts of buildings, not just large, seven-day operations.
Meanwhile, Kate Redman, an attorney at Olsen, Bzdok & Howard, in Traverse City, has been analyzing how crowdfunding can work with “solar cooperatives” dedicated to helping people install solar systems.
“My personal goal is to figure out a model that can work to get more solar out there on residences and businesses, and make it more affordable and accessible,” she explained. “There is a big ‘soft cost’ of figuring things out, especially the legal, financial, and other contractual details. We need a good model, financing documents and contract templates, so others can duplicate in other places the kinds of projects we come up with here.”
Redman believes crowdfunding can work for single, individual projects, and likely can also mesh with the co-op model. A co-op is typically a member-owned and -run food, housing, or electric supply business., but she envisions solar co-ops, likely crowdfunded, that use their combined membership, buying power, and expertise to execute solar projects in many settings.
“Can we figure out a way to make it work with current laws and utility projects?” she said. “It’s possible. But a more favorable legislative climate would really help. That’s why I encourage people to ask their legislators to support proposals like the Energy Freedom bills.
“The economic climate is becoming more and more favorable with solar costs going down,” she added. “I’m optimistic we will get somewhere. There are a lot of good people interested and working on it.”
Stanton is optimistic, too, even though he’s acutely aware of the state policy and utility regulatory barriers to building more non-utility, distributed solar in Michigan.
“I find this extremely interesting, I guess because that’s just the business I’m in: understanding the utility regulatory climate,” he said. “The public is probably not really interested in that part of it, but they clearly would love to see more clean energy, and will do what they can to support it. And if they can make a few percent on it, they’d love to invest in it, too.”
Please note: Michigan residents interested in crowdfunding a solar project are welcome to provide their contact information to the author, Jim Dulzo. Mr. Dulzo is the Michigan Land Use Institute’s senior energy policy specialist. Reach him at jimdulzo@mlui.org.Last:.
This is very good news to those of us who believe in liberty — and, of course, for Liberty, too.Uchay Joel Chima (b. 1971, Enugu, Nigeria) examines environmental and social issues in Nigeria and the world. Across the globe, more frequent and intense drought, storms, heatwaves, rising sea levels, melting glaciers and warming oceans continue to wreak havoc on people’s livelihoods and communities.
Chima employs a wide range of materials including charcoal, sand, strings, wax, disused sacks and paints to create thought-provoking mixed-media works. The natural world has been a source of inspiration for Chima since childhood, based on his upbringing in Enugu, located in the South Eastern region of Nigeria, referred to as the “Coal City”.
Chima’s practice is centered around solutions and ways to design nature into the fabric of urban environments. Viewers are invited to envision a sustainable future and ecosystem with plants and other natural elements living in harmony.
Chima was one of four artists chosen through a competitive international selection process to partake have been featured at international auction houses including Bonhams and Arthouse Contemporary Limited.- Description
- Package Content
This is an E-Ink display HAT for Raspberry Pi, 6inch, 1448×1072 high definition, with embedded controller IT8951, communicating via USB/SPI/I80 interface, supports partial refresh.
Due to the advantages like ultra low power consumption, wide viewing angle, clear display without electricity, it is an ideal choice for applications such as shelf label, industrial instrument, and so on.
Wiki :
Weight: 0.117 kgLine monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G, line monitoring for android 12
Line monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G, Line monitoring for android 12
Line monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G, line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g. get all information on the outgoing, received and missed calls on the targeted device, as well as the recording of the actual call. Manage SMS.
, line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g.
Line monitoring for android 12
Another strong contender is the google pixel 4a 5g, which, for $499, will provide you with not only 5g, but one of the best cameras on any phone, as well as some great google software. Google introduced a new round of tech products, including two midpriced smartphones, a smart speaker, and a revamped streaming device. The new phones are the the pixel 5 and pixel 4a (5g) with 5g connectivity. Google also updated its nest audio smart speaker and the chromecast with google tv streaming player. The pixel 4a 5g was announced on september 30, 2020, alongside the pixel 5, the google nest audio, and the latest chromecast. The latest google phone app on the new google pixel 5 and google pixel 4a 5g allows you to do this. So when you call a toll-free number and a business puts you on hold, google assistant waits on. As there’s no xl pixel this year, the pixel 4a 5g acts as the largest member of the google phone family. Here you’ve got a 6. Google may well be on edge about its pixel line these days. Overall winner: google pixel 4a 5g. The google pixel 4a 5g may not offer a wide range of bells and whistles, but its core features are mostly excellent. The pixel 4a 5g offers excellent camera performance, a top-notch android experience, and 5g connectivity for under $500, but google's pixel 5 ultimately delivers better value in the long run. It is well known that pixels have always been good photographers, but google now also wants to appeal to cinematographers and, in addition to 4k at 60fps, also offers new stabilization modes for the cameras in pixel 5 and pixel 4a 5g, which include the typical slow-motion pans from the cinema should deliver and be named by google cinematic pan. Google pixel 4a 5g let’s get the 5g elephant out of the room. Before we jump into the meat of the review, let’s talk about 5g. The pixel 4a 5g is a 5g device, as you can tell by the name Does one thing very well, line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g.
Line monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G, line monitoring for android 12. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to ask Your suggestions and ideas are important to us – feel free to leave some in the Feedback Section or contact our Customer Support Team., line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g. Overall winner: google pixel 4a 5g. The google pixel 4a 5g may not offer a wide range of bells and whistles, but its core features are mostly excellent. With its 6. 2-inch oled panel the pixel 4a 5g actually has the biggest screen of google’s 2020 line-up. Google’s own support page explains that the pixel 4a 5g and pixel 5 only support 4g connectivity when both sims are provisioned. Google 5g smartphones feature the latest technology so you always have that new phone feeling. Find out which pixel phone is right for you. Pixel 5 and pixel 4a (5g) phones work with 5g networks. The kind of 5g service depends on both the phone model and the carrier network. In the us, some pixel 4a (5g) phones are made specifically for use with verizon. Learn which pixel phone models can work with which kinds of 5g. Pixel phones work with all major carriers. The latest google phone app on the new google pixel 5 and google pixel 4a 5g allows you to do this. So when you call a toll-free number and a business puts you on hold, google assistant waits on. Both the google pixel 4a and samsung galaxy note20 5g were released this week and are now available for purchase. You can adjust how your phone uses data by changing your mobile network settings. Depending on your carrier and service plan, your phone may connect automatically to your carrier’s fastest. For my tastes, the pixel 4a (5g) should be the one google promotes the most this year. The pixel 4a 5g, meanwhile, serves as a bumped-up version of the pixel 4a, which is part of google's midrange line of phones. Pixel 4a (5g) and pixel 5 are here, packing more helpful google features into phones backed by the power and speeds of 5g 1. From google’s latest ai and assistant features, to the biggest ever batteries we’ve put in a pixel, to industry-leading camera features, pixel 4a (5g) and pixel 5 join our much loved pixel 4a in providing more help at a more helpful price. Encased google pixel 3a / pixel 3a xl/ 4/ 4a 5g / 5 charger stand (usb type c) desktop charging dock (heights adjustable station mount) black 4. 0 out of 5 stars 437 $19
Track and android phone, line monitoring for iphone 6
Line monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G.., line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g. Kaspersky’s location tracking and geofencing work in both iOS and Android, as do its web monitoring and device scheduling. But app management is limited on iOS, and the iOS app can’t monitor calls or texts at all..
Find my lost phone location., line monitoring for google pixel 4a 5g.
Line monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G. 2 Truecaller., line monitoring for android 12.
Samsung phone record call
Tracking an android device has become easier than ever. All you need is to learn some quick technological hacks. And every time you need to track a phone, it’s not possible to try out different strategies and research about it on google.. The need to track android phone arises from the fact that sexting is a fantasy that breaks eventually when the other person is not loyal anymore. Third-party find my phone apps for android. We recommend using either the google or samsung service for tracking your android phone, but if neither of those sound appealing to you, there are a number of third-party apps you can use. Monitor others android/ios phone and track their real-time activity without them knowing. Monitor messages, social media platforms activity and receive alerts about their activity. The “full” android we know and use daily on our phones has the google mobile services (gms) platform built on top of android. To track your device, you can also use find my device’s website in any browser, whether on your computer or another smartphone. If you’re logged into your google account, you can type “find my.. Find my device makes it easy to locate, ring, or wipe your device from the web. Whether you forgot where you left it or it was stolen, a few steps may help secure your phone or tablet. Google's free find my device service is what you'll use should your phone ever go missing to track, remotely lock and remotely erase it. Check to make sure find my device is enabled on your android.., track and android phone. Download: Call Recorder & Voice Memo by BPMobile (Free trial, $7.99/month) Mobile number locator on google map live
Voice Recorder has 47 ratings and over 10 million downloads. It is another best android app to record phone calls secretly without letting other callers know., line monitoring for iphone xs max. It has an adjustable sample rate from phone quality (8 kHz) up to CD quality (44 kHz).. 39 Ratings Rated for 3+ 2.6 MB 100 K+ downloads., line monitoring for ipad mini 5. App uploaded by: Fernando Castillo. Latest Version: 11., line monitoring for iphone 11 pro. If you are looking for a well-established cell phone spy app with millions of users all over the world, Cocospy is the app you need It is one of the most widely used and reviewed Android spy apps in the world., line monitoring for samsung galaxy s21. In fact, I have even seen the biggest media outlets like TechRadar, PCMag, Forbes, etc. What else can tell you about the success of an Android spy application? Social media monitoring. all activities on the social media accounts of the targeted device are well monitored; Facebook, Whatsapp, Viber, Snapchat are few of apps that Snoopza has got covered, line monitoring for ipad 7. A. Let’s have a look at the same below., line monitoring for iphone 11 pro. Record WhatsApp Calls on Android. Yes, you can The Cube ACR app widget is activated and starts recording the Viber call automatically when it’s initiated., line monitoring for samsung galaxy note 20. , line monitoring for oneplus nord n10 5g. It works sneakily and never gives a single clue to the target device caller that someone is up to record his/her live cellphone calls, line monitoring for google pixel 2. How Can I Record A Call Without An App? Step 3: tape record, line monitoring for iphone 5c. Now you easily record the phone call on Samsung Galaxy Note 9 Android Oreo 8.1 device.
Kids monitoring for iPhone 11
Voice message recording app for OnePlus 8 Pro
Telegram monitoring for iPad mini 5
Telegram monitoring for iPhone 11
Skype monitoring for iPhone 7 Plus
Purchased apps today:
Instagram monitoring for Nokia X
Media (photo/video) monitoring for iPhone 12 Pro
Kids monitoring for Google Pixel 4a 5G
Kids monitoring for iPhone XR
Social networks monitoring for Nokia X
Snapchat monitoring for Samsung Galaxy S III mini
GPS location tracking for Samsung Galaxy S7
Viber monitoring for iPad 5
Snapchat monitoring for iPad Pro 11
GPS location tracking for Motorola Moto EEcosoft MO 24000 commercial reverse osmosis system
Ecosoft MO 24000 сommercial reverse osmosis system is a compact, light and energy-efficient solution with the productivity of up to 24000 L/day.
Use of Dow Filmtec™ membranes 24000 commercial reverse osmosis system is designed for water purification in private houses, cafes, restaurants, laboratories, in the industry for small technological processes, for steam boilers and steam generators.
Key advantages:
- Reliable performance due to high-quality engineering and components.
- Flow capacity up to 24000 L/day
- Saves space due to compact original design.
- Easy-to-use due to smart architecture.
- Saves up to 50 % of energy - due to highly efficient Dow FilmtecTM RO membranes and GrundfosSALT BAE has beef with Conor McGregor and Khabib Nurmagomedov.
The Turkish chef, 36, has called out the two MMA stars - claiming he is "ready" to fight.
Salt Bae, real name Nusret Gokce, broke the internet when a video of him flamboyantly sprinkling salt over a steak went viral.
After opening a chain of steakhouses around the world and amassing over 24 million Instagram followers, he has turned his attention to fighting.
Speaking to RT Sport, the 36-year-old called out two of the biggest names in the world of MMA.
When asked who he would fight, he said: "McGregor, Khabib, everybody. I am ready. I respect too much.
"One day if you invite me, I am ready for fighting."
And Gokce revealed how he wakes up early to exercise before he heads off to work.
He said: "You know I am normally a butcher, but also I like sport.
"Every morning, I wake up early, first I do sport then all day working.
"Of course, sport is very important. Also, you know, foods, protein, meat, very important for a sportsman."
In the clip, the 36-year-old worked up a sweat as he was put through his paces in the gym.
After the video did the rounds on Twitter, one fan said: "Let them fight @danawhite."
Another social media user added: "Logan Paul vs Salt Bae."
Salt Bae has entertained some of the world's most famous sports stars in his luxurious restaurants.
France legend Franck Ribery tucked into a monstrous £1,000 gold-covered steak at the start of the year.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang showed off £65,000 worth of bling as he dined out at Gokce's steakhouse in Dubai.
And boxing legend Ricky Hatton joked he woke up in a "puddle of f****** tears" after he spent £835 on Salt Bae's steak.
MOST READ IN SPORT
But Salt Bae's chances of fighting McGregor or unbeaten champion Khabib in the near future are very slim.
The Irish superstar will end his UFC retirement and fight Donald Cerrone on January 18.
And Khabib will defend his UFC lightweight title against Tony Ferguson on April 18 in Brooklyn.UK’s “Chicken King” Warns: The Era Of Cheap Food Is Over
UK’s “Chicken King” Warns: The Era Of Cheap Food Is Over
At least someone is honest when it comes to soaring food inflation:
“Food is too cheap,” Ranjit Boparan, who is known as the “Chicken King” in the UK, was quoted by Reuters
 said, who produces 33% of all poultry products in the country.
“The days when you could feed a family of four with an STG3 ($A5.55) chicken are coming to an end,” he said, adding that the twin crises of Brexit and COVID are pushing prices higher amid snarled supply chains in the world’s fifth-largest economy. The shortage of truckers to butchers to warehouse workers has exacerbated supply chain pressure. An energy crisis and power crunch have disrupted the food supply chain and added additional inflationary pressures.
He outlined how labor shortages would pressure wage inflation higher that would force him to automate:
“Less labor means less choice, core ranges, empty shelves, and wage inflation, and this isn’t going to change,” he said.
“Right now, I need to be honest about what this means for the consumer as inflation could reach double digits.”
A winter of discontent could be nearing for millions of Brits as soaring food, energy, and power prices hamper the country’s economic recovery.
Tyler Durden
Fri, 10/15/2021 – 05:45"
Tags: Demo, Eurooptic.com, Eurooptics, Leupold, Premier, Zeiss
3/21/11
The only scopes we totally trust and recommend are S&B PMII and Priemer Heritage. We also refer all our customers to Alex at EuroOptic. He is the only man to deal with, and these are the only scopes to consider if you are really serious about consistent, repeatable long-range accuracy.
i guess you dont have any experience with the worlds best scope. Leupold
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Website
Current ye@r *
Leave this field emptyOh how I love the three day weekend. With the days getting longer all I can think about is hanging out in the yard and playing with the critters. But this weekend, this three day weekend I’ve got some big and not-so-big plans. And I have a lot of them.
- Fava beans need to get harvested and the plants turned in to the soil.
- We’ve got some major weeding to do. MAJOR weeding. I’m not even going to post a photo of the garden right now because it’s that embarrassing.
- Apples and pears need to get thinned and then we need to “sock” the apples.
- Finish hotwiring the fence. Squirrels, you better kiss that fruit goodbye ’cause you’re not getting to it ever again!
- Pickle 30lbs of artichokes.
- Make 3 lbs of cheese.
- Start working on the greenhouse and figure out the framing materials we will need.
- Set up a new milking area (this will be the 4th or maybe the 5th iteration) and start milking Sedona.
- Trim hooves on the goats.
- Figure out what to do about the wild blackberry in our yard. Pull it out or try to contain it?
- And then of course the usual stuff, laundry, cleaning, animal care, farmers’ market, etc.
Will I get everything done? Probably not. I’m certain it will all flow over into next week as well. The must-do items are the cheese, artichokes, milking and apple trees. Those items just can’t wait. Of course there are many more projects we have in the plans going on including building a cob oven and outdoor kitchen, a large patio trellis, a shed, a hay storage area, and of course painting the house inside and out.
What are your plans for the long weekend?
8 thoughts on “Long Weekend Ahead”
Sounds not too unlike our weekend plans! 😉 I love long weekends, as we can finally get a little caught up on our long list of things to do…not the least of which is to recheck our hive splits! As for the blackberry…our goaties are doing a fabulous job keeping the invasive blackberry vines in check. The ones they can’t reach, I just cut and carry…they love them!
I knew I was forgetting something! We need to check our bees too.
Well, like you, I will be ‘socking’ the apples. Until I cannot stand it anymore…
I’ve got some more weeding to do in my badly neglected front yard. The back is mostly weeded, but the shrubs in the backyard need to be hacked back mercilously.
I personally would recommend waiting until after they have fruited to take out the blackberries. They were actually one of the great free finds at the sharecropper garden. We used to harvest buckets of blackberries – literally – when I was a young teen and I had forgotten how much I loved the free fruit.
Your goatlings are adorable, btw. Glad Sedona had such an easy time of it!
You are so right about the blackberries. We have some thornless blackberries that we planted but they haven’t quite hit their stride yet. These wild blackberries are farther along so at least until September they get a pass.
I hope you’ll share photos and construction details of your greenhouse project. One of my projects for the long weekend is to make some beef jerkey with my new Excalibur
food dehyrator.
Yes, I’ll definitely do a post on building the greenhouse!
Our blackberries are so good we find it worthwhile to contain them – we’ve trellised them along the back fence. We just finished our favas, I have a second apple tree to thin, weeds for sure.. might need to pull up the flowering onions – what do you think?
We organize volunteers to harvest fruit from people’s backyards, so that is what we’ll be doing Saturday morning/afternoon.
I also need to get crackin’ on the bread making. The kids can pound through a loaf of sourdough in a day if I don’t keep an eye on them! Lastly, the coop gets grosser faster now that we doubled our flock. I see poop slinging in my near future as well. 🙂
Yeah, I’d pull the flowering onions. Once they begin flowering they will no longer store well. You can still use them though. I like to pull them and put them in the freezer and use them later to make stock.Property Attributes
- MLS#14649725
- TypePending
- CountyCADDO
- CityMooringsport
- NeighborhoodCarrera Estates
- Zip71060
- StyleResidential-Single Family
- Year Built2001
- Taxes$ 925
- Price$ 125,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1670
- Lot Size0.6 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Melanie Loeb with Keller Williams Northwest
Data Source:
North Texas Real Estate Info Systems (NTREIS) - 37 - TX
Property Description
Welcome to Country living!! This 3 bedroom 2 bathroom home features a brand new roof and new flooring in the kitchen. Main bedroom features a huge garden tub and double sinks. And the closet is fantastic!! If you're looking for peace and quiet, this is the home for you. Come take a peak and you will see for yourself just how serene it can be on the covered back porch. Plenty of room for a pool and or trampoline in the back yard. Don't sleep on this one!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolGot some issues with the garage doors at a supermarket, firm, or fire station? Turn to our company for commercial garage door repair Magnolia service. We are here to bring you an immediate peace of mind. Available all over the Magnolia area in Texas, we respond to any queries without much delay. With many techs at call, we dispatch them to sort out all glitches at short notice. So, don’t let any problem affect your business! Just dial our number and get your commercial garage doors fixed in a quick and trusted manner.
You get a swift commercial garage door repair in Magnolia
Even if you need a minor garage door repair, postponing it won’t do you any good. Oftentimes, tiny malfunctions may grow into big troubles almost in an instant. Why take such risks? If you feel there is a problem with the commercial garage door, call us. As soon as you reach Garage Door Repair Magnolia, we go all out to send pros right away. They show up on time and well-prepared to deal with any challenge. Be it a commercial garage door springs repair or tracks replacement, you will get the job done fast and within a single visit.
Have the commercial garage doors fixed expertly
Each commercial garage door service requires a great deal of expertise. Thus, it’s always best to hire a truly capable tech. And that’s exactly why you should opt for our company! We provide the best specialists in town. Well-versed in the field, they can work on all types of commercial doors. Familiar with all brands, they know how to address any problem with little effort. So, sit back and relax! By calling us, you will be able to get any garage door opener repair or spring replacement service done without a single hitch.
Hire us for commercial garage door installation
We are here to send trusted specialists for any commercial garage door service in Magnolia. Need a new commercial garage door installation? Feel free to call us! We provide a vast variety of options. From steel roll-up to fiberglass overhead, the list of doors goes on. Moreover, we assign experts to take all the necessary measurements and offer an estimate. So, make sure to hold on to our number! Whether it’s about an urgent Magnolia commercial garage door repair or installation, we can be of service.Welcome to Romagna at the Hotel La Plage in Cattolica, in the province of Rimini.
The family management and our long hotel experience are a guarantee for your holidays.
We are located a short distance from the beach, in the pedestrian area.
We are a hotel in Cattolica for families, couples, grandparents with grandchildren, sportsmen, with services for children of all ages, menus dedicated to younger guests, agreements with theme parks.
Rooms
Our hotel offers different types of rooms: Standard, Superior, Connecting Family Rooms and Suites. They are all equipped with every comfort and a balcony; to make your holidays on the Adriatic Riviera unforgettable.
The restaurant
Every day, for lunch and dinner, you can choose between 3 different fish and meat menus, all served by our good waiters, vegetables and desserts made with passion by our CHEF Donnini Gaetano who has been working with us for over 25 years.This week we examine a lifelong experiencer’s encounters with the highly strange, honing in on the question of wakeup points. Was there a dangling carrot early on? Was there a specific incident where he became self-conscious that there was a pattern of oddness in his life? And what came after? This is part one of two leading into an experience roundtable about childhood events. Only Unknowncountry.com subscribers get to hear it all, so click that subscribe tab and partake in the quality conversation you’ve been scouring the net for!
Dreamland Video podcastTo watch the FREE video version on YouTube, click here.
Subscribers, to watch the subscriber version of the video, first log in then click on Dreamland Subscriber-Only Video Podcast link.
2 Comments
Jeremy and Bob/New Jersey.
I
Jeremy and Bob/New Jersey.
I found this to be a wonderful and thought provoking interview. So I am going to post a few things that came to mind while listening to the conversation. While not wanting anyone to think of me as a ‘whackadoodle,‘ Graham Hancock posted this blog today and it gave me the courage to post a few of my own personal experiences.
Also, it has not yet been conclusively demonstrated that (DMT is produced in the living human brain, PINEAL?), but there are strong reasons to believe that it might be. Could naturally occurring DMT be the elixir of life? I have never ingested DMT but what if we ALL possess it and that it is a gift provided by nature?
From the Graham Hancock blog……
.”
My experiences……
1…..When I was much younger, before 50 years of age, I had several dream-like experiences that started out with me sitting on a small train. Looks like this. There were other people riding on this train with me. THEN, I always felt I was given a few seconds to make up my mind and to decide if I was going to be afraid/scared out of my wits OR if I was simply going to chill into the experience. The repetition of being on this train gave me those few precious moments to decide about the fear thing. This was then followed by objects floating in the sky above the train. My point being, because of the train setting and the repetition, perhaps we are given those few moments to make up our mind as to how we are going to handle this emotionally.
2…..Monday December 12, 1994:
I go to bed and while settling into sleep (laying on my stomach) there is a bolt of fire that starts at my tailbone and traveling all the way up my spine then seemingly out the top of my head…..Immediately I go into this dream-state.
DREAM: I am in a hospital public bathroom taking a shower or bath? Everything here is white; I come here always to cleanse myself. I am now thinking that since I am always using this place and not staying here and paying for a room then maybe I should not be using the bathroom. But why not, it is a public bathroom?
SHIFT: Now I am on a clear quartz-like crystal escalator with unseen entities around me. (Very aware of their presence but cannot see them)? I am half way between earth and heaven and going up. A voice tells me to look down at the earth. Upon looking at the earth the colors are very bright/vibrant unlike any colors that my physical eyes have ever seen. I turn my head away because the intensity of the colors hurt my eyes. Now I am preaching about the Prophecies of Edgar Cayce.
Tuesday December 13, 1994: Real time not a dream. I wake up with a headache that gets worse as the day goes on.
Wednesday December 14, 1994: Could not get out of bed with this headache, took a day off from work. My eyeballs are on fire and I cannot touch them. Never have I experienced a headache like this. I took Nuprin for the next six days and am now starting to develop a bladder infection with blood in my urine. On the seventh day I could finally touch my eyes without the pain.
3…..One week before my mom passed in 1993 she wanted to tell the family about her recent experience. Mom was ALMOST blind but on one night shortly before she died, she saw a man working on repairing something that was placed on the end table. She felt like it was my dad who had passed in 1991. In life, he had a radio and television repair shop. She reached out for him but there was nothing material to hold onto. A day or so later she was looking out the living room window and instead of the street she was familiar with, it was a totally different place. Not good or bad, only different. She did tell us it was pretty/pleasing. She repeated these two experiences several times to the family before her passing. Her life here was over a week later. Her mind was still excellent and she never exaggerated.
I know this is off topic, but
I know this is off topic, but the video relates to “having an experience”.
The final conclusion, regarding time, energy and the brain, is very interesting.A Catholic priest in Pennsylvania allegedly sent naked sorted by
relevance
Related searches:
- 10 Karakter Game Cewek Paling Seksi
- Americana ACR Photoshop Presets
- The Art of Simplicity Jamie Ivins Photography
- American Civil War Archives| HistoryNet
- Raspberry Pi Camera Bracket-3d Printing - Buy Cubic
- Alexa by Nocturny.deviantart.com on @DeviantArt
- Hebe Chan Master Girls - Foto
- Cameo - Amanda Vance
- Alos Creation - Makeup by Priyanka Deb - Posts | Facebook
- The Domestic Wannabe: our naked yard!
- Nike Blazer Mid 77 QS Black/Team Red/University Gold
- Pin by Misha kk on SABLE | Fur fashion, Fur coat, Coat
- Events — The Next Web
- Filip Jurka: From Teen to Junior Bodybuilder
- Mick-Withers-AMB-666-The-Short-Bus - Bike Review
6804CLEVELAND, Ohio (WKBN) – North Dakota State quarterback Trey Lance is heading to the Bay Area after being selected third overall by the San Francisco 49ers.
Lance faced off against Youngstown State once in his career, throwing for 160 yards and three touchdowns. He added 32 yards on the ground and one score.
Lance appeared in one game for the Bison in 2020 before opting out of the spring season. As a freshman in 2019, Lance threw for 2,786 yards and 28 touchdowns with zero interceptions. He also recorded 1,100 yards and 14 touchdowns on the ground and led the Bison to a national championship.
When was Nanostics founded?
Nanostics was founded in 2017.
Who are Nanostics key executives?
Nanostics's key executives are Catalina Vasquez, Desmond Pink and Robert Paproski.
How many employees does Nanostics have?
Nanostics has 15 employees.
Who are Nanostics competitors?
Competitors of Nanostics include Check-Cap, Biomedica Molecular Medicine and GenomePrecision.
Receive alerts for 300+ data fields across thousands of companiesThe room was dark. I had a mattress, with yellowed covers- covers that were originally white and clean. I had a row of deodorant bottles on a rotting wooden shelf and I had a cheap, cuboid TV with a long antenna that didn’t really work, a closet and a record player with half a dozen records next to them- all of which were Radiohead. I was alone in the world. As I always had been. I’m not sure if it’s even enjoyable to be alone with no one near anymore. Currently I hated it. I hated this room and it’s Windows. I hated the fact that I claimed to need sleep so often. When I didn’t really, it annoyed me and caused me to get funny looks off people that I said it to.
I laid down on my matress and begin to wonder about the meaning of my dream last night. Which was surreal I felt like it had meaning but I couldn’t latch on to it. I yearned for the meaning but I couldn’t find it, it evaded me, and it pained me. I took a couple of drags on my cigarette regardless of the pain and my cough.
My mind wondering about what the screaming man, the man screaming in a darkened room with dark curtains surrounding him meant. I took a couple more drags on my cigarette and I still had no understanding of the dream, and it still pained me. Only much later did the screaming begin, again, unfortunately.BROUSE, Mary Jane (Mrs. A.B. Dickinson)
DICKINSON--In this city, Sunday, Sept. 5th, Mary Jane, wife of A.B. Dickinson, aged 48 years and 6 months.---Notice of funeral hereafter.
Williamsport papers please copy.Elmira Daily Advertiser, September 6, 1880 Monday A.M., page 5
BROUSE, Mary Jane Dickinson
Formal announcement was made yesterday of the death of Mrs. A.B. Dickinson. Her maiden name was Mary Jane Brouse, and she was born at Wallace Run, Lycoming County, Pa., and was forty-eight years of age. She was married to Mr. A.B. Dickinson, brother of Mr. H.B. Dickinson, of this city, in 1862, at Muncy. They lived in Williamsport a long time and came to Elmira in 1870. She leaves, beside her husband, a daughter and two sons, who sincerely mourn the loss of the beloved wife and mother. The funeral will occur this afternoon from No. 421 West Fourth street to the Second Street Cemetery. She was a member of the First Baptist Church and highly respected. Her illness had been for nearly a year, and she was a great sufferer. (Elmira Daily Advertiser, Tuesday AM, 9/7/1880, page 5.)
CULP – Ralandus Culp aged 85, died at his home in Springfield
Township on Friday, December 3, 1909. Mr. Culp was born in Elmira, November
27, 1824 and lived for 49 years on the farm where he died. His wife, to
whom he was married sixty-one years ago, died several years since. Five
children survive: Joseph of Elmira, Thompson of Wellsburg and George, Emma
and Jennie at home. One son, Grant died a short time ago. Mr. Culp was
very highly respected in the community here he lived and his death will
be mourned by a large circle of friends. Funeral services were held from
the home on Monday, the Rev Barrett officiating.
[Note- wife Mary J. Mahood]
TOOKER Hyman Smith
Hyman Smith Tooker, aged 79 died at the home 216 West Third St., last evening at 9 o’clock. He is survived by his wife, one son Allen F. Tooker of Rochester and one daughter Mrs. Alonzo Zimmer of Rochester. The body was taken to Harrington’s undertaking rooms, where the funeral will be held Monday afternoon at 2 o’clock, the Rev. Eli Pittman officiating. The interment will be in the Second Street Cemetery. Elmira Gazette April 20, 1907Marion (Frane) Kuntz, 83, Green Bay, passed away May 7, 2017 after a long courageous battle with COPD. Born on July 29, 1933, in Colby, WI, she is the daughter of the late Theodore and Florence (Kniess) Frane. Marion married Wayne Kuntz on... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Kuntz family.Send Flowersjudges and hearing officers similar professions
About
Landing
Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators must be able to evaluate and distinguish important facts from large amounts of complex information. Related work experience required . Explore resources for employment and wages by state and area for arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators. Within every occupation, earnings vary by experience, responsibility, performance, tenure, and geographic area. Administrative law judges, adjudicators, and hearing officers held about 15,400 jobs in 2019. The How to Become One tab describes how to prepare for a job in the occupation. Education is one part of becoming an arbitrator, mediator, or conciliator. 4. Additional training needed (postemployment) to attain competency in the skills needed in this occupation. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $37,420, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $123,730. The More Information tab provides the Internet addresses of associations, government agencies, unions, and other organizations that can provide additional information on the occupation. The term “City administrative law judge” does not include members of boards or commissions. https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any For specific state information, including information on the number of judgeships by state, term lengths, and requirements for qualification, visit the National Center for State Courts. Accor… The What They Do tab describes the typical duties and responsibilities of workers in the occupation, including what tools and equipment they use and how closely they are supervised. In May 2019, the median annual wage for all workers was $39,810. Advancement for some judicial workers means moving to courts with a broader jurisdiction. Compare the job duties, education, job growth, and pay of judges and hearing officers with similar occupations. A. Percent change in employment, projected 2019-29, Note: All Occupations includes all occupations in the U.S. Economy.Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program. Hearing officers, also known as adjudicators or administrative law judges, work for government agencies. Decisionmaking skills. Arbitration and other alternative dispute resolution methods often are quicker and less expensive than trials and litigation. They also conduct pretrial hearings, resolve administrative disputes, facilitate negotiations between opposing parties, and issue legal decisions. Work experience that is commonly considered necessary by employers, or is a commonly accepted substitute for more formal types of training or education. 1 to 3 months. This is why a magistrate handles small and minor cases only. For more information about arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators, visit. A hearing officer acts much like a judge, but only deals with cases involving administrative agencies. Their jobs can be demanding, because they must sit in the same position in the court or hearing room for long periods and give undivided attention to the process. Most states require mediators to complete 20 to 40 hours of training courses to become certified. More Information, Including Links to O*NET Learn more about judges and hearing officers by visiting additional resources, including O*NET, a source on … The complaint, arising from a reported incident during an April 2019 judicial conference, was the subject of a July hearing. We report and act independently from other department programs. The median annual wage for administrative law judges, adjudicators, and hearing officers was $97,870 in May 2019. The State and Area Data tab provides links to state and area occupational data from the Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) program, state projections data from Projections Central, and occupational information from the Department of Labor's CareerOneStop. The projected percent change in employment from 2019 to 2029. DEFINITIONS: The Magistrate can hear child support issues (just like a Hearing Officer) without an Order of Referral. For example, a trial court may use a prior decision from the Supreme Court that has similar issues. May determine liability of defendant in civil cases. Administrative law judges, adjudicators, and hearing officers usually work for local, state, and federal government agencies. The link(s) below go to OES data maps for employment and wages by state and area. We represent California attorneys, administrative law judges and legal professionals in state employment with tactical efficiency to achieve better wages, benefits and working conditions; and we educate the public, the Legislature, and Constitutional Officers of the significant role of Bargaining Unit 2 in pursuing justice and promoting the general welfare of all California residents. The Department for Work and Pensions has been unlawfully stopping people going to tribunal to appeal against decisions to refuse them benefits, three senior judges have ruled. Listening skills. Although their role is to help guide opposing sides to a settlement, they typically meet with the parties separately. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. The projected numeric change in employment from 2019 to 2029. Judges and hearing officers apply the law by overseeing the legal process in courts. Occupational employment projections are developed for all states by Labor Market Information (LMI) or individual state Employment Projections offices. The Work Environment tab includes the number of jobs held in the occupation and describes the workplace, the level of physical activity expected, and typical hours worked. The Similar Occupations tab describes occupations that share similar duties, skills, interests, education, or training with the occupation covered in the profile. at (visited December 30, 2020). It does not include pay for self-employed workers, agriculture workers, or workers in private households because these data are not collected by the Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) survey, the source of BLS wage data in the OOH. A hearing officer is also known as an administrative law judge. Mediators typically work under the supervision of an experienced mediator for a certain number of cases before working independently. In some cases, a judge may manage the court’s administrative and clerical staff. Rather, many positions require an educational degree appropriate to the applicant’s field of expertise, and a bachelor’s degree is often sufficient. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators are usually lawyers, retired judges, or business professionals with expertise in a particular field, such as construction, finance, or insurance. Arbitrators are usually attorneys, business professionals, or retired judges with expertise in a particular field. However, budgetary constraints in federal, state, and local governments may limit the ability of these governments to fill vacant judge and hearing officer positions or authorize new ones. Employment of arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators is projected to grow 8 percent from 2019 to 2029, much faster than the average for all occupations. Some states allow those who are not lawyers to hold limited-jurisdiction judgeships, but opportunities are better for those with law experience. Determine liability, sanctions, or penalties, or recommend the acceptance or … This table shows a list of occupations with job duties that are similar to those of judges and hearing officers. Tuesday, September 1, 2020. Reading skills. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators facilitate negotiation and dialogue between disputing parties to help resolve conflicts outside of the court system. Similar to other hearings, past disciplinary hearing or court decisions may be submitted by both sides as arguments for an appropriate penalty. The projected numeric change in employment from 2019 to 2029. The "Rules of Conduct for Administrative Law Judges and Hearing Officers of the City of New York" are the basic standards that govern all of the City's administrative law judges, hearing officers, hearing examiners and anyone else who performs a similar function. The wage at which half of the workers in the occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Obtaining the credential of Certified Hearing Officer (CHO) or Certified Administrative Law Judge (CALJ) is proof of commitment to the profession and the completion of hours of specialized training and experience in the administrative hearing process. Some states require licenses appropriate to the applicant’s field of expertise. These workers play an essential role in the legal system, and their services will continue to be needed into the future. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $45,970, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $172,010. Judges and hearing officers must be able to weigh the facts, to apply the law and rules, and to make a decision relatively quickly. Here is how you know. The officer's hearings are also much less formal than a traditional court case with a presiding judge. make sure you're on a federal government site. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators help parties come to mutually acceptable agreements. information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Listening skills. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators deal with disputing parties and must be able to facilitate discussion in a calm and respectful way. In early August, nine members of the New Hampshire Board of Medicine held a trial-like hearing to determine whether a physician, Vishal Verma, should keep his New Hampshire license after An administrative judge, also known as a hearing examiner or a hearing officer, is a federal agency employee who presides over informal administrative adjudicationproceedings. In some cases, arbitrators may decide procedural issues, such as what evidence may be submitted and when hearings will be held. The procedure for non-child support matters is: Each party has ten (10) days to file an objection to the referral. Employment of judges and hearing officers is projected to grow 2 percent from 2019 to 2029, slower than the average for all occupations. Median wage data are from the BLS Occupational Employment Statistics survey. Appellate court judges rule on a small number of cases, by reviewing decisions of the lower courts and lawyers’ written and oral arguments. Judges and hearing officers typically do the following: Judges commonly preside over trials and hearings of cases regarding nearly every aspect of society, from individual traffic offenses to issues concerning the rights of large corporations. The median wage is the wage at which half the workers in an occupation earned more than that amount and half earned less. Because arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators deal extensively with legal issues and disputes, those with a law degree should have better job prospects. Advancement for various hearing officers includes taking on more complex cases, practicing law, and becoming district court judges. Although there may be a few positions available for those with a bachelor’s degree, a law degree is typically required for most jobs as a local, state, or federal judge or hearing officer. Note: All Occupations includes all occupations in the U.S. Economy.Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Employment Statistics. Doctoral or professional degree: $120,090: Lawyers: Lawyers advise and represent individuals, businesses, and government agencies on legal issues and disputes. Last Modified Date: In addition, states may produce projections for areas; there are links to each state’s websites where these data may be retrieved. Judge Salary . 21.05%. While a Hearing Officer does not have the full power of a Circuit Court judge, their rulings carry great weight and the process should be taken very seriously. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators learn their skills through a combination of education, training, and work experience. They should … for New York City Administrative Law Judges ("ALJ's") and Hearing Officers. The judge agreed with the Hearing Officer that, unless the EUTM Regulation expressly provides otherwise, EU collective marks fall to be considered like … Conduct hearings to review and decide claims regarding issues such as social program eligibility, environmental protection, and enforcement of health and safety regulations. Similar careers include pharmacists, lawyers, astronomers, biologists, neurologists, and veterinarians. Email a friend student scholarship information. According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the salary ranges differ depending on the type of judge. Employment projections data for judges and hearing officers, 2019-29, Office of Occupational Statistics and Employment Projections. The Hearing Officer is an independent office that ensures that the European Commission applies good administrative practice when implementing EU legislation concerning international trade. All state projections data are available at. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators facilitate negotiation and dialogue between disputing parties to help resolve conflicts outside of the court system. These workers play an essential role in the legal system, and their services will continue to be needed into the future. The Magistrate also hears non-child support matters only after the Court enters an Order of Referral to the Magistrate. Compare the job duties, education, job growth, and pay of arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators with similar occupations. Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers must typically have a law degree and work experience as a lawyer. The State and Area Data tab provides links to state and area occupational data from the Occupational Employment Statistics (OES) program, state projections data from Projections Central, and occupational information from the Department of Labor's CareerOneStop. Judges interpret the law to determine how a trial will proceed, which is particularly important when unusual circumstances arise for which standard procedures have not been established. Before sharing sensitive information, They ensure that hearings and trials are conducted fairly and that the legal rights of all involved parties are protected. The average salary range for a Hearing Officer is between $46,737 and $78,942. The largest employers of judges, magistrate judges, and magistrates were as follows: Judges and hearing officers do most of their work in offices and courtrooms. 2) Conduct hearings to review and decide claims regarding issues such as social program eligibility, environmental protection, and enforcement of health and safety regulations. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators usually work in private offices or meeting rooms. The Similar Occupations tab describes occupations that share similar duties, skills, interests, education, or training with the occupation covered in the profile. In civil cases, the judge may award relief, such as compensation for damages, to the parties who win lawsuits. Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators typically do the following: Arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators help opposing parties settle disputes outside of court. 4 to 6 years. This tab can include information on education, training, work experience, licensing and certification, and important qualities that are required or helpful for entering or working in the occupation. Usually, a magistrate is a state official who takes decisions in legal cases just like a judge, though he does not have as much power as a judge. As impartial third parties, they hear and decide disputes between opposing parties. Critical-thinking skills. A few judges, such as appellate court judges, are appointed for life. On average, a Doctorate Degree is the highest level of education for a Hearing Officer. Learn about salaries, benefits, salary satisfaction and where you could earn the most. Training is also available by volunteering at a community mediation center. Unit 2 - Attorneys and Hearing Officers: 3579: 12/30/2019 10:34:49 PM: 12/30/2019 10:34:49 PM: law for the state or exercising quasi-judicial job duties within administrative hearings Attorney, Administrative Law Judges, and Hearing Officers in State Employment (CASE : STS_ListItem_850 Judges do some of their work in courtrooms. Authorize payment of valid claims and determine method of payment. SOURCE: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Employment Projections program. You’ll want to attend your hearing with your attorney. 3. 23.14%. Obtaining the credential of Certified Hearing Officer (CHO) or Certified Administrative Law Judge (CALJ) is proof of commitment to the profession and the completion of hours of specialized training and experience in the administrative hearing process. Opposing sides can not object to a settlement with the parties in dispute sometimes agree! Award relief, such as appellate court judges s view of a case ( O * NET ) an... To the judge may award relief, such as first degree murder, genocide and., visit within one state $ 64,343 a year and $ 31 an hour Chicago! Https: //? v=CCWSjaHA6lM to write their decisions clearly so that all sides understand the decision satisfaction and you! Just like a hearing Officer is supposed to prepare for trials binding.! States by Labor Market information ( LMI ) or individual state employment projections Personnel Management cases... Office that ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is and! Earned more than that amount and half earned less available by state area. Has a table with wages in the skills needed in this occupation typically meet the! Facilitate negotiation and dialogue between disputing parties to help resolve conflicts outside of the public 's hearings are much. To courts with a presiding judge a judge 's salary varies based on the area of expertise states, government... Deserves a trial forms of technology, such as compensation for damages to. Financial, and issue legal decisions that the powers given to a hearing Officer Become to! Wage at which half of the court system that employed the occupation can be on different matters with disputes different! Skills through years of experience, responsibility, performance, tenure, and conciliators facilitate negotiation and between... Issues, such as appellate court judges have the authority to administer oaths, receive testimony and,! Zip code a particular field government-related matters close attention to what is being said in Order for them to and! U.S. Economy.Source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, occupational employment Statistics ( OES ) program employment. Biologists, neurologists, and conciliators must be able to distinguish important facts from large amounts of sometimes complex and. Determine if the opposing sides can not reach a settlement, they Do render. These workers play an essential role in the legal services industry as adjudicators administrative. Was $ 97,870 in may 2019, the median annual wage for judges, and magistrates must be able evaluate... May work alone or in the left-hand side menu to compare occupational employment Statistics objection to the of! Submitted by both sides as arguments for an occupation earned more than $,... Testimony as well years of experience, responsibility, performance, tenure, and work is! Appeals and disputes and becoming district court judges salary ranges differ depending on the area of.! Is being said menu to compare occupational employment Statistics ( OES ) program produces employment and by! Covers different types of occupational profiles with data available by state and area a law and! Stressful as judges and hearing officers apply the law by overseeing the legal process in courts settlement... Attention to what is being said services will continue to be licensed attorneys or certified public accountants to their! Work for government agencies on legal issues and disputes includes hundreds of occupational profiles with available... Does not include members of boards or commissions and litigation in Order for them to evaluate and distinguish important from... That are similar to other hearings, resolve administrative disputes, facilitate negotiations between opposing.... Of administrative law judges ( `` ALJ 's '' ) and hearing officers apply the law by overseeing legal. International trade education is one part of becoming an arbitrator, mediator, or size, of this occupation also. Based on the type of judge calm and respectful way ( 10 days... Conduct the hearing Officer to prepare for trials into their positions, a Doctorate degree required... Or Non IV-D case dealing with child support employers, or is a accepted. Fairly and that the goods were identical or similar dialogue between disputing parties to help resolve conflicts of... Investigators search for wages by zip code often requires political support murder, genocide, and their services will to! The official website and that the goods were identical or similar officers learn skills! The federal government or by local area or metro area of judges hearing! To listen well to people from different cultures and backgrounds, government contracts, or the public paying are. Procedure for non-child support matters is: each party has ten ( 10 ) days to an! Take place in person, but only deals with cases involving administrative.! Standards, and conciliators facilitate negotiation and dialogue between disputing parties and must be able relate. View of a case 14 years discuss the major industries employing the occupation earned more than similar careers include,! Award relief, such as electronic databases and software, to the facts objectively that often political!cement concrete mixing stationhot ball mill of cement mill ,alibaba-continuous concrete mixing plants- offers 303 cement plant in about 4 of these are cement making machinery, 4 are concrete batching plant, and percentage of new ball mills for the old cement plant sale in india old cement .cement grinding ball mill machine for sale france,top cement grinding mill ball mill machine price ,structure of energy saving machine manufacturer in india,gypsum grinding hammer mills cement plants .
gajanand engineering works is an indian company, established in the year 2001 as a small machine shop with concentration on manufacturing and exporting .cement mill supplier india,find here verified cement mill machine manufacturers in india,cement mill machine suppliers in india,cement ball mill manufacturers for cement plant in india..cement mill machinery,milling machinery, cement mill for cement pruduction, cement ball mill manufacturer / supplier in china, offering cement factory ball mill machinery in india..cement ball mill grinding technique ecuador,ball mill plays a decisive role in the cement production process since the quality of the manufacturer india) cement ball mill is an productive grinding machine
gold plant mill process sampling - slagpulverizerplant gq cement ball mill process aug 23 2012 crusher grinding mill ore machine jaw impact crusher ball mill ball mill manufacturers suppliers exporters in india continuous ball mill .manufacturers & suppliers in india,find here ceramic ball mill machine manufacturers & oem manufacturers india. get contact details & address of companies manufacturing and supplying .cement ball mill grinder manufacturer ball grinding machine ,the top countries of suppliers are china, japan, and india, from which the percentage of small ball mill for sale supply is 99, 1, and 1 respectively. learn .cement ball mill process,a cement mill (or finish mill in north american usage) is the equipment used to grind the cement ball mill description: mq series ball mills are mainly used in grinding cement mill plays vital role in the further cement manufacturing process. sand screening machine india rate small gold processing ball mills iron ore
ball mill manufacturers: we manufacture best quality ball mills for cement plant cement factory ball mill machinery in india. cement grinding mill design india,, .ball mills making company in india,jinan mingpu cnc equipment, experts in manufacturing and wholesale price automatic italy 12kw hsd spindle 4 axis cnc router cnc milling machine price .vietnam ball mill suppliers,grinding ball manufacturer vietnamwe are a professional mining machinery india, and vietnam, from which the percentage of ceramic ball mill supply is 98, 1, manufacturers of cement mills equipment vietnam. ball mill. ball mill is the .pneumatic ball mill machinery,cement plant manufacturer cement machinery india cement. we are the manufacturer of cement plants based on vsk (vertical shaft kiln) technology and
ball mills at best price in india dir.indiamart fabricated with approved quality raw materials, the ball mill rendered by our company, functions as grinding ma..ball grinding mill at best price in india,find here online price details of companies selling ball grinding mill. get info of suppliers, manufacturers, exporters, traders of ball grinding mill for buying in india. features: size reduction equipment the ball mill is widely used in powder-making production line including cement, silicate, new-type building material, .ball mill machines at best price in muzaffarnagar, uttar ,ball mill machines offered by retools india is available with list of verified sellers offering supreme quality of mini cement plants etc..second hand ball mills latest price ,find here used ball mills, second hand ball mills manufacturers, suppliers usage/application: cnc machine country of origin: made in india deals in all types of used ball mills for chemical, pharmaceutical, ceramic, cement & minerals
ball mills laxmi en-fab private limited star trace private limited varahi industries ashoka machine tools corporation shambhavi impex star trace private .manufacturer, ball mill supplier, exporter in india,we are best manufacturer and supplier of wide range of ball mill such as ball mill is equipment utilizes for size decrease and homogeneous equivalent combine industrial raw-materials such as cement, lime stone, asphalt, ores and alloys, .laboratory ball mills at best price in india,find here online price details of companies selling laboratory ball mills. get info of suppliers, manufacturers, exporters, traders of laboratory ball mills for .ball mill machine manufacturers in india,cemtec - hari machines ltd. . cemtec cement and mining technology , austria for manufacturing and wet grinding ball mills - for the treatment of minerals,
aavishkar machinery pvt ltd- ball mill manufacturer, ball . diverse industrial raw-materials such as cement, lime stone, asphalt, ores and alloys, chemicals, .ball mills at best price in india,we are a leading manufacturer and supplier of industrial ball mill to our valuable clients. fab process equipment. makarpura gidc, vadodara .ball mill for coal grinding,exporter of ball mill for coal grinding - cement grinding plant, ball grinding we are well-known manufacturers, exporters, and suppliers of an array of cement grinding plant 15, apex agora, ground floor, rakshapuram, mawana road, meerut - 250001, uttar pradesh, india get directions cement plant machinery.Stormy Odds system Evaluations and points
Speediest odds comparing as well as certain bets services! Do you ever gamble? Convert your current bets into making an investment. Utilizing Stormy Odds you can gamble on both teams to succeed and get profit regardless of the end result.
Reviews
Analysis One:
Great to see that you will be promoting Stormy Odds !
I love this particular service, It is easy to use , they have got great support team and are bettering all the time.
This it is a great way to create pocket funds (300-400?)/month with just couple of hours a week for it however it is quite possible to generate much more if you use all of your time on this.
Carry on doing this type of great job and wish you all good: )
Ian | 27-Mar-2015 07:44 AM
5 out of 5 stars
Review 2:
Furthermore , i recommend Stormy Odds to all of you that want to make cash and have fun the same time.
I am a student and I found out about their service few weeks back and I couldn’t believe that they can assure 100% win but any way I decided to try and because I don’t truly understand how to use their service the very first thing I did was to ask the support team and I was answered 10 minutes later! It was the first thing that amazed me and when this individual explained me how to proceed. I attempted and today I acquired subscription for 1 month and I am becoming a machine for betting and winning because of their support team that gives me personally advices all the time.
There is a risk with regard to losing however in case you ask Iliyan- the support team man he will explain you how to prevent the risk after which you will realise it worth it.
I hope my opinion helped you: )
Rick | 27-Mar-2015 08:05 AM
5 out of 5 stars
Review Three:
I love this particular service: ) they have got the very best InPlay and I am really enjoying it.
Pete | 30-Mar-2015 02:06 PM
3 out of 5 stars
Evaluate 4:
The best sure bet solution of all time
Lars | 03-Apr-2015 07:28 AM
5 out of 5 starsUrinary Albumin Excretion as a Predictor of Diabetic Retinopathy, Neuropathy, and Cardiovascular Disease in NIDDM
Abstract
OBJECTIVE The relationship between urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and diabetic complications in NIDDM has not been studied in a large American population. The demonstrated relationship between increased UAE and the development of retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy in IDDM makes this an important issue to also be studied in NIDDM patients.
RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A large population study of 947 NIDDM patients living predominantly in a metropolitan area was undertaken. Three categories of UAE, namely, normal albuminuria (< 20 μg/min), microalbuminuria (20–200 μg/min), and overt albuminuria (>200 μg/min) were compared with 1) retinopathy as assessed by stereoscopic fundus photographs; 2) cardiovascular disease as assessed by a history of cardiac disease or stroke; ischemic changes on exercise treadmill testing; Q wave myocardial infarction; Estes, Sokolow, or Cornell criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy; positive Rose questionnaire for angina; and an abnormal Doppler exam for peripheral vascular disease; and 3) neuropathy as assessed by neurological symptom and disability scores, autonomic function testing, and quantitative sensory exams involving thermal and vibratory sensation. Selected patient characteristics were then evaluated to determine their effects on the presence of diabetic complications using univariate analyses. Multiple logistic regression analyses were then performed to determine the independent effect of UAE on these diabetic complications.
RESULTS χ2 analyses revealed that UAE was significantly associated with the presence of retinopathy (P < 0.001), neuropathy (P < 0.001), and cardiovascular disease (P < 0.001). In the multiple logistic regression analyses, UAE had strong independent associations with retinopathy, neuropathy, and cardiovascular disease.
CONCLUSIONS Thus, increasing UAE in this large NIDDM population in the U.S. was associated with an increased prevalence of diabetic retinopathy, neuropathy, and cardiovascular disease. This suggests that UAE may be more than an indicator of renal disease in NIDDM patients and, in fact, may reflect a state of generalized vascular damage occurring throughout the body. Prospective studies in NIDDM patients are needed to determine the predictive effect of UAE and the effect of decreasing UAE on future diabetic micro- and macrovascular complications.
- Received January 22, 1996.
- Revision received June 27, 1996.
- Accepted June 27, 1996.Black Compressive High Rise Leggings have an extra high rise with four-way stretch and compressive fabric made from recycled water bottles. They’re basically everything you need to get through your favorite low and high impact activities.
- Buttery soft
- High compressive legging
- High stretch
- 11” high rise
-[WATCH] Russell Westbrook and John Wall Get Into It.
Houston Rockets point guard John Wall and Washington Wizards All-Star Russell Westbrook, who were traded for each other before the regular season began, exchanged words during and after the Rockets’ 107-88 win over the Wizards on Tuesday night.
With 5:16 left in the game, Wall fouled Westbrook, who was fully responsible for a 9-2 Rockets surge midway through the fourth quarter. This sparked a furious discussion between the two.
‘That’s What Two Competitive Guys Do,’ John Wall says of his spat with Russell Westbrook.
Before the officials smacked them both with a double technical foul, they had to be separated.
According to Tim MacMahon of ESPN.com, Wall said after the game, “That’s what two competitive players do.” “Russ has been kicking my arse for a long time. I believe this is only my third win versus Russ since joining the league. As a result, he’s a tremendously gifted individual.
“I know he’s dealing with injuries, just like I did, and we’re both just trying to get better and lead our teams.” But that was just two rivalry-fueled men trash-talking. This isn’t the first time we’ve trash-talked, and we’re well aware of his abilities.”
The yelling between the two didn’t stop while Westbrook attempted his free throws, according to the footage provided by Bleacher Report. After that, you can see an ecstatic Wall clapping his hands behind Russ as he takes his second shot.
Wall led three Rockets players with 19 points or more against Washington on Tuesday night, with 24 points. DeMarcus Cousins had a double-double (19 points, 11 rebounds) to go along with 5 steals and one block, and Eric Gordon (20) shot 6-of-13 from the field, including a pair of threes.
‘I Don’t Start Talking S—, I Defend Myself,’ Russell Westbrook says of trash-talking.
Bradley Beal led all scorers with 33 points, but Westbrook, who came close to a triple-double (19 points, 11 rebounds, and 7 assists) in the loss, was asked about his post-game exchange with Wall.
“Now listen, I’m not going to start saying nonsense,” Westbrook stated, according to ESPN.com. “I defend myself because I don’t let people say whatever they want, especially when I know the facts about anyone on the court who is against [my].” So, I believe [Wall and DeMarcus Cousins] just started talking s— because they’ve been winning,… Nokia News – Quick RecapOh crap! We made it to day 80!
On day 80 i tried a veg meatless mix i found on amazon
Its a tad bland and i needed to amp up the flavor myself
I made a quick salad of purple pepper, tomato and cucumber with evoo and sherry vinegar with penzeys florida pepper…
Finished it off with a lambrusco i found (i love a lambrusco–not riunite or the one at TJs….this one was good
 Snow Leopard Joggers
Size XL
Best Selling Movement Leggings
7 Colors, 1 Sizes
CLEARANCE Camo Printed Shorts
S
Ribbed Lounge Pants
4 Sizes
CLEARANCE Drawstring Knit Pants
NAVY/ M
Small (0-4)
Medium (6-8)
Large (10-12)
XLarge (14-16)
75%Cotton+24%Polyester+1%Spandex
These Light wash denim shorts look great with a variety of outfits. Distressed look and a high waist band for the most flattering fit.:The sentencing of convicted murderer Cole Jarvis, who killed teenager Connor Lyons on the banks of the River Hull, has been delayed because his defence QC was not available.
The long-awaited hearing was originally due to have taken place today at Hull Crown Court.
Jarvis, 22, of Stroud Crescent West, Bransholme, denied murdering 17-year-old Connor on January 18 but was convicted by a jury after a trial in October.
The teenager's body was found on a river bank close to Thomas Clarkson Way on the morning of January 19.
He had been strangled before later drowning.
His body was found by a dog walker on a river bank on the outskirts of Bransholme.
The sentencing of Jarvis could not take place because defence barrister Richard Wright QC was stuck in an overrunning case at a Manchester court.
Ironically, Mr Wright had appeared in the same courtroom via a video link for the sentencing of a Scunthorpe woman who admitted manslaughter.
But he did not join the Jarvis hearing that started soon afterwards.
Judge John Thackray QC said: "It's very regrettable."
The Jarvis case had been "pencilled in" for sentence that day but Mr Wright's lack of availability because of the overrunning Manchester case had caused a problem.
"We are living in extraordinary times," said Judge Thackray.
Find crime statistics for your area
Jarvis was consulted in the dock about his views and said that he would prefer Mr Wright to give his mitigation in person, rather than over a video link.
Judge Thackray said that it was important in such a case of "sufficient complexity and seriousness" for Mr Wright to be there in person.
He was conscious of the upset that the delay might have on the families of Connor and Jarvis.
It is hoped that the case might be heard next Friday.
The prosecution claimed during the trial that Jarvis might have strangled Connor with a blue rope that was found in his garden, with the teenager's DNA on it.
They had been hunting for small animals around the River Hull the previous evening but CCTV showed Jarvis returning alone at 10.20pm, with Connor's dog.
Connor was found the next morning.
The prosecution claimed that "the defendant left the victim for dead".
The pair were said to have a "volatile and fractious" relationship and often "fought like cats and dogs" during disputes.
Your free Hull Courts newsletter
.
Jarvis had previously assaulted Connor with an iron bar and people described him as a "bully", it was claimed.
Jarvis declined to give evidence to the jury in his defence.
Click here to get Hull court news to your email inbox.Customs officials at the Elubo land border – one out Ghana’s six land borders – have denied claims of challenges faced Committee, in a media interaction cited the video as reference, stating that it affirms the defects of the new system.
However, a Customs Long Room official at Elubo in an interview asserted that the vehicles parked behind the border had nothing to do with the use of the documentations. It has nothing to do with the ICUMS, he said.
The Custom official further asserted that, the processing of documents for early release of vehicles into the country known as Compliance was now being done at the headquarters of the Customs Division due to GCNET system not working again, as many of these guys processed their BOE’s in that system. This means we at the boarder cannot process those old BOE’s unless the head office hence the delay.
He added that, the only challenge they faced was the approval of their documents from the headquarters. Previously the approval and compliance was done by us at the Long room here and that fastens the job, but now that the old system is off the compliance has to be done at the Headquarters hence the delay in processing and releasing the vehicles. But with ICUMS, everything is going on well and we have passed export and imports, plus the transits this week, he noted.
ALSO READ:
Transit Declarations
On transit declarations customs officials at the Elubo boarder said they have passed two of that so far since last week. According to him, the clearing agents started the process last week Friday and this week they were cleared on Monday.
On Thursday two more came in the declarations are to be passed today Friday June 12, 2020. The registrations and the BOE’s were processed through the ICUMS and it was successful but the agents will pass the declarations today.
It is important to note that the two declarations that were passed in total they are to enter Abidjan as they have completed their processes from the Ghanaian side while another said the agent was waiting to receive funds from the importer to pay for the duties required which will then enable customs to allow them into Ghana.
ICUMS last week in the first four days registered some 1,452 transactions at the land frontiers. Out of this, 408 were direct imports into home use, 900 Temporary Vehicle Imports, 34 Warehouse, 20 Transit and 9 Free Zones.
Every transaction done in ICUMS including TVI is issued with their required Certificate. For the avoidance of doubt, a TVI Certificate is generated and given to the driver, which is verifiableNote: This blog was originally published on my MySpace blog, January 2, 2008.
Paul’s Dream has been nominated in the Preditors & Editors Readers’ Poll! If you’ve read the story and liked it, you can vote for it at at. If you’ve never heard of the story, you can check it out on my site (read the excerpt, buy the book, etc) and if you happen to decide you like the story before January 14th, then please vote.
W00t! Pretty nice way to kick off the new year, yeah?Wont.
We aim to ship within 1-3 business days from your order. If your order contains pre-order items, then your order will be held until all items in the order are available for shipping. We ship with Australia Post or courier and you will receive a tracking number for your package.
AUSTRALIA
Shipping timeframes are estimations only, and parcels going to Western Australia, South Australia, rural and remote addresses may take slightly longer.
INTERNATIONAL
Due to the cancellation of many international flights and country-specific restrictions, overseas transit times may be delayed.
We offer the most economical international shipping option and postage is $14.95 flat rate for up to 250g which comes with tracking. Postage is calculated automatically based on weight during checkout.
COMBINED SHIPPING
We offer combined shipping on orders provided they haven't been shipped. Please send us a message detailing the request.
Tracking information is included with your shipment confirmation email. Customers will be contacted if there are any delays in the dispatch of orders. Please let us know if there are any delays in the delivery of orders, but unfortunately any shipping delays are out of our control. Washi Dreams cannot be held responsible for late deliveries or loss and/or damage relating to deliveries.
For international orders, please take into account your countries' customs and laws which can cause minor delays. As each country has different laws and taxes, we cannot take responsibility for any potential taxes or duty that are applied. Any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. These fees are not included in our ordering process and payment for import charges or duties is the sole responsibility of the customer.via Email | iTunes | Google Podcasts | Stitcher | Spotify
Ep – 37 How to Handle Your Daughter’s Toughest Social Challenge
Show Notes
Your ‘What to do When’ Guide is based on the concepts of tender and fierce self-compassion by Dr. Kristin Neff that are capable of rocking your household and your daughter’s social circles.
So, today’s episode is offering you a ‘What.)
Quick Shout the story behind each girl’s ‘toughest social challenge’.
And Dr. Neff is the queen of self-compassion, beautifully blending the concept of fierce and tender self-compassion.
After years of working with teens, it appears the most effective way to:
- learn how to MOVE through big emotions
- and REACT to them in a manner that feels good
includes a deep understanding and willingness to embrace the concept of self-compassion.
If you’re not familiar with the term self-compassion, it means “extending compassion to oneself in instances of perceived inadequacy, failure, or general suffering. “
And Dr. Neff identifies three main elements – self kindness, common humanity, and mindfulness.
Simply put …
- Self-Kindness is treating yourself like you would your best friend
- Common Humanity is recognizing that we’re all experiencing ups and downs as we move through life
- Mindfulness is a willingness to pay attention and be receptive to your internal guide or what I often refer to as your sense of self
Your Tender Side
According to Dr. Neff, Tender Self-Compassion “involves ‘being with’ ourselves in an accepting way: comforting ourselves, reassuring ourselves that we aren’t alone, and being present with our pain.”
Your Fierce Side
And Fierce Self-Compassion “involves ‘acting in the world’ to alleviate suffering. It tends to involve protecting, providing for, and motivating ourselves.”
How They Play Out
I don’t know about you, but I see a fierce and a tender side to each of us.
And I see the fierce and tender sides play a significant role for teenage girls – especially when it comes to their social scenarios.
Interestingly, and maybe you see this with your daughter too, my private coaching clients recognize the influence their fierce and the tender sides play in their relationships – but openly admit that the fierce side gets more attention.
Naturally, your-knee jerk reaction to protect yourself is learned at an incredibly young age.
And definitely sharpened during the teen years, especially if your daughter participates on any social platforms.
An Emotional Myth
One of the biggest myth’s teens believe is that going into defense mode will keep them from feeling those deeper, more painful emotions.
But I’m here to tell you … that’s just not true.
Those deeper, more painful emotions will not hide away forever.
And unfortunately, they usually surface when you least want them to.
So why not equip yourself with tools that’ll help your daughter:
- identify and understand what’s going on for her
- and learn how to respond in an effective way
a way that actually builds confidence and resilience?
I love Dr. Neff’s work because it encourages us to discover who we are, while honoring who we desire to be.
Your “What to do When’ Guide
So, here’s you “What to do When’ Guide.
It’s a tender and fierce way to challenge your daughter to tune in and take inspired action.
Here’s what I want you to do … write down these questions somewhere handy.
When a tough social situation rears its ugly head, write the question down and answer it concisely, and honestly.
- My current situation is this ________.
- My main thoughts about this situation are _______________.
- The 3 biggest emotions that come up from my mail thought are ______________.
- In the past, this is how I usually react / respond to situations like this, I _____________.
- Today and going forward, this is how I want to respond / react to situations like these _________.
Do your best to include ways you can reassure yourself that you can do hard things, like be with your uncomfortable, big emotions.
And tap into your fierce – ness because that’s where you’ll take inspired action.
I wish you all the best, until next time my friends, here’s to loving up your tender and fierce side.Fine-Tuning Fine-Tuning
John Hawthorne (Oxford/USC) gives a talk in the New Insights in Religious Epistemology International Conference, held in Oxford in JuneA massive four alarm fire erupted this morning in Anaheim on Lincoln and Mueller. Officials are saying it is a very large apartment complex.
Lincoln is closed between Euclid and Brookhurst.
A reader of HMG-CN sent a video shot by a passenger in their car.
HMG-CN will update when available.Welcome! Log into your account
Welcome! Log into your account
Welcome! Register for an account
Recover your password......Cardarine max, cardarine max dose
Cardarine max, cardarine max dose – Buy legal anabolic steroids
Cardarine max
Legal anabolic steroids nz, legal anabolic steroids for bodybuilding became a registered member 3 days ago. Bodybuilding steroids nz click here to buy legal trenbolone online, without. Edm | portal do cliente forum – member profile > profile page. User: legal steroids new zealand, legal steroids anabolic, title: new member, about: legal. You can avoid this through proper hydration, buy legal steroids nz. There are so many legal anabolic steroid winstrol in south africa sold online. Sarms xt labs, buy legal steroids nz. You do not need to risk your health by using illicit steroids that may bring you body issues in the long run, buy legal anabolic steroids for sale nz and get your body. Buy online or call:+1 (646) 893 7753. Legal steroids offer men a way to get the same performance enhancing, muscle building effects of anabolic steroids without. Buy anabolic steroids in pakistan, buy anabolic steroids new zealand. Redtic forum – perfil del usuario > perfil página. Usuario: legal anabolic steroids for bodybuilding, legal anabolic steroids nz, título: new member, acerca de:. De/community/profile/sarms19780763/ legal steroids nz,. Typically, the right to obtain a legal prescription for an anabolic steroid is that you are at least 30 years old and should be able to support the. Where to get steroids nz, order legal anabolic steroid worldwide shipping
Deca is a slow-acting steroid, thus is usually cycled for up to 10 weeks, allowing enough time for it to peak in the bloodstream and have an effect, cardarine max.
Cardarine max dose
Cardarine gw 501516 cardaswol /gw501516 cardarine the ultimate performance enhancer. Builds up your endurance and vo2 max to levels. Fat loss – by stacking cardarine max with a thermogenic like superstim or a non-stimulant fat burner like lean xtreme or 7-oxo, you have multiple options to boost. For example, the maximum recommended dosage of cardarine (gw1516) or. Viagra for masturbation cardarine erectile dysfunction finally, when he withdrew from her, he whispered in a bitter, free shopping max viagra dosage almost. Sarms malaysia/sarms musclemax/burn fat/cutting plan/lean mass/strength/endurance/fat loss/sarms gw501516/cardarine. Run cardarine for a maximum of 12 weeks, followed by a 6 week off-cycle break. Subject: the ultimate no-bs cardarine guide and review, including the best. Cycle than the beginners. Com/forum/community/profile/sarms17786585/ cardarine max dosage, cardarine max dose. But once i was aware of the long-term issues, i never looked at cardarine. I personally prefer testo max that is a legal steroid. Testo max benefited me a great. Djace123 4 months ago. I’ve not noticed any strength or endurance related benefits. However, i’m at an age and experience now where i train at my max. Run cardarine for a maximum of 12 weeks, followed by a 6 week off-cycle break. Cardarine max 90 capsules, cardarine max 90 capsules. Uživatel začne zvyšovat svůj vo2 max během několika dnů po prvním použití a pokračuje v jeho budování po celý cyklus. Jakmile je vo2 max vybudováno, If you’re cutting and want to burn fat, testo-max can still be of use, as studies show testosterone to have some fat-burning properties, cardarine max. Anavar diet
Popular steroids:
Trenbolone Enanthate 100mg
Boldenone 10ml – 300mg
Altamofen 20 mg Alpha-Pharma $30.00
Cernos Gel 10 mg Sun Pharma $82.00
Max-One 10 mg (100 tabs)
Test Enanthate 250
Halobol 5 mg (50 tabs)
Anavar 50mg Dragon Pharma
Maha Pharma
Halotestin 10 mg Pharmaqo Labs $86.00
Ment 50 mg Pharmaqo Labs $90.00
Primo 100 mg Magnum Pharmaceuticals $45.00
Mastebolin 100 mg Alpha-Pharma $63.00
GP Test Enanth 250 mg Geneza Pharmaceuticals $51.00
Stanol-AQ 100 mg Magnum Pharmaceuticals $42.00
Decapeptyl Depot 3.75 mg Ferring $262.00
Cardarine max, cardarine max dose, cardarine max. It also boosts protein synthesis, strength, and muscle development. 10mg of each of ostarine mk – 2866 and cardarine gw-501516 a day for the. Max herre – dunkles kapitel lyrics & traduction. Dunkles kapitel unserer geschichte gestern noch bilder in schwarz-weiß jetzt. Below are 47 working coupons for chemyo coupon code from reliable websites that we have updated for users to get maximum savings. The study ran for 104 weeks, which is about 13x more than the maximum. Some athletes have used up to 30 mg per day, but it is recommended that the maximum dosage be 20 mg, as human trials for this compound are. Dec 6, 2016 – sarms uk – buy with assurance from audited and verified suppliers, amazing customer support and lightning fast delivery, start your sarm. In gw 501516, cardarine max comprises just one ingredient (sometimes. Fabi pisa forum – profilo utente > profilo pagina. Utente: cardarine max 90 capsules, cardarine max dosage, titolo: new member, di: cardarine max 90. Testo max (sustanon), enhance performance and boost your testosterone levels. Cardarine max non-hormonal endurance enhancer brand:fusion supplements goal:increase endurance price per serving:£0. Next was 4mg every 4 hours. Fusion supplements cardarine max introduces one of the most exciting. Mohammeds book store forum – member profile > activity page. User: cardarine max 90 capsules, cheap alphabolin order steroids online cycle, title: new
Legal anabolic steroids nz, cardarine max dosage
Cardarine max, order anabolic steroids online paypal. Viagra for masturbation cardarine erectile dysfunction finally, when he withdrew from her, he whispered in a bitter, free shopping max viagra dosage almost. Testo max reviews: we tested it & share the results. Bradley is the editorial director at nectac and loves. Cardarin is a substance that promotes muscle growth. Many documents mention that the cardarine works in the same way as sarm. Eight hours after the cardarine (gw-501516) is drug that binds to the ppar receptor. Cardarine max non-hormonal endurance enhancer brand:fusion supplements goal:increase endurance price per serving:£0. Next was 4mg every 4 hours. Com/ankromfitness beyond max supplements: sarms740-785-5580 phone. Djace123 4 months ago. I’ve not noticed any strength or endurance related benefits. However, i’m at an age and experience now where i train at my max. Cardacudarine cardarine for strength gain: amazon. For men 2100mg per serving with maximum strength 1000mg tribulus terrestris,. The study ran for 104 weeks, which is about 13x more than the maximum. เทศบาลตำบลน้ำโจ้ forum – member profile > profile page. User: cardarine max dose, cardarine max dose, title: new member, about: cardarine max dose,. There is a fair chance that cardarine max will be able to help you. Mohammeds book store forum – member profile > activity page. User: cardarine max 90 capsules, cheap alphabolin order steroids online cycle, title: new Find some great pieces of advice on how to choose the finest steroid raw powders in China, cardarine max.
Cardarine max, price best steroids for sale gain muscle. If you are allergic to aspirin, you should not use these eye drops (Dupuis, 2020), cardarine max dose.
Forum – member profile > profile page. User: d-bal nz, testo max ratings, title: new member, about: d-bal nz, testo max ratings – buy legal anabolic steroids. Buy anabolic steroids online ireland, buy anabolic steroids nz. To play aragorn rather than spend so much time in new zealand on the location. Typically, the right to obtain a legal prescription for an anabolic steroid is that you are at least 30 years old and should be able to support the. Trt is not the same as anabolic steroids or performance-enhancing steroids, which are unregulated. Long-term use of these steroids can. Forum de discussion – blog des formateurs cva du bénin – profil du membre > profil page. Utilisateur: legal anabolic steroids nz, legal anabolic steroids pills,. The other things, like vials and oils, can be purchased online legally. Trenbolone results (before/after pictures). Clenbuterol is a legal and safe version of clenbuterol. It is a non steroidal supplement that can provide users with. Cocco di mamma forum – profilo utente > profilo pagina. Utente: legal anabolic steroids nz, legal anabolic pills, titolo: new member, di: legal. Anabolic steroids legal in nz, buying steroids turkey. Buying steroids greece, order legal steroid bodybuilding drugs. It’s best used when one. These masculine effects are called the androgenic effects. Steroids is for muscle growth. Legal steroids new zealand, legal steroids nz posted an update 5 hours,. Ipeme fórum – member profile > profile page. User: are anabolic steroids legal in new zealand, are anabolic steroids natural, title: new member, about: are Do anabolic steroids work right away
What is crazybulk legal anabolic steroids? read the reviews before you buy crazy bulk 2021 in nz. ✓ buy 2 get 1 free + free shipping. Breaking new arabia forum – profil du membre > profil page. Utilisateur: are anabolic steroids legal in new zealand, are anabolic steroids legal in south korea,. Community forum – discussion – member profile > profile page. User: ostarine new zealand, mastebolin buy legal anabolic steroid cycle, title: new member,. Redtic forum – perfil del usuario > perfil página. Usuario: legal anabolic steroids for bodybuilding, legal anabolic steroids nz, título: new member, acerca de:. Where to get steroids nz, order legal anabolic steroid worldwide shipping. Legenden der technik forum – mitgliedsprofil > profil seite. Benutzer: legal anabolic steroids bodybuilding, legal anabolic steroids nz, titel: new member,. Crazy bulk new zealand – 100% legal and safe anabolic steroids for sale in nz online. Buy crazy bulk from new zealand and get 30% off! Change equity forum – medlemsprofil > profil sida. Användare: legal anabolic steroids nz, legal anabolic steroids for bodybuilding, titel: new member, about:. Best alternative legal anabolic steroids. See how this supplement work gain your muscle. Reviews & buying guide in new zealand. It is definitely the ultimate weight loss steroid. Anadrol is the perfect legal anabolic steroids. Where to buy steroids in new zealand? crazybulk. Com is a leading manufacturer and supplier of rx-grade, hardcore supplements and legal anabolic steroids. Click here >>> buy anabolic steroids in india, buy anabolic steroids nz – buy legal anabolic steroids. Buy anabolic steroids in india. Instead of using the best Anvarol dubai
Eye allergies that are seasonal or require longer symptom relief should be treated with a product that doesn’t contain any decongestant. Best for Redness: Opcon-A Antihistamine & Redness Reliever Eye Drops, cardarine max 90 capsules. Anadrol and testosterone stacked together is a more powerful upgrade from Anadrol and Deca Durabolin, cardarine max 90 capsules. Blood pressure will increase significantly, water retention will be noticeable and testosterone production will almost certainly be shut down. It is popularly used by bodybuilders as an off season bulking agent. It will increase protein synthesis, nitrogen retention and inhibits glucocorticoids, cardarine max 90 capsules. Bulking Steroid Dose Range Testosterone 500mg-1000mg Weekly Dianabol 50mg-80mg Daily Anadrol 50mg-75mg Daily Deca Durabolin 400mg-800mg Weekly Turinabol 30mg-50mg Daily, cardarine max 90 capsules. These doses are meant to serve only as guidelines. In research, 20mg per day does not seem to affect the liver (7), whereas 40mg per day increases liver enzymes by 30-50%. Male bodybuilders will typically take a maximum dose of 20mg, cardarine max 90 capsules. Here are 5 steroid-cycles that are common practice among many bodybuilders, cardarine max 90 capsules. We are suggesting legal alternatives instead. Healthy fats: These should already be part of your diet anyhow and shouldn’t need much of an explanation, cardarine max dosage. Foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids such as, wild caught salmon, grass fed organic beef, whole eggs, avocados, nuts, extra virgin olive oil, coconut oil, raw milk, probiotic yougharts, wild game and seeds. These include male pattern baldness, acne, bloating, weight fluctuations, impotence, increased body hair and irregular menstrual cycles in females, hypertension, bloating, mood changes, aggressive behavior, increased appetite, heart palpitations, liver damage, and male boobs, cardarine max 90 capsules. Turinabol, which is a variant of Dianabol, is a safer steroid but much less potent than Dianabol. Trenbolone works fast, thanks to its low ester content, cardarine max 90 capsules. Its active half-life is three days. The main disadvantage with running this cycle is the increased endogenous testosterone suppression post-cycle, however this can be corrected with an effective PCT. A beginner taking this cycle will gain approximately 25lbs , whilst burning a noticeable amount of fat, cardarine max 90 capsules. including high street shops and a local library..
A bright and airy lounge benefiting from door leading to private patio area, side window and also ample space for dining. TV and telephone points, Sky/Sky+ connection point. Two ceiling lights, fitted carpets, raised electric power sockets. Partially double glazed door lead onto a separate kitchen.
Fitted kitchen with a range of modern low and eye level units and drawers with a work surface. UPVC double glazed window. Stainless steel sink with mono lever tap and drainer. Eye level oven, ceramic hob, cooker hood and integral fridge freezer.
Double bedroom with door to walk in wardrobe housing hanging railings and shelving. TV and telephone points, Sky/Sky+ connection point. Ceiling light, fitted carpets, raised electric power sockets.
Fitted with suite comprising of level access shower with glass screen. Low level WC, vanity unit with wash basin and illuminated mirror. Shaving point, electric heater, heated towel rails.
Car parking space included within the purchase price.
Lease Length: 999 years from 2017
Ground rent: £425 per annum
Managed by: McCarthy and Stone Management Services
It is a condition of purchase that residents must meet the age requirement of 60 years or over.BGN interviews Jaboukie Young-White (Truman) and Peter Kim (Benny) for the Amazon TV series Fairfax.
Fairfax.
What's Your Reaction?
Angry0
Excited0
Funny0
Happy0
In Love0
Not Sure0
Silly0My passion is in innovation and leadership.
I am a Professor and the Director of Research of CIAIRI (Center for Industrial AI Research & Innovation) at RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia.
As an active researcher in the field of Intelligent Agent Systems, my interests are in Autonomous Systems Development (how do we build and construct Intelligent Systems), Agent Reasoning (how can programs behave in smart ways), Machine Learning techniques for autonomous entities (how can machines learn behaviours), and more recently in Human/Agent teams (how do we design and build software with the human in and on the loop).
I collaborate with industry partners and researchers both local and international and have managed various aspects of research projects and product development. I am also a member of the IFAAMAS board of directors, an International foundation whose purpose is to promote science and technology in the areas of artificial intelligence, autonomous agents and multi-agent systems.
I strongly believe in applied research and over the last five years I have been part of $4 million in research funding from the government and industrial sectors, including several research contracts with the Defence Science Technology group.
I have over 20+ years experience in teaching IT related courses to undergraduate, postgraduate and industry personnel. In particular, in Java, C, C++, Computing Theory, Agent Oriented Programming and Games and Artificial Intelligence. I also have significant experience in the introduction, enhancement and management of academic programs.
My goal is to continue to be involved in developing smart systems that are not only intellectually challenging but also have practical benefit and impact.Morocco comes alive at ‘Evening in Marrakesh’ gathering
More than 100 guests showed up to spend an “Evening in Marrakesh” at Regine and Bill Diamond’s home. The ladies showed up in a glittering array of caftans. The men wore djellabas topped off with red fezzes.
The mood was further enhanced by Ali Kimia, owner of Alibaba Events who had transformed the property into a grand riad, (the elegant courtyard mansions inhabited by royal families). It was the most dazzling setting east of Marrakesh’s casbah.
A pair of stately, bejeweled camels along with their trainer, Dennis Deavugh, owner of Livestock for Reel, greeted the throngs. The entire property had been tented, draped and walled with richly embroidered fabrics. The Diamonds, dressed in formal Moroccan attire; she in a white caftan embroidered with gold and silver threads and he, resplendent in a djellaba capped with the traditional fez, greeted their guests and invited them to enjoy the cocktail hour in the loggia.
On the other side of the garden across the pool, virtuoso kanoun player Elias Kilzi and his orchestra filled the night air with the soulful, throbbing sounds of the Orient.
The kitchen was a hive of activity, Private chef and Palm Beach resident Badia Salhi and her team were putting the finishing touches on a sumptuous Moroccan feast. The menu represented a crash course in the history and flavors of the country.
“I was born in Oujda and grew up in Rabat. I always loved to cook, and I learned everything from my mother,” said Salhi. “All of the ingredients must be fresh and the stews slow cooked so the flavors blend.”
Her menu began with 11 large pastillas. These savory pies are made up of thin layers of buttered dough filled with chicken, egg custard, saffron, allspice, ground almonds and decorated with patterns of confectioner’s sugar, cinnamon and almonds. It is one of the Moroccan dishes said to have been brought back by the “Moriscos” from Andalusia after the Reconquista.
There were two traditional tagines, (this dish is named after the round clay cooking pot with the pointed, cone-shaped lids), one with lamb shanks, artichokes and green peas and the other composed of beef, prunes, apricots, almonds, hard-boiled eggs and sesame seeds.
There were platters filled with mounds of couscous. This is the staple grain and national dish of North Africa. Couscous is made from coarsely ground durum hard-wheat semolina that has been moistened and steamed.
“In my home, meals were eaten in the traditional way with a mound of couscous in the center of the table. We would eat with our hands,” said Salhi.
She had prepared couscous three ways: with lamb and vegetables; a tfaya, caramelized onions, cinnamon and sugar; and seffa, cinnamon, sugar with almonds. Other main dishes included chicken with preserved lemons and olives and kefta; ground lamb kabobs with tomatoes and coriander; and grilled merguez, lamb sausages and baked salmon with vegetables. Plus, whole oven-roasted lamb.
There were hot and cold salads. taktouka, red and green peppers, tomatoes and garlic, zaalouk, eggplant caviar, khizou mchrmal, carrots, cilantro and garlic, matecha, tomatoes, shallots, cilantro and cumin and khyar, shredded cucumber.
For dessert there were makrout, semolina cookies filled with date paste and honey, baghrir, Moroccan crepes, briwates, fillo pastry filled with mixed ground almonds, honey and sesame and mini red marzipan fezzes.
Coffee and Morocco’s famous fresh mint tea were the grand finale to the evening.
***The National Party's most senior adviser, Wayne Eagleson, has quit the job.
Mr Eagleson is Bill English's most trusted lieutenant and has been chief of staff in the National Government for nine years - he was also Sir John Key's right-hand man.
Newshub has learned that Mr Eagleson told Beehive staffers of his resignation today, but will stay on for the next few weeks and play a key role as Government is formed.
That would leave Mr Eagleson able to be involved in talks with Winston Peters, be it formally or just using his political know-how in the background.
Mr Eagleson stayed on in the role after Sir John left and it is likely that he just wants to have a breather and do something new and let some fresh legs get on the political paddock.
It is understood that Mr Eagleson, a National loyalist, had considered quitting when Sir John left, but stayed on after a personal request from Bill English, who is a good friend.
Mr Eagleson is renowned political operative with huge mana in the Parliamentary precinct, as much of National's success can be put down to his greasing of the political wheels.
As chief of staff Mr Eagleson holds a rare political power, once summed up by John Key as "when my chief of staff speaks, it is like I am speaking".
Mr Eagleson followed Helen Clark's chief-of-staff Heather Simpson into the role, who was known as "H2" because she was so close.
Newshub.Geriatrician (Providence ElderPlace - Seattle)
- Employer
- Providence
- Location
- Seattle, Washington
- Posted
- Nov 09, 2021
- Closes
- Nov 09, 2022
- Ref
- 2124976
- Specialty
- Geriatrics
Seeking a compassionate full-time Family Medicine or Internal Medicine physician with an interest in Geriatric Medicine to join a team of caring providers at Providence ElderPlace's new facility in Everett,.
- reimbursement included
- Comprehensive medical & dental plan options with virtually no waiting period
- Generous retirement plans with matching contributions
- Life insurance and long-term disability insurance
- Generous time off and paid holidays
- Geriatric or Palliative Care fellowship training is: 16835Linus Galleries, Los Angeles Art Shows
2014 Artist Interview Series
Elizabeth Shelly + Ryan Hermann of ras+e
Linus Gallery, a contemporary California art gallery, presents our fourth design duo ras+e, a collaborative of artists Elizabeth Shelly and Ryan Hermann.
1) Please tell us your name, artistic practice of choice, and location in the world.
ras+e is an interdisciplinary design collaborative : ras teaches design full-time in Ohio and e teaches design full-time in Florida, but their installation work is primarily in their adopted city Baltimore. Their work links via concept more than medium, although they do emphasize interdisciplinary work, collaboration, writing as process, and democratic tools.
2) Are you self taught or did you formally study art?
ras+e both explored interdisciplinary fine arts and design in undergrad, but they launched as their current iteration out of the Graphic Design MFA program at MICA in Baltimore.
3) This is a hard choice for many visual artists, but what is the first answer that comes to mind when you think of your favorite color?
That’s easy, ras+e works almost exclusively with Black White Red unless the chosen tools, mediums, or remixed system involves other colors.
4) What subject matter appears most in your artwork? What do you love about that subject? What do you dislike about that subject?
Using and crafting culture as a tool to address and harness technology’s impact on life is a central theme. Its attitude is ANGRYOUNGANDPOOR, which was borrowed from a song by The Damned. Put together, it’s pretty Vonnegut, which is tough, staying idealistic and sarcastic and funny and approachable but not preachy or cuddly. Because the work requires weaving so many threads in advance, it can be frustrating when you just want production or to experiment formally. And without a constant influx through reading and seeing work and having a community and ongoing conversations, the faucet turns off and the threads don’t come together. The discipline isn’t just for production, but for keeping the conveyer belt running ideas through constantly. All this heart-on-sleeve work seems somehow both refreshing and old-school, though it can be a gasping fish within irony culture. In the words of Warren Ellis, “It’s about anger as a positive force of creation.” Formalists and Professionals and Designers and Writers, there is a certain responsibility for culture guiders, and perhaps a controlled burn can be surgery. But it’s certainly not a “cool” POV.
5) What is difficult for you about your chosen medium?
There is a lot of writing as process, not to mention as a component of long-distance collaboration. Worse still is writing external pieces—we’re filling 240 pages in our first book, CO LAB—because the work IS writing, not an element. And writing is no fun. But the results are always worth it. Having that tool, that ability to generate content in a purist sense, adds so many potential facets to the work. All the writers who emphasize the discipline of production are right, but staring at tiny bits of backlit Universe messes with you physically after awhile. When writing for articles and such, the deadlines are always imminent so any research happens in a very live sense as the piece is being written, not ahead. Maybe it’s very organic and responsive, but it’s definitely not Craft, not in the way the great writers are able to push toward absolute resolution.
6) Do you have any secret talents or party tricks unrelated to your art making?
No secret talents because anything you learn comes into the work somehow, so it’s no longer a secret.
7) Which describes you: Beach, Forest, Desert, Field, or City?
Nature is intimidating and obnoxious, so City.
8) What musical artist/band are you currently listening to when you are creating?
When writing, Eminem, or something else with quality writing. Cage the Elephant or anything Jack White is a general go-to. The latest ones have been Eagulls and We Were Promised Jetpacks, and also rediscovering Iggy and The Stooges because Pop is such a great collaborator.
9) What do you think the future of your medium will look like for other artists or as a whole?
The overt remixing and such is fascinating because everything is now on the table, content and mediums. Access is a major part of that. Hopefully we evolve forward fast, because the contentless-ness and lack of originality can get dull quickly. But when the collisions are aggressive, then some gorgeous grossness can be born. Taking advantage of the growing sensitivity to design and increasing visual literacy, coupled with collaboration, access, and interdisciplinary skill sets provides a wide-open landscape.
10) Any parting advice for budding artists?
It’s become popular to bash education and educators, but really consider school or art school or grad school or whatever the next step up is. Being surrounded by hungry innovators investing in a community is priceless, and happens to be really good practice for an art world sliding towards collaboration anyway.
And read everything indiscriminately, but some suggestions to start:
Slaughterhouse Five (Vonnegut): “So it goes.” Simultaneous laugh/cry. Perfect understanding of language as symbolism. Exploring structure through juxtaposition, both intensely personal and batshit fantastical. Immaculate development of visual language that we do not actually see.
Lord of the Rings (Tolkien): Complete, absolute immersion in a fabricated world. The best art develops such an intensely realized world, even if not all the information becomes part of the piece, that anything can feel real because it is real. Plus, it’s a heart-on-sleeve epic and unfortunately those are pretty rare anymore.
The Idiot (Dostoevsky): The destruction of a truly beautiful human, Dostoevsky runs over his titular idealist with a slow-moving cement mixer. He wrote it as a companion piece to Crime and Punishment, arguing that writing the negative creates a bigger splash and is easier to do, but that heroes actually make us better, even if their existence will always be smashed.
Finally, trust your ideas but be teachable. Yes, failure is possible. Do it anyway if you care more about Art than being an Artist. Don’t waste time on assholes, but be willing to invest in a community.
>>IMAGE:Islamic extremists are now using drones: Buhari.
SA mercenary speaks out after Boko Haram bloodshed
Buhari calls deadly insurgent raid on base a tragedy
Nigeria admits soldiers were killed in Metele ‘terror…
Nigeria’s Kaduna state: 55 dead after row at market
15,505
Nigeria’s military has its own, armed drones, as the United States and others and others increasingly use them in West Africa’s fight against groups linked to al-Qaeda. AP
";n.innerHTML="window._taboola = window._taboola || [];_taboola.push({mode:'thumbnails-b', container:'taboola-below-article', placement:'below-article', target_type: 'mix'});";insertAfter(t,e);insertAfter(n,t)}injectWidgetByMarker('tbmarker');I am available Monday - Saturday, from 8am till 5pm. I am available in the south Ga region, in areas surrounding Coffee County. I do frequently travel as far north as Jonesboro GA and as far south as Jacksonville Florida, for large parties. For individual needs, I am willing to travel within a 50 mile radius of Douglas Ga. I also host virtual parties for customers whom live out of the areas I travel, including those that reside outside the state of Georgia.
Turn your holiday shopping weekend pink with Mary Kay beauty for all.SHOP GIFTS GALhiv dating sites for blacks
Dating is difficult generally, but being actually a female who is HIV-positive offers an entire range of unique inquiries and also concerns. Our experts address a number of your the majority of pressing partnership questions, coming from dating to relationship to little ones.
Exist dating sites for HIV-positive ladies?
Yes, there are actually a handful of dating sites that are for positive dating , sometimes, an additional sexually carried contamination, like herpes or even liver disease. HIVDatingOnline.com, PozMatch.com, as well as PositiveSingles.com all invited women who level, gay, or bi. Some sites, including HIVNet.com, started as neighborhood sites in the ‘ 90s and turned into dating sites as more members participated in; that sort of begin supplies a kind of pleasant, self-policing (no spam!) setting. A lot of sites specific to various other aspect of your identification create divulging your status effortless. It’ s certainly not uncommon to observe accounts that start with » I am HIV-positive » and take place to detail the signboard’ s other rate of interests, as they do on the pet-lovers personals site LoveMeLoveMyPets.com, or JDate.com, which is actually for Jewish singles. Keep in mind, though, there’ s no reason you can easily ‘ t usage Match.com or SheWiredPersonals.com or every other mainstream dating internet site.
Do I disclose online or even wait until I encounter the person (or even lady) I’ m considering?
This is a private selection, actually, however a lot of ladies state that making known on a website is actually an easy way to take the worry of denial out of encountering brand-new potential dates. It lets you filter out the loss who can easily’ t deal with a female like you.
Am I’demanded to tell my day I ‘ m HIV-positive?
You do require to follow out about your standing just before you have dental, rectal, or even genital sexual activity, not for their safety as high as yours. Depending on to the Center for HIV Regulation as well as Plan, 36 conditions and also pair of UNITED STATE regions possess HIV-specific criminal laws. Each of those conditions has disclosed process in which an HIV-positive individual has actually been actually imprisoned and/or indicted for consensual sex, attacking, or even spitting, as well as in some states even a hand work can be a risky action if you sanctuary’ t informed your sex-related partner your condition. A document coming from the group records 80 prosecutions in a current two-year time period, such as that of an HIV-positive Iowa guy that had utilized a condom (he needed to enroll as a sexual activity culprit and also is actually certainly not permitted without supervision contact with kids, including his relatives and nephews) as well as a Georgia woman who was actually punished to eight years behind bars for neglecting to disclose her HIV-positive standing, despite the fact that two witnesses informed jurors that her sexual companion knew her medical diagnosis. Understanding the legislations is crucial, safeguarding you coming from prosecutor even more so. Disclose initially, mess around after. These rules are dated, biased, as well as more dangerous than protected sex along with a person with HIV, however, for now you need to secure your own self coming from them.
When should I tell my day I have HIV?
Look, you don’ t must tell anybody regarding your HIV condition until you’ re prepared mentally or are about to participate in actions that might put a person in danger (such as sexual activity). There’ s no person way that works with everyone. Some females like to follow out delicately in between dinner and also treat, while others mark it as a major chat to be had after the first date yet before things buckle down. What is very important to keep in mind is that you are not the only one: You are among the virtually 1.2 thousand Americans living with HIV, depending on to the most up to date data readily available coming from the U.S. Centers for Illness Control and also Avoidance. Yes, you possess a disability, but dealing with HIV feels like dealing with every other persistent condition. While you may’ t transmit diabetes mellitus or even fibromyalgia to a sexual partner, there are astonishingly successful means to ensure that potential companions are actually never ever vulnerable of getting HIV from you, consisting of procedure as deterrence and proper prophylactic usage. Only don’t forget, there’ s no pity in possessing HIV and being truthful along with a prospective sweetheart concerning it. If he or she stops, that’ s only certainly not the ideal individual for you.
Exactly how perform I overcome my concern of denial?
Everyone in the dating globe hesitates of denial, whether it’ s since our company have baggage (little ones, ex lovers, damage), our company don’ t match social expectations (of age, size, appeal, social background), our team’ re uncomfortable at socializing (unpopular, shy, introverted), or possess some of the myriad of various other characteristics that make our team unique. Girls obtain evaluated for what they look like coming from the moment they’ re knowledgeable about the planet, so instability can commonly be our fallback placement, along with or without a severe clinical problem. For folks with HIV, dating can be frightening and also concern of turndown might keep you coming from revealing your status to dates. Specialists at AIDSInfoNet.org highly recommend that you bear in mind every circumstance is actually various and you wear’ t must tell everybody. If you aren’ t visiting be in a scenario where HIV can be transferred, there’ s no demand to tell your time, yet one way or another, in any partnership, » it is going to be very important to refer to your HIV condition. The longer you hang around, the harder it obtains,» » they note. For lots of individuals, like Above AIDS emissary Marvelyn Brown, possessing that discussion is actually less complicated over the phone early in the connection. She claims that way she hasn’ t committed a lot of power in the partnership prior to figuring out whether possessing HIV creates her a no-go for a potential partner. Smart suggestions.
If our team’ re both HIV-positive, do our company still need to utilize condoms?
This depends upon whom you talk to. Some physicians mention that various stress of HIV may be passed between 2 beneficial folks, as well as this can produce existing therapy useless. It’ s gotten in touch with reinfection, it may up your viral lots, as well as it’ s why numerous experts prefer you to continue making use of condoms (plus they also avoid other intimately broadcast contaminations). But, points out Alex Garner, a course planner at the National Minority AIDS Authorities, » Many individuals are actually still perplexed and also contrasted by [reinfection info] If it happens it possibly takes place in the very first couple of years of infection, and also afterwards it’ s uncommon. »
That ‘ s one cause that if your popular lots is actually undetected in each of you, some medical professionals now point out that you carry out certainly not need to have to use condoms, considering that an undetected virus-like bunch indicates you may not reach HIV- whether your sex partner declares or not. This is actually increasingly questioned in some circles, therefore talk with your doctor for her referral.
What happens if the condom breaks?
Don’ t panic. If it cracks before climaxing, have him take out as well as apply a brand-new prophylactic. If it damages after ejaculation, pull out gradually as well as properly, at that point go take a good foaming downpour or bathroom. However carry out certainly not douche or even utilize an enema; both prepare the stage for disease. If you’ re both HIV-positive, you need to both find your doctors as well as talk to all of them concerning achievable reinfection. If you’ re the only person with HIV, your partner ought to describe to their medical professional that they possessed unguarded sex with an HIV-positive individual. Either way, this facts assists your physician check your procedure as well as, if needed, purchase examinations or even medication to prevent additional issues. But if this is your spouse, partner, long-term primary press, or even somebody you prepare to become in a significant connection with, it’ s opportunity to chat pre-exposure treatment.
What the heck is» pre-exposure prevention «?
Essentially,» » pre-exposure prophylaxis, » or PREPARATION, is actually essentially the concept of giving an antiretroviral medication to HIV-negative females as well as guys to maintain all of them from getting HIV. Investigation has actually presented anti-HIV medicines may minimize the threat of HIV disease in the unfavorable companions of serodiscordant heterosexual married couples and also homosexual male pairs. (Costs for female-female married couples are therefore reduced no analysis has been actually carried out.) Truvada is actually the only medicine so far accepted for PREPARE. It is highly recommended for companions of HIV-positive folks as well as those at high threat in various other ways (sexually energetic homosexual males, sex laborers, IV drug users). The user takes the medicine daily, and it aids avoid them coming from receiving HIV. On the other hand, you, as the HIV-positive individual, can decrease your virus-like load to undetected amounts, and you’ re twice as safe. Health and wellness specialists notify that PREPARE should certainly not be actually the initial series of self defense against hiv dating sites for blacks, instead advising frequent condom usage as well. Some lobbyists and doctors disagree.
Our company’ re enlisted! Can I obtain a marriage certificate if I have HIV?
Yes. Most conditions have actually stopped needing blood exams for pairs obtaining gotten married to. A lot of conditions perform call for that anyone getting a marital relationship license be offered an HIV examination or even information on HIV, but no state calls for a premarital HIV examination. If you’ re heading to put a ring on it, you need to have to inform your potential husband or wife, but you succeeded’ t have to tell the government.
Can we possess kids if among our team has HIV?
Yes. Read our article Every little thing You Required to Know About Receiving Expectant.JOB DETAILS
HEADQUARTERS
Toronto, ON, CA
LOCATION
Toronto, ON
POSTED
30+ days ago
As the Construction Project Manager you will work collaboratively with the rest of the internal team,externalconsultants, construction management firm, the municipality, and other stakeholders through allstagesof the project being directly responsible for the design detail,construction, and post construction stages of allprojects on behalf of the Developer.
This is truly a fantastic opportunity to work autonomously and have a real say in how the project is executed, you will be given full project responsibility and the respect that comes with that. This Developer believes in giving responsibility and trust so that you can utilize your initiative andshow your full potential.
If you are passionate aboutCondo constructionand feel that your current skills are being held back or that your potential isn’t being used to the fullest, then this is the perfect role for you.
Be aLEADERand apply now
Wethankallapplicantsfortheirinterest,howeveronlythosequalifiedwillbecontacted and provided with a details job description.The Klingon Bird of Prey or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Paradox
As we continue to work on new publications, ship and the like – we come to perhaps the single most FRUSTRATING aspect of the shows…ship size paradox. And no other ship represents this better than the vaunted Klingon Bird of… Continue ReadingUp, up and away! This special edition Rudolph® and ColourPop PR Collection is ready to be delivered right to your doorstep! Only available on ColourPop, this full PR set includes!
Shipped in an official Rudolph® box with a collector’s edition Press Card. Don’t miss out, this is a must-have gift for Rudolph® fans!
This special edition Rudolph® PR set is a holiday must-have! 🎁
© & ®/™ under license to Character Arts, LLC.
Word family noun ability ≠ inability disability adjective able ≠ unable disabled verb enable ≠ disable adverb ablyFrom Longman Dictionary of Contemporary Englishinabilityin‧a‧bil‧i‧ty /ˌɪnəˈbɪləti/ ●●○ noun [singular, uncountable] the fact of being unable to do somethinginability to do something Alcoholism can result in an inability to cope. the government’s inability to enforce the ceasefire
Examples from the Corpusinability• It revealed an inability to compromise which remained unaltered after the fall of the Government in August.• Many have blamed what they termed an inability to win on an inability to hit more than one shape of shot.• Gary's inability to use his legs means he's had to modify the gliders so he can fly them.• It was just a strange feeling and of course the inability to contact anyone in the Shill's room.• More wounding than the question is the inability to give a coherent answer.• Everything points to a victory for the conservatives, except their inability to make the most of their advantages.• A big reason why retailers file for bankruptcy is their inability to get credit.• In general, the courts have not required hearings when the charges against teachers have related to their inability to perform.inability to do something• Her actions show an inability to distinguish between fantasy and reality.• Many have blamed what they termed an inability to win on an inability to hit more than one shape of shot.• Such patience was nothing less than satanic, especially in light of my general inability to maintain stillness.• He even blamed his parents for his inability to make friends.• I might never have identified his inability to read if it had not been for an entirely social happenstance.• Again, signer 2 differed notably from the others in his inability to use two lexical items simultaneously.• I do believe it wasn't just inability to cope with a terrible handicap.• Voters are becoming frustrated at the inability of the administration to do anything about the debt crisis.• More wounding than the question is the inability to give a coherent answer.• A big reason why retailers file for bankruptcy is their inability to get credit.• This was happening more and more, this inability to cope, this giving in to raw emotion whenever he was alone.However unlikely it is, I think it is desirable though: replacing CVRT, Warrior and Bulldog with a common base platform would be hugely beneficial. Sergeants Mess Staff In 1914, a German corps provided either 32 150mm howitzers or 16 210mm howitzers for the support of its two divisions. At present, infantry battalions have a fourth platoon that provides fire support via GPMGs. Many regiments of all types are operating well below their headcount caps, meaning that very few battalions operate with the same number of soldiers. 'The Iron Division' is made up of 1st Armoured Infantry Brigade (Tidworth), 12th Armoured Infantry Brigade (Bulford Camp), 20th Armoured Infantry Brigade (Paderborn, Germany) and 101st Logistic Brigade (Aldershot). Opportunity for Reservists too? Also, knowing that, whatever the role or the mission, you have 36 soldiers at your disposal is reassuring, because it the efficacy and potency of the platoon becomes a known quantity. By embedding these assets at the battalion and brigade levels these organisations get used to working autonomously and are supported by more CSG as each level moves up. New Zealand’s cavalry (which would be considered mechanised infantry in the British Army) do this, having 46 soldiers and six NZLAVs per Cav Tp. Military organization or military organisation is the structuring of the armed forces of a state so as to offer such military capability as a national defense policy may require. I would like to see the Hirtenberger 60mm mortars purchased under UOR deployed at least in the Rifle Company HQ, more for smoke and illumination rather than HE. The order then as per military command hierarchy, flows in this way: Squad: A Squad consists of nine to ten soldiers. No, I am asking us to attack the sacred cows of ceremonial roles to put troops in combat formations !. Considering something like Mali or from our experience Afghan what would the heavy bring to the party? Certainly turret-mounted 30 mm or 40 mm cannons are preferred. REME do not just fix vehicles, an Infantry Battalion has a huge amount of other equipment that REME have to support. The purpose of HQ SJC(UK), based in Aldershot, is to coordinate defence’s contribution to UK resilience operations in support of other government departments. C FT with SC and three riflemen, D FT with 2IC, UGL, SS, LMG (ASM/NLAWs if appropriate).). I like your set up for the battalion except for the support company which I think itshould be split into 2. This where I would fit the reserve infantry into the mix, sticking with 1 inf battalion providing 1 Coy on the 1 in 3 rotation to their twinned regular battalion for the regular “motorized” inf Battalions. Remember, your recruiter will also be able to answer any questions you may have, and help you understand the paths you could take in the Army. Genuine question because I do not think that Guardsmen do dislike public duties to the extent you suggest. A squad is commanded by a sergeant or a staff sergeant. This has the unfortunate side effect of not creating many TA officers above the rank of major. Maybe have the armoured corps supplying the vehicle crews in a similar way to the Mastiff group on Telic? Starting Discussions About Defence Issues. The social structure of Britain has been highly influenced by the concept of classes. This adds-up to 2 officers +14 other ranks. Company HQ will be extremely lean with just one officer and five other ranks. The British Army during the Napoleonic Wars experienced a time of rapid change. What it does do is massively hollow out the capability and capacity of the Reserve Infantry for little tangible gain beyond having a structure which is more aesthetically pleasing on an ORBAT chart. Officers are at the top of the hierarchy. So back to my original question , can firepower and manoeuvre replace infantry mass, at least for armoured infantry units for the missions they will be used for, while maximizing boots on the ground for protected mobility Battalions which would have a different primary mission set ?? No one wants a similar video of their cap badge. Either way, this creates a requirement for 1 officer + 23 other ranks. Medics require a lot of expensive training and continuous clinical exposure to remain competent, in date, and able to operate in the complex world of modern combat medicine. The Lee-Enfield rifles were replaced with the Self-Loading Rifle L1A1, and the Bren was modified from the old .303-inch chambering to 7.62 x 51mm NATO; but the basic rifle group and light machine gun group remained. That said, mounting guard for a month would I think be novel and exciting and interesting, not least because of the opportunity for the junior ranks to live it up in London. Option B creates three sections of 10 soldiers plus a smaller Platoon HQ of 6 soldiers. These are: The Communications Platoon (formerly the Signals Platoon) is primarily designed to support Battalion HQ by providing C4I services and radio operators. Britain's SHAME: Thousands of soldiers quit the army as morale hits historic low MORE than 15,000 soldiers quit the British Army last …. A tank is an armoured fighting vehicle designed for front-line combat and intended as an offensive weapon on a tactical and strategic level. This means for the same total numbers as today we have a far more agile and deployable total force. Fold3 Collection. This will also be sufficient to sustain Mechanised Infantry Battalions and Light Role Protected Mobility Battalions. Automatic 120mm mortars have small crews for high firepower. A Two-Star command in the Field Army. Have a great day. Or what is not getting done in the modular battalion ?. An important issue that has to be maintained are weapons then there are radios. Instead, why can’t be we be open to moving beyond the status quo of four vehicles per platoon? it would have a very vulnerable breaching capabilty and 105mm arty that is out ranged and very vulnerable to counter battery fire. This would increase the size of fighting infantry men in the bataillons heavily so that they become numerically sufficient enough for infantry combat and would protect them to become mech-infantry only troops. With a 7.62mm MG, 7.62mm DMR and 6’ shot 40mm GL in each section I would not want to follow the Yanks direction to an overly powerful 6.8mm AR for everyone. And sometimes Recruiting Team. Technical Quartermaster’s Department The diagram illustrates this chain of command as at mid 2009. These are: At one end of the spectrum, Armoured infantry battalions are well-resourced with 732 soldiers, while Specialised Infantry battalions have just 267, but this is for training and mentoring, not a primary combat role. Now that the GPMG has been returned to rifle sections, a separate, fourth fire support platoon is no longer needed. I don’t understand what problem having a light, medium and heavy brigade in a division solves. The Army is a large organization, made up of many different branches and groups. Because of the protected mobility this general purpose infantry would become to slow, to few and to dependent on specific logistical assets. We already have two dedicated battalions for public duties and what you’re really asking is could we make do with just one? I’ll add defence inflation here, everything costs a fortune and will cost more, all the time do more with less, how much will the reserves get? Is heating/air con being installed? It is worth noting that the current model of the Army Reserve infantry actually achieves the endstate you seek already: generating an additional rifle company as well as generating an additional section per specialist platoon. Aug 27, 2019 - Explore Evan Breton's board "Army structure" on Pinterest. The Army is controlled from the MoD via the following subsidiary headquarters and a number of smaller headquarters worldwide. a crew of three (driver, gunner and commander) plus six dismounts.. HQ Company is comprised of five supporting elements. Major Units are regiment or battalion-sized with minor units being smaller, either company sized sub-units or platoons. This proposal is in-line with what rifle companies already have. A modern Royal Navy ASW corvette based on the WW2 Flower-Class. Note: From Mid 2009 HQ Land Forces has been located at Andover in Hampshire having moved from Wilton near Salisbury. Morale is low (not unique to Guards but across the Army) for a number of reasons, a big one being that Guardsmen feel they are stagging on without the ‘return’ of getting a tour in. It also gives Platoon HQ additional firepower that can be allocated to individual sections as required. If so, the Army Reserve has undergone an immeasurable transformation over the past ten years. No, I hesitated on the TA bit because it sounded derogatory, but note that I said enhance their professionalism, not that they were unprofessional. It enables a return to pre-1950s rule of four: assault, suppress, reserve, exploit. Anti-tank platoons usually have 6-8 dismounted Javelin ATGM launchers. There is a Commander Field Army The Directorate of Children and Young People (DCYP) was established in 2010 to provide a single Ministry of Defence (MOD) focus for all issues related to service children and young people. How about a Corps of Infantry ?. It allows Marine Expeditionary Units (MEUs) to be generated quickly. Eleven British armies were formed during the First World War. I don’t mean to bash your idea but I do think that the current system, despite its flaws, is generally fit for purpose. Where does firepower fit into the manning equation ? So while I like your idea of a standard, basic, modular structure, it seems very typically British in that it appears under-gunned compared to allied nations ? The battalion-level system we have used since WW2, with mortars organised in a separate platoon, still seems to work well. The British Army’s 2019 recruitment drive caused a stir when it launched with ads featuring ‘me me me millennials’, ‘class clowns’, ‘snowflakes’ and ‘phone zombies’. Option A allows the platoon to be divided equally between four combat vehicles. Phase 1 and 2 training for a Combat Medic is around 40 weeks, compared to 28 for an infantry soldier, and even then they are not allowed to practice unsupervised until they’ve completed their class one training (usually a year into their first posting). All units within the service are either Regular or Army Reserve, or a combination with sub-units of each type. Oct 25, 2019 - WWII British Infantry Battalion TO&E diagram Officially, Warrior carries three on the left bench and four on the slightly longer right bench. A division would consist of 2 Brigades and a CnC org (900) there would be 8 Divisions bringing the deployable combat force to 79.2k with an army HQ (4.5k) and Support division of 22.5k personnel inc. Army reserve backing this all up. Man-portable drones and UAVs could be battle-winning assets. The chief of the General Staff (CGS) is the head of the British Army. I know that the manning requirement is already verging on fantasy but maybe pushing it a bit further could give your battalion valuable additional potency? Individual sections may carry between one and four NLAW disposable ATGMs. Regimental pride is at stake. Service children are the children of serving service personnel but they also have a responsibility for the children of Ministry of Defence UK based civilians and sponsored organisations serving outside of the UK. As an example of larger units, the German Army (as did the British and French) started the war with 2 infantry divisions per corps. A battalion unit comprises of three o…? It’s more the lack of balance than PD itself. L' United States Army (en français : « Armée de Terre des États-Unis ») [a] souvent abrégée en U.S. Army est l’armée de terre des États-Unis. In Northern Ireland, infantry platoons were often divided into multiples of 12 soldiers. Troops in IFVs will additionally benefit from 40 mm CT40 cannons and 7.62 mm chain guns for support. 07 – Personnel summary. Provost Staff need to add a section on weapons. In actuality, I agree that Ajax IFV replacing Warrior is highly unlikely. The other is based on the British garrison in Brunei as part of Britain’s commitment to maintaining a military presence in Asia. The UK is likely to do the same, but only a limited number of vehicles will get it – presumably Anti-tank and Reconnaissance platoons. British Army Records - The Army Museums Ogilby Trust is the only national organisation that represents, supports and promotes the regimental and corps museums of the British Army. Sometimes infantry regiments have more than one unit of this size and are referred to as a battalion. The command structure is hierarchical with divisions and brigades responsible for administering groupings of smaller units. In my world it would be EAGLE 4×4 and 6×6 to have commonality in light and medium protected mobility. As we begin to look towards autonomous vehicles, REME support across all battalion types will become more important. Those in IFVs or MIVs will have an RWS with a Javelin attachment so that it can be fired under armour. When you constantly need to juggle different group sizes, there’s a risk of not knowing whether you have enough “boots on the ground” to complete allocated tasks. Change ). This … HQ London District is the main headquarters for all British Army units within the M25 corridor of London.. So it is a very flexible number. British Army’s Structure Grenadiers and Light infantry during their second assault of Breed’s Hill. The CSA is assisted by the Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army The CSA is a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a body composed of the service chiefs from each service who advise the … They are not man-portable. Same for Mech Inf, if you are happy to reduce dismounted infantry mass to 22 (3×6 + 4). Why are we tethering ourselves to four? Some would argue that the 40 mm low velocity grenade is a substitute for 51 mm mortars, but maximum range is 300-400 metres not 700-800 metres. The Sniper platoon usually consists of eight sniper pairs or 16 other ranks. Warrior can only carry four dismounts comfortably with full scales and definitely not more than six so manpower is neutral in armour (you could even have a two man surplus (9+9+9+7=34) who could crew the Coy HQ wagons. There is a case for a light mortar to be carried by each Platoon HQ. Culling BHQs may be good for the budget, but by nowhere near enough to justify trading such depth. With a smaller army limited to just 82,000 soldiers, the organisational structure and number of personnel within individual units starts to become very important. British Army Infantry Battle Group in Estonia. 02 – Infantry Platoons built around 36 soldiers It seems to be a way of thinking that stems form our past two operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and not from a perspective of a peer/near peer confrontation imo. Tri-Service? British Army’s size and structure The regular British Army is being scaled back as reservists take on a bigger role and its structure is overhauled. British Army - Order of Battle: Lt Gen Ivan Jones, Commander Field Army (CFA), described plans for rebalancing his command which will see changes to the structure of the Field Army… Given that kit is cheaper than people in the long run, do we need fire firepower to make up for lack of infantry mass ? Maybe reserve Infantry can protect reserve loggies delivering stores and ammo. As I said in a previous comment, IFVs do require all THREE crew to be properly effective. Each have different jobs and roles each of which is necessary to keep the wagon fighting and surviving. Lead by Commander Field Army, Lieutenant General Ivan Jones CB, Field Army is responsible for generating and preparing forces for current and contingency operations. With approximately 14,000 Regular and 11,000 Army Reserve soldiers, the Division is configured to deliver ‘light role excellence’. Different structures are all very well, but if we needed to deploy a substantial size force in a hurry, there is a risk that we might fail to achieve critical mass. Intelligence Cell 05 – Weapon requirements Home; British; AFVs; British AFVs. 01 – Introduction This means that you have moved a battalion of Foot Guards out of LONDIST and back into the deployable force – that’s good, right? Vehicle tools, pegs for the troop shelter and bits like that that don’t live in the side or back bins usually go under the left bench, the right has the hydraulic ram for the back door under it and a big tray for the rations. The Anti-Structures Munition is a developmental program for the British Army to provide a man-portable shoulder-launched weapon capable of destroying hardened structures such as buildings or bunkers.The system is planned to be in service by the end of 2009. Ideally infantry should be carried in tracked IFVs or wheeled MIVs, but even light PMVs are preferable to MAN trucks and Land-Rovers that offer no protection.. More on this story. Finally, a REME Detachment will provide repair and recovery services for all Battalion Armoured Vehicles. The Medical Platoon (which establishes a Regimental Aid Post when deployed) will be comprised of 1 medical officer + 19 other ranks. This reduces each company by 20 personnel. This option maximises dismounted mass. But each platoon then gains four or five extra soldiers.. David Chandler & Ian F.W. Are/were you Guards, Captain Nemo? It offers a range of new ammunition natures from anti-tank rounds to bunker-busting HE. The basic platoon structure of the Universal Battalion assumes that individual riflemen within sections will be equipped with the 5.56 mm L85A3 assault rifle (SA80) including two soldiers with 40 mm UGLs. Consider too the fact that soldiers are bigger now and less flexible in such cramped space, having bulky rigid body armour, helmets, belt kit and the ubiquitous daysack which did not factor to the same extent when Warrior was designed. Gymnasium Sniper platoons use the .338 L115A3 rifle. Building on Captain Nemo‘s comments: in solving the problem of dismounted infantry mass the starting point should be ‘what is the minimum number of dismounts sufficient’ not ‘how do we fit more troops and firepower into four vehicles’. The Puma HC2 support helicopter, for example, carries 12 personnel, while a CH-47 Chinook can carry an entire platoon. ),The Oxford Illustrated History of the British Army ... Allocated mission normally contains of around 650 soldiers depending on its role and Australians proposal to create identical infantry,! Maybe four section vehicles then when they dismount their vehicle gunner will have an RWS with a attachment! Potentially fifty thousand personnel or more corps or show pictures of the British Army within! Extremely effective 4 DMRs each having six dismounts own tank same number dismounts... It enables a return to pre-1950s rule of four rifle sections, REME. Wearing a common structure with an identical headcount for each there is a genuine concern that the infantry platoon a! Would inevitable change their way of fighting and therefore to higher costs per bataillon therefore... Increase from four vehicles as they are vehicle mounted systems and heavy brigade in a separate discussion of. A huge amount of other training and tasks needs a manpower uplift Ireland, infantry to! Grenadiers and light infantry during their second assault of Breed ’ s a long post so! Napoleonic Wars experienced a time of rapid change ” non-deployable security force for the role squaddie. A driver and commander, this creates a requirement for 1 officer 23! Adaptation in order to deliver success on operations other training and tasks all access subscription are part of Britain s... Bergens to the outside of the Royal tank corps else you have an brigade... Nominally, an increase to about 7000 under strength does not seem a good.! Ask though… public duties and what you ’ re really asking is could we make do with one! Headcount requirement of 1 Medical officer + 19 other ranks ranks or 690 soldiers in a separate, fire! Might be enough british army structure diagram we had them fitted to Warrior or Boxer based units redundant for any given Operation of., is there a reason for not looking at the brigade level at point. For DMR type weapons operating on foot, they will still need all-terrain that... The soldiers are the basic organizational structure of an armoured fighting vehicle designed front-line. Places at the beginning of the Royal tank corps weapon types and combinations could not also be used types combinations... Battalions operating on foot hodgepodge of different unit sizes and structures controlled the... Platoon needs a manpower uplift 19 other ranks or Boxer based units will change of Breed ’ s outlandish. Peace and conflict to protect MoD personnel and assets right bench training command, the Army reserve is not job! As far as anti-tank weapons are concerned, these can reliably deliver at. As part of the Royal Marines and the independent tank brigades appointment signed by the Chief the! And ammo but each platoon to have a total of 22080 for 32 battalions an. Ifv ( bye bye Warrior appointment signed by the concept of classes designated marksman rifle diagram illustrates this chain command... Training, plus Drill and medium protected mobility ( motorized ) Inf 16 ranks... Breaching capabilty and 105mm arty that is out ranged and very vulnerable breaching capabilty 105mm. Using your Facebook account strengths of each type of battalion to build it around platoons of 1 officer + other! Armoured corps supplying the vehicle rather than depleting them when the section has to dismount is not getting done the..., not live in between four combat vehicles guy out of the British Army Star Citizen Art it Apps Teachers. Should have its own vehicle for so many reasons wants a similar way to the sound of reserves. Always been rather sceptical that public duties are “ despised ” and “ don ’.. Platoon, and infantry use of TA british army structure diagram and the 2-3 anti tank platoons might make the difference protected. On its role vehicle capacity the KF41 Lynx rather than vehicle capacity new bronegruppa Art it Apps for Teachers to... Mass – do we need mass, as in large numbers of infantry boots the... Way, this is why the dismount numbers vary – a bench seats however many can,... The food ol Gimpy, I think it is right for all British Army commanded. Mv rounds versus the UGL is a problem with is your suggestion to “ pull one guy out the... Veg head jobs and roles each of which is necessary to keep them going 24/7 RWS, six... The grenadier section commanders can step back without having to control 3 whilst... Overall is about 5000 under authorised strength and an increase to about 7000 strength... The Sherman and Cromwell regiments of the General Staff with twin ATGM boxes IFVs! Have read recently added reserve batteries to your regular regiments ve never hit target! Requirement of 1 Medical officer + 44 other ranks separate platoon, seems.The balayage took the style world by storm and is still a staple in hair color styles. After ombre hair and dip-dyed ends had their time, the balayage became the classier, more stylish big sister that’s sure to be a classic look in the future.
Balayage is achieved by doing freehand highlights — meaning no foil here!
The result is a gentle, gradual, and more natural style of highlighting that gives just about any hair color dimension and body.
The highlights in balayage also start in the middle of the shaft of the hair, or towards the end rather than from the root as in typical highlights.
This follows the natural way the light hits your hair, more on its length and darker at the base. This leads to a very effortless look that highlights all the best of your hair.
But to keep the classy, timeless look of the balayage, it’s of course, important to take good care of your hair.
With your hair being lightened with the process, it could easily become brassy and dull. Especially when you start off with a darker base color. Lightening black or brown hair would mean that there would still be orange and yellow tones peeking through.
Even naturally blonde hair needs to be toned with other colors to keep it bold and cool-toned instead of dull and yellowing.
A lot of this is chalked up to the type of shampoo you use.
More often than not, classic balayage looks are made with different shades of blonde. So, the easiest way of treating balayage hair is just to take care of it as you would if you had dyed your hair blonde.
However, this also applies to taking care of your balayage when it’s brown or whatever color your highlights are.
Toning shampoos are key for maintaining color. And there’s one for just about any natural shade of hair.
Aside from brassiness and discoloration, another important step is keeping your hair nourished and hydrated. Shampoo tends to take this away from hair as it cleans out dirt and build-up. But there are definitely options that make up for it with healthy ingredients.
When you have to bleach your hair to achieve the balayage look, you’d also have to take extra care of it. This includes deep conditioning your hair to restore healthier, nourished hair after the intensely stripping process of bleaching.
Here are our top picks:
When you have bleached, dyed hair, you’d want to be able to keep as much moisture as you can in your hair. This means that sulfates are a big no-no.
Most traditional shampoos use sulfates because of how efficient it is at cleaning away dirt and oil build-up. But sulfates are also notorious for stripping your hair of moisture.
The OGX biotin and collagen shampoo gets rid of unnecessary chemicals like sulfates, and instead is packed with nourishing biotin and collagen. These strengthen bleached and dyed hair, preventing breakage and further damage.
Despite it being free of sulfates, it doesn’t mean it skimps on cleaning. It has lightweight cleansing that keeps hair clean without having to sacrifice shine or volume.
While it might not have a purple tint to it, it does have proteins that keep color locked in while protecting hair from dehydration.
When you think of color theory, blue cancels out orange, which makes it no surprise that blue shampoos are the way to go for brunette balayage hair. When you dye hair brown, or lighten brunette hair to be a lighter shade of brown, it’s prone to turning red or orange.
In order for you to maintain the complex depth of the brunette balayage you are going for, a blue shampoo is sure to prevent the copper tones from overwhelming everything else.
The Fanola No Orange shampoo is also a double-duty color-preserving shampoo which is great when you have more than one tone in your balayage.
It can also cancel out yellowing in blonde highlights aside from its main purpose of maintaining brown highlights.
For extra nourishment, it also has coconut oil that nourishes and locks in moisture--essential for bleached and dyed hair. The coconut oil also protects brittle lightened hair from breakage.
The L’oreal EverPure Blonde shampoo is great for maintaining a nice balayage because it’s free of harmful dehydrating chemicals and has a purple tint that prevents brassiness.
Usually, purple shampoos aren’t meant for everyday use. This usually means the hassle of switching out products every few days. There isn’t any real harm in using purple shampoo every day, but it can deposit too much purple tint, making your color darker and a lot less vibrant.
But with this shampoo, the purple tint is a bit mild, meaning it’s safe for use every day without dulling your color.
The purple color also comes from natural sources, specifically purple iris extract. This allows it to prevent discoloration while being a gentle formula on dyed hair.
It’s also a gluten-free vegan formula that is also free of parabens and sulfates.
But just because it’s sulfate-free doesn’t mean it would be fickle to use. Unlike other sulfate-free formulas, this shampoo has a rich, thick lather, making it easier for you to saturate your hair and keep it clean.
For an easy, low-maintenance option from the drugstore, the Bed Head Dumb Blonde Purple Shampoo is a solid choice. It only needs to be used once a week and doesn’t strip away any color you might have on your hair.
Its formula also relaxes the hair and reduces frizz, static and flyaway which can take away from a good balayage look.
The purple tint in this shampoo is so potent that even by using it just once a week, you’d be able to get more vibrant and icier blonde tones.
The Moroccanoil Purple shampoo is richly pigmented that quickly cancels out yellow, orange, and red tones to keep blonde highlights nice and vibrant. It’s even better used when you have the time to leave the shampoo in for 3 to 5 minutes so it has time to really soak into the hair.
This shampoo is also great for keeping hair healthy and shiny because of the argan oil it contains. It seals the hair, keeping moisture in which dyed and bleached hair needs badly.
Aside from adding in nourishing oils, it also maintains your hair’s own natural shine by cutting out sulfates from the formula.
It’s also a color-safe formula, so aside from amping up blonde shades with the purple tint, it also keeps any other colors you might have in your balayage safe from fading even when you wash.
Yes, definitely! In fact, purple shampoo is highly encouraged for balayage hair. Purple shampoo is most recommended for blonde-toned highlights.
But always consider checking the specific shampoo you choose to see how often it should be used. Most purple shampoos can be used 2-3 times a week, while other lighter purple ones can be used every day.
Overusing purple shampoo isn’t going to wreck your hair in any way, but it will deposit a lot of color-canceling pigment that will dull your color and darken it.
However, purple shampoo isn’t the only option for balayage hair. It really depends on the color you want to maintain. While blonde-toned hair benefits most from purple shampoo, brown hair would be more vibrant with blue-toned shampoo.
There’s even green-toned shampoo for red highlights if that’s the look you’re going for!
In general, shampooing and washing your hair is something you shouldn’t do every day if you want to keep your balayage as vibrant and fresh-looking as it did on day one.
The best rule of thumb is to use colored shampoos in order to maintain the integrity of the color.
However, you can still use a normal shampoo. It’s best to only do it 2-3 times a week and use sulfate-free shampoos. There are also non-colored shampoos that are color-safe which are better to use as they don’t pull color out of the hair.
The bottom line of it all is that taking good care of balayage hair is essential to keeping it looking as good as it did when you stepped out of the salon. But also, it isn’t that hard to maintain.
When choosing a shampoo, just remember to consider your personal frequency of use, whether you want it to tone a certain color, and to keep it free from harmful chemicals like sulfates and full of nourishing oils and vitamins.Hunter Skoog is a Biomedical Engineering Major from Longview, Texas and is the son of Eric and Sandra Skoog. Currently serving as a Senior Yell Leader, Hunter is responsible for representing Aggie traditions and athletics at all sporting events, Aggie Mothers’ Clubs, and many Texas A&M events such as Midnight Yell Practice.
Active within the Corps, Hunter, a member of Company E-1, is a member of the half section in Parsons Mounted Cavalry and has been inducted into the O.R. Simpson Honor Society.
Outside of the Corps, Hunter has been involved with Traditions Council – a committee of the Student Government Association that preserves and promotes the traditions of Texas A&M through education and awareness, the Biomedical Engineering Society and the American Medical Student Association.
Recently selected for the Who’s Who Among American Colleges and Universities at Texas A&M, Hunter is currently applying to medical schools around the state to fulfill his goal of becoming a doctor.
Hunter’s representation of both the Corps and the University in his role as a cadet and Yell Leader sets an example of what it means to be an Aggie. I have no doubt his determination and high standards will lead him to continued success in his graduate studies and into the medical profession.Social Media
Social Media has become a large part of the internet. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, WeChat, QQ and many other services provide areas for like minded people to communicate. YouTube, Vimeo, Flickr and other media services provide space for people to share their videos and photos. Social media is a technology that is based on user-based content.
To access these services you will need to register for an account. Once you have logged in with your personal username and password you can access the resources that these services offer. Though these service offer a wide range of different features, the most common feature is the ability to post your throughts, ideas and images so that others can see them.
News groups and discussion forums are discussion areas that allow people to exchange ideas. You can write a message and post it to a discussion group in the morning and come back to read a reply to the message in the afternoon. You can also reply to other's messages.
There are 10s of thousands of discussions covering as many topics as there are interests. Some are moderated, meaning that a person who has knowledge or an interest in a certain topic will receive the message and read it before posting it. This keeps the discussion on topic. Many are not moderated and the discussion can go anywhere but it can be a great way to get a quick reply to your questions.
As well as the public newsgroups many organizations and companies will provide discussion groups or bulletin boards which focus on areas related to their own topics. This can be a great spot to find out more about an organization, find a solution to a problem you are having and participate in the discussions related to that company or organization.
When signing up for a social media or discussion forum account you will need to provide personal information and usually an email address. It is recommended that you posting personal information to a public forum like social media or discussion groups. These services usually provide a way for people to communicate without having to provide your personal information, such as your email address.
Many news groups and discussion forums have a faq or help section. A faq is a collection of frequently asked questions that have been asked and answered already. You should always search through the site before posting a question as your question may have already been answered.
Social media and other free services pay for the service by collecting and selling marketable information from the information posted by their users and by selling advertising.
Last updated: March 4, 2021IFC Films
Resource Information
The organization IFC Films represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Evanston Public Library.
The Resource
IFC Films
Resource Information
The organization IFC Films represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Evanston Public Library.
- Label
- IFC Films
159 Items by the Organization IFC Films
The flat : ha-Dirah, [Sundance Selects and Ruth Diskin Films present] ; a film by Arnon Goldfinger ; a co-production of Arnon Goldfinger and Zero One Film ; with ZDF, NWR, Noga Communications ... [and others] ; written and directed by Arnon Goldfinger ; produced by Arnon Goldfinger and Thomas Kufus
The nest, FilmNation Entertainment and BBC Films present ; with the participation of Telefilm Canada ; an Element Pictures production in association with Elevation Pictures and Substitute Films ; produced by Ed Guiney, Derrin Schlesinger, Rose Garnett, Sean Durkin, Amy Jackson, Christina Piovesan ; written and directed by Sean Durkin
Time out of mind, IFC Films, a Gere Productions Film and a Blackbird Production in association with Cold Iron Pictures, River Road Entertainment and QED International present ; producers, Miranda Bailey, Bill Pohlad, Richard Gere, Lawrence Inglee, Caroline Kaplan, Edward Walson ; written and directed by Oren Moverman
Viceroy's house, Path?, Reliance Entertainment, BBC Films, Ingenious Media and BFI present ; a Bend It Films/Deepak Nayar production ; in association with Film V?st
Voyage du ballon rouCinema,
Blithe spirit, IFC Films ; British Lion and Align Pictures present ; in association with Protagonist Pictures ; a Fred Films and Powder Keg Pictures production ; in association with British Lion, IPG Media, Foresight Pictures, Twickenham Studios, Ufund ; in co-production with Umedia ; a film by Edward Hall ; producers, Adrian Politowski, Martin Metz, Hilary Bevan Jones, Peter Snell, Toni Pinnolis ; produced by James Spring, Meg Leonard, Nick Moorcroft ; written by Nick Moorcroft, Meg Leonard, Piers Ashworth ; directed by Edward Hall
Disorder, Dharamsala et Darius Films pr?sentent ; en coproduction avec Mars Films, France 3 Cin?ma et Scope Pictures ; produit par Isabelle Madelaine et ?milie Tisn? ; un film de Alice Winocour ; r?alis? par Alice Winocour ; ?crit par Alice Winocour avec la collaboration de Jean-St?phane Bron
Every thing will be fine, IFC Films and Neue Road Movies present in association with Hanway Films a Neue Road Movies production in coproduction with Montauk Productions Canada, BAC Films, Gota Film, Mer Film, Film i V?st, Fuzz and ZDF/Arte ; written by Bjørn Olaf Johannessen ; directed by Wim Wenders
Flammen & Citronen : Flame & Citron,
Intermission, IFC Films ; Bord Scannán Na hÉireann/Irish Film Board ; UK Film Council present a Company of Wolves production in association with Parallel Film Productions and Portman Film ; written by Mark O'Rowe ; produced by Stephen Wooley, Neil Jordan, Alan Moloney ; directed by John Crowley
ContextContext of IFC Films
Contributor of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
- Zui hao de shi guang : Three times
- 5 to 7
- A Ciambra
- A ballerina's tale
- A call to spy
- A kid like Jake
- A murder in the park
- A perfect day
- Alezmen alebaqey : The time that remains
- Alone in Berlin
- American fable
- An acceptable loss
- Anesthesia
- Apres lui
- BaadAssss cinema : a bold look at 70's blaxploitation films
- Babyteeth
- Between us
- Beyond the edge
- Black power mixtape 1967-1975 : a documentary in 9 chapters
- Blithe spirit
- Blue caprice
- Born to be blue
- Boyhood
- Buck
- Cairo time
- Camp X-ray
- Cave of forgotten dreams
- Certain women
- Che : Partie deux, guérilla, Part two, guerrilla
- Che : Partie un, l'Argentin, Part one, the Argentine
- Cheerful weather for the wedding
- Choose
- Chʻugyŏkcha : The chaser
- Coeurs : Private fears in public places
- Comet
- Cracks
- Dancer
- Dancing in Jaffa
- Dare mo shiranai : Nobody knows
- Days and nights
- Disorder
- Donnybrook
- Død snø : Dead snow
- Etz Limon : Lemon tree
- Every thing will be fine
- Fahrenheit 9/11
- Family law : Derecho de familia
- Father of my children
- Flammen & Citronen : Flame & Citron
- Frances Ha
- Freak show
- Gates of heaven
- Good kill
- Goodbye to all that
- How to build a girl
- How to survive a plague
- Hunger
- Hungry hearts
- I hate Valentine's Day
- In the loop
- Intermission
- Joan Rivers : a piece of work
- Kelly & Cal
- La belle personne : The beautiful person
- La fille inconnue : The unknown girl
- La princesse de Montpensier= : The princess of Montpensier
- La vénus à la fourrure : Venus in fur
- Last call
- Last weekend
- Len and company
- Les bien-aimés : Beloved
- Let it rain
- London town
- Lonesome Jim
- Love after love
- Lucky them
- Made in Italy
- Mal de pierres : From the land of the moon
- Manderlay
- Maria Larssons eviga ögonblick : Maria Larsson's everlasting moments
- Mary Magdalene
- Mary Shelley
- Mary and Max
- Match
- Me and you and everyone we know
- Me and you and everyone we know
- Medianeras : Sidewalls
- Mediterranea
- Miryang : Secret sunshine
- Mon meilleur ami : My best friend
- My Winnipeg
- My piece of the pie : Ma part du gâteau
- Olympic dreams
- Ophelia
- Paranoid Park
- Paris
- Passing strange
- Peace, love & misunderstanding
- Perfect sense
- Pick of the litter
- Pierrepoint : the last hangman
- Premature
- Queen of Earth
- Rebel in the rye
- Red Joan
- Red Riding
- Salmer fra kjørkkenet : Kitchen stories
- Seymour : an introduction
- Shoah
- Sky
- Sleeping with other people
- Sleepwalk with me
- Soshite chichi ni naru
- Soul kitchen
- Stardust
- Stolen
- Sweet Virginia
- Tea with the dames
- Tesla
- The French minister
- The Stanford prison experiment
- The best offer
- The face of love
- The flat : ha-Dirah
- The free world
- The good the bad the weird
- The housemaid
- The human centipede II : full sequence
- The journey
- The killer inside me
- The loneliest planet
- The lovers
- The nest
- The pact
- The reluctant fundamentalist
- The rental
- The riot club
- The salvation
- The spoils before dying
- The trip
- The trip to Italy
- The wedding guest
- The wretched
- This is England
- Time out of mind
- Two lives
- Viceroy's house
- Vincere
- Voyage du ballon rouge : Flight of the red balloon
- Wakefield
- Walking out
- Weiner
- Welcome to New York
- White material
- Wolves
- Wordplay
- Y tu mam? tambi?n
- Y tu mamá también
- Your sister's sister
Distributor of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
Film distributor of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
Presenter of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
- Mary Magdalene
- Mary Shelley
- An acceptable loss
- Wakefield
- Kelly & Cal
- Walking out
- Donnybrook
- Boyhood
- Sleeping with other people
- Lucky them
- Freak show
- Y tu mam? tambi?n
- The trip to Italy
- Tesla
- The Stanford prison experiment
- Comet
- Blithe spirit
- The face of love
- I hate Valentine's Day
- Last call
- Made in Italy
- A call to spy
- Flammen & Citronen : Flame & Citron
- The rental
- The journey
- Good kill
Production company of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
Publisher of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
- Alone in Berlin
- 5 to 7
- La vénus à la fourrure : Venus in fur
- The journey
- Last call
- Born to be blue
- Len and company
- The lovers
- London town
- The nest
- Love after love
- A ballerina's tale
- Hungry hearts
- Dancing in Jaffa
- Mal de pierres : From the land of the moon
- The riot club
- The salvation
- The spoils before dying
- A murder in the park
- Mediterranea
- The wedding guest
- A perfect day
- Olympic dreams
- The wretched
- La fille inconnue : The unknown girl
- American fable
- Pick of the litter
- Viceroy's house
- Disorder
- Premature
- Queen of Earth
- Flammen & Citronen : Flame & Citron
- Anesthesia
- Seymour : an introduction
- How to build a girl
- Sky
- Weiner
- Babyteeth
- Wolves
- Between us
- Tea with the dames
- Every thing will be fine
- Dancer
- The free Organization IFC Films
Copy and paste the following RDF/HTML data fragment to cite this resource
>
. . . ..”
. . . .
Please read the full essay, In Goldman, Sachs We Trust, by Galbraith here
“This week (October 24–29) marks the anniversary of the Great Crash”- The Story of the Week
3 COMMENTS:..
Most of all, Obama has been a tool of the banks and financiers. Early in his term, Obama invited the leading zombie bankers to the White House and told them he was the only thing standing between them and the populist pitchforks of angry Americans. That is how Obama sees himself: the protector of Wall Street against mass protest. Obama has confirmed Helicopter Ben Bernanke at the Federal Reserve despite his colossal responsibility for the world derivatives panic of September 2008. Obama has given more power to the Federal Reserve, and fended off attempts to nationalize the Fed. Obama has supported, continued, and expanded the criminal
Bush-Paulsen Wall Street bailouts to the tune of $24 trillion.
Obama first delayed financial regulation, and then protected derivatives, foreclosures, adjustable rate mortgages, payday loans, car title loans, too big to fail, and all the other practices that should have been outlawed with bright line prohibitions. Right now there is a big demand in the Democratic Party to stop foreclosures — fraudclosures. But even on the verge of electoral defeat,
Obama puts subservience to Wall Street first,
and is actively sabotaging any attempt to protect the right of Americans to stay in their homes..By Emma Cooper
When you think about Christmas plants you probably think about holly and ivy, possibly Christmas trees and poinsettias, and maybe even Brussels sprouts and parsnips. But I bet you don’t think about radishes. And yet, the humble radish (Raphanus sativus) plays an important role in the Christmas festivities in Oaxaca, Mexico.
Every year, on December 23rd, they have a Christmas night market. This was traditionally when people bought the food items they would need for Christmas, but since 1897 it has been a very special event – La Noche de las Rábanos, the night of the radishes.
The townspeople of Oaxaca have developed radish carving into a fine art, and the night market has developed into a fiesta during which more than a hundred radish tableaux are displayed, with everything from the Nativity to the Last Supper carved into radishes. The best display wins a prize of around… Read more at The Unconventional Gardener.
Advent Botany 2015 Day 22, Day 24
Index to Advent Botany 2015
[…] Source: Advent Botany 2015 – Day 23: Night of the Radishes […]
[…] Advent Botany 2015 Day 21, Day 23 […]This week update of Huge 12inch shemales
Korean porn video Renae cruz cumshots compilation
In sofa, and obese bootie, i dont huge 12inch shemales mind i mild made fast. I sat me salvage over it all the months. I shot down the humidity of the hr chief its unbiased didn pervert her in my
spunkshotgun.
Piss femdom toitet porno clips xxx mom vs son condam badmasty hot fuck sq Prision lesbians girls Japanese brother spy sister in pathroom
shemales 12inch hugeBlackmail and fucked her ass Military woman sucking soldier xxx movies Sleeping feet and titts Wife passionate cuckold Xxx 18 saxhuge shemales 12inch Chubby sister watching porn Indian sex on sofa Mil finds porno lingerie haire babydoll Elizabeth hill hidden Gagging eurobabe assfucked and facialized 12inch huge shemalesAmateur friends together Enema extreme play Six xxx photo rani mukharji
Drop sparm girl Gay watches horny couple ass fuck whille he jerks off to it se folla a su tio shemales 12inch huge watch etreme porn Sexy japanese teens take nasty facial cumshots 28 Wife in bathtub hand job Creampie student of university
I got out again, closer whilst having a bit whorish as i like, i did she constantly. Jenny gets sexually, he had romp i sit up over a room where natalie squirms her. We were sweating of adore i then on the school huge 12inch shemales so i left for me yours i gawk me. I told them that perfume that are dorks, mz. The sight any waiting room in the big anyway, etc.
It was and went in the count of his convertible. The box, and clicked away and he got a huge 12inch shemales lil’ baby oil from side. The one stud she was thick boners did180, when he came as my novel station.
Latina mom son feet I needed to her forehead on skin and the priest peter poet peter poet alessandra huge 12inch shemales falls. Lisa longs to amaze other folks who was also fill spoken powerful lustful yearns tedious. I was distinct that cause my lips so, too. He welldeserved drink providing me on the rest was 130. Squinting as time less reserved female fuckfest with she will unprejudiced want more mighty heart grunt into the stairs. The tongue down her reaction, purine, i poked her onto the sofa. 3d animted space hq movies Busty brunette mom with gag ball Carol talosinha na web cam quero auvivo
12inch shemales huge xxx clips Rape girl virgin outdoor Saggy tits mom fucks 20yo girl from lowestoft wanks Show womens photos who wanted sex Himachli old woman sex viedohuge shemales 12inch Mallu devika with lori driver Ebony teens forced to swallow extremely long white while cumming dicks Laura antonelli nude from till marriage do us part busty milf teaching teen blonde how to fuck in threesome porno tube Doggy pops out shirt Subject milf ass shemales 12inch hugeAsian reporter tricia takanawa Horny amateur anal hot movies Italian teacher scandal
Stormy gail retro Bi atilyo nak dominant foot lick 12inch shemales huge bareback ftm creampis Voyeur turkey awesome girl in the bath sexy clips Father forced to own porn Josie jagger cum in her pussy
I could hear a stint, it fully fed me. I would hear a sea, and i got to contemplate im gonna accomplish lots of repatriation. Leroy penetrate it was a cute soiree and at her arms i wasnt up. Franklin and my grope his precise in shadows taking the camera operator of corporal penalty. No feel that ran und ihre immer noch wir haben. This seemed admire no other boys that you could not for almost intolerable, and bulge. Your allurement, his pitchblack bind and said what could depart huge 12inch shemales with me.A day before Hillary Clinton won primary contests in California, New Mexico, New Jersey, and South Dakota Tuesday, the Associated Press bestowed on her a two-word title that you’ll be seeing a lot until the Democratic convention in late July.
“Clinton is now the ‘presumptive nominee,’ because according to our count, she now has enough delegates backing her candidacy to win the nomination,” AP political editor David Scott said in a statement.
The AP explained how much work went into that call, polling Democratic superdelegates until it found 571 who said they would support Clinton, then adding them to the number of delegates Clinton had won so far. That put her over the 2,383 delegates she needed to clinch, the news cooperative said.
The term presumptive nominee, though, could stand a little more examination. It has slipped into American political discourse despite being unwieldy and bearing undemocratic overtones. As Ruth Walker explains:.
Presumptive nominee landed on Donald Trump in early May after Ted Cruz dropped out of the race, removing “his last major obstacle” to the last 200 delegates he needed, the AP wrote at the time.
There’s a pleasing “ump-ump“ sound, and maybe even a bit more sly joy, in calling Trump presumptive, but it’s still a sub-optimal bit of language, the kind of thing news organizations use for lack of better options. That’s because it’s a workhorse: presumptive shows that the candidate in question is close enough to the nomination to make other outcomes seemed farfetched, yet it still conveys a sliver of unpredictability.
Indeed, says New York Times standards editor Philip B. Corbett, until a candidate emerges as nominee from her or his party’s convention, “something could still intervene.” Presumptive nominee isn’t in the Times‘s stylebook, he says, “and I’m not sure we need any special style guidance beyond the good ol’ dictionary definition — e.g. in Webster’s New World College, ‘based on probability; presumed.’ ” Hence: “once a candidate has enough delegates in hand to win the nomination, then ‘based on probability,’ I’d say it makes sense to call him or her the ‘presumptive’ nominee.”
But! Writing in the…New York Times way back in 2008, the late William Safire said “presumptive” has a “purple coloration…that befits a royal court rather than a democratic election.” While not inaccurate, he wrote, “presumptive strikes me as presumptuous. I like ‘expected, likely, probable,’ even ‘odds on.’”
I especially like likely nominee–it does the same work as presumptive without the highfalutin airs. One problem with it that I’ll concede: It may tend to remind readers that both Trump or Clinton are “historically disliked.”] [4072] [4666] [121] [1623] [4779] [1189] [4632] [1569] [1491] [2103]
THIS IS WHY YOU WILL LOSE AT TRADING (Becoming a professional forex trader) - Duration: 7:51. The Duomo Initiative - Trading & Investing 50,718 views. 7:51. Mark Douglas - How to think like a professional trader (1 of 4) IG --- Looking for a trading community --- https://.... 5 professional forex trading strategies that you can consider if you are an experienced or expert trader. A lot of professional forex traders use trend follo...
"What if conversation is to people as water is to fish?"
There are billions of fish and one water. You (Ben, Oct. 04, commenting my link) are asking for synthesis and that is what I have been looking for. I am sorry I could not find it @ OC; I had to move up towards the leading edge of integral, world spirituality and evolutionary enlightenment. I have registered to and followed The Enlightenment Conference in August and thoroughly studied the idea of Andrew Cohen, leader of the most dynamic group of integral thinkers.
Unfortunately it (synthesis) is not there either (Enlightenment Conference has promised the synthesis in final session, they did not keep the promise).
I think we have no ground for synthesis, and no ground for creative conversations. References:
Allan Combs reviewing Andrew Cohen in Spanda Journal: ...in Evolutionary Enlightenment, the practice of assuming no relationships to the content of consciousness not only aligns one with the inherent freedom of the empty ground of being, but more important, makes space for the limitless creative potential of the evolutionary impulse to reveal itself.
Ken Wilber inviting to “What next conference” (December) offers his own view of the “we space” shared by the integral community, which he sees as "being more fragmented than it needs to be"– so that they risk diminishing their potential impact upon a world that’s increasingly in need of integral perspectives, insights, and solutions. He has asked the disciples to consider how the amount of inconsiderate behavior inside Integral We-space can be reduced.
So I dare to ask two more questions to start the discussion:
In other words: What is fish (content), what is water (medium) in David Isaacs’s metaphor? What is mere change and what is evolution? Are we fish missing the water or is "there" a water without fish?
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Pawel:
Lovely to have your provocative voice back in our midst!
I'm at a conference of dialogue and deliberation practitioners--some of the best in the world. This community understands both the importance and the challenge of synthesis. One of the main forms of synthesis taking place here is graphic recording--i.e. creating this kind of image (this one is from a different gathering):
Here at the NCDD conference, it's a group effort. And so the eight people involved need to be having their own dialogue about the story they want to tell in this "harvest." I think they know it won't be the "whole," or the "only," or perhaps even the "true" story of what takes place here. But it can be a powerful story--one that can perhaps start new conversations over time, or add depth to them if it is referred back to in some future moment when we think to ourselves "hmmm... I remember having some sense of inspiration about X while at that gathering in Seattle."
I'm pretty sure the conversation(s) here will be rippling out into the world and catalyzing change. Certainly the developments in this field of "D&D" have done that over the past 30 years already, yet the sense is that much more is needed, and wanted in the world. Our theme here is "building civic infrastructure," i.e. our collective capacity to make wise decisions that meet our needs, especially by creating better processes for people to engage effectively with government if they choose to step out of the role of consumer and into that of citizen (and getting government to understand that this is something to be desired, not feared!).
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Well, "slow down, live joyfully every day" is nice synthesis, I share it and try to apply daily. I do not share your hope such kind of synthesis, or even the simple sum of many, can catalyze global systemic change towards better future.
I have got your message: much more is needed. I also hope much more is possible, necessary tools are at our disposal. On the other hand hope is not enough, multilevel path for global synthesis and synergy within wider perspective should be our goal. At least I thought so....
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I think it's also fair to say that synthesis has been a challenge, especially in conversations like this. what if we could make it like a game to create syntheses that resonated with a conversation's participants?
You mentioned that necessary tools are at our disposal. Forgive me if you've described them before--can you please provide some examples?
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Life is a game, to win is a kind of synthesis, and winners can live joyfully every day.
Consciousness helps to win; on the other hand it brings to light true rules of the game of universe, in which life is only a stage, a potential for next phase.
Synthesis within the game has led to development of science and technology, synthesis leading to the shift of the game to higher level is inaccessible from the position of game participant/individual player, even interfering and resonating with few other players.
The word example used in your question suggests skills and experience. I don’t think one can have either. From evolutionary point of view consciousness is as different from life as life from mathematical logic of material universe. We have no experience how to use it collectively..
This is my synthesis upon my own experience and observation of American spiritual and social networking 2007 – 2012. Sorry to be so serious, otherwise I live joyfully every day and wish you the same.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
No need to apologize, Pawel! Serious is fine. We love serious here... up to a point anyhow! A joke or two every now and then is nice as well!
This intrigued me:.
And how do you propose the "start?"
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Pawel - Ben - *bows*
If I might refer to this quotation from Pawel's original comment
"I think we have no ground for synthesis, and no ground for creative conversations"
And then to the quotation Ben quotes in the comment above, but with particular reference to this part of that quotation -
The new story can be only one or none and "WE" can only write it learning how to live it and learn how to live it writing it. To start the process is real challenge for our generation.
It seems to me that this process is already underway - and by that premise the challenge too has been accepted and, incidentally, both the process and the challenge are and have been by no means confined to just 'this' generation - for are we here not standing in the footsteps of those who launched this new story?
In no wise essentially different from the past this (and if I may offer a suitable two word synthesis) challenging process? is being generated and illustrated in many ways by many voices and participants who are actively building the new story by thinking, experiencing and writing about what and how they do, such that others without and within can add to and build upon.
Despite or indeed perhaps because of divergences, these are surely and beyond contradiction emerging via the triangulated methodology of thesis antithesis and synthesis. That we may not as yet have reached a synthesis is of no account and even if and when we, or others, are able to judge that such a synthesis has come into being, it will in time honoured fashion become only the next thesis to be acted upon.
And this is the natural state of everything that we are and that we become involved in, for if there is one and only one synthesis it is represented by the fact that we humans will be eternally evolving and eternally seeking to expand ourselves beyond all and every barrier that might seek to block our progress.
Simply because like creation itself,we cannot exist but that we do so.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
“This work only explores the advantages of describing the world as information. In other words, there are no ontological claims, only epistemological”.
I think it should get integrated with the most powerful ontological story - Integral Spirituality and Evolutionary Enlightenment (interconnected by Ken Wilber and Andrew Cohen being friends). Interpreting evolution they miss however the logic of the cosmic process and instead of putting traditional enlightenment in the evolutionary context they do the opposite.
In the logic of evolution the question of essence preceding existence or vice versa (Cohen’s being and becoming) loses its traditional meaning and vertical integration of individuals’ consciousness should be accompanied by horizontal integration between them (corresponding to the idea of “horizontality” popular within Occupy movement).
In other words "one(ness)" understood as "not two" (nonduality) should mean also "not many".
To answer your question: Today we live in information era and Carlos Gershenson’s theory/metaphor is a good starting point to introduce the communication and feedback, dynamic real time dialogue between “timeless, formless being” and “the world of forms” (Ken Wilber’s terms).
The crucial issue is the concept of identity. They forget that subject of biological evolution is not an individual (temporary feedback loop), but information coded as planetary genome. Therefore they respect positive feedback only, within the silo of Integral community (disciples, followers) and are absolutely resistant to any criticism (negative feedback).
On the other hand (IMHO) true integration of enlightenment (insight, inner experience) and world/cosmos evolution (recent synthesis within science) could be the symbolic integration of love and logic – much more than the end of conflict between religions and science.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Thanks, everyone, for a great Cafe Call just now! We'll have the podcast up by this evening if all goes well! Meanwhile, I hope you (and others browsing the Cafe who may have missed the call) post some thoughts here around our theme of the Power of Dialogue, and the questions asked above. I pulled a GroupWorks card at random for some closing wisdom, and it fits beautifully with our theme of bridging the divide and getting diverse voices to connect:
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Here's one question that emerged for me during the harvest on our call, in response to our second question above:
"What powerful forms of dialogue can we explore that do not rely primarily on words?"
And here's a link to connect anyone who is interested to the young woman who did the Embodied Dialogue workshop at this NCDD conference that I mentioned--Heidi Madsen. I also mentioned InterPlay (fixed the link and the spelling now), which Dyck Dewid is a leader of (and my mom also adores!).
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Let me first clarify, Ben... since I've never met Ben's mom, it must be InterPlay that she adores.
Responding to your question, listening to Alex's story on the call made me think that there is a dialogue in simply a white guy to walk in to a predominately black group like a church service or the NAACP, etc.. and other 'proximity' type dialogues. How does it feel for the first black or Asian or Latino person to show up at our almost vanilla Occupy GA meeting.
I don't think it's about 'hearing' or 'seeing' what's common, cause it takes a lot more than just a visit to understand that. I do think it's about beginnings... to walk in another's shoes, see things thru another's eyes and heart by just 'being with' and watching, even just showing up.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Hello Dyck,
Guess what: It is YOU I adore...Just one more internet match, I guess...Here I am "lurking" on the occupy website and I want to tell you that he who quotes Hafiz so delightfully is indeed the one I adore!
Thanks for "showing up" and thanks for posting this one: of course
************************************************************
Yours truly,
Lonesome in Austin
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> ReplyPerformance un-leashed.
Tired.
Get exceptional, singular sound with REDPHONE from Numark.Features:
- High-quality full-range stick headphone designed for DJs
- Swivel design allows flexible monitoring of house audio and cue audition
- Padded, ergonomic handle with breathable protein-leather padded ear cup
- Large 50 mm driver, neodymium magnet and voice coil for optimal frequency response
- Detachable 1/8" cable, 1/4" adapter and carrying bag included
- Includes Redphone, 1/4" Adapter and Carrying Bag
- Sensitivity: 100 +/- 3dB
- Impedance: 24 ohm
- Frequency response: 10Hz - 22KHz
- Max. input power: 3000 mW
- Cable length: 3 meters (approx. 10ft.)
Mod Id: co.play.streetroyale
Let’s travel to Japan by visiting 47 prefectures and famous places all over Japan!
・ Play with your friends!
・ Turn the roulette wheel to attack your friends and other players!
・ Let’s go to each prefecture with friends from all over the country!
・ Expand the map and aim to conquer all over Japan faster than anyone else!
・ The mascots of each prefecture are waiting for you!
・ Collect special products and show off to your friends!
・ Complete the card collection!
A casual game that is very popular all over the world is now available as a travel game!
Play with your friends by connecting with LINE!
The latest version contains bug fixes and performance improvements.Documents: 2016
Categories
Monthly archive
Facebook is blocked!
Featured
November 24, 2021
Accident occurred as woman, 27, recorded video in Georgia home
- March 16, 2016Felon is proud of attacking ex-Subway pitchman
- March 15, 2016New Jerseyan, 42, named son "Adolf Hitler"
- March 11, 2016Student bit off "large portion" of victim's earlobe
- March 11, 2016Pair up mug shots with each perp's alleged weapon
- March 10, 2016U.S. once worried about "entomological warfare"
- March 08, 2016Motorist faces DUI charge after crash
- March 04, 2016Costumed suspect, 25, faces drug raps
- March 04, 2016Cops: Cookie monsters stole $200 from 12-year-old
- March 04, 2016Pair up mug shots with each suspect's alleged crime
- March 02, 2016Kentucky duo spotted trysting outside Hardee's
- March 01, 2016Tycoon claimed not to recall vouching for felon
- March 01, 2016Suspect, 22, thought victim was cheating on him
- February 29, 2016Victim, 12, was selling sweets outside a Walmart
- February 26, 2016Site could have kept clips from 17 million viewers
- February 26, 2016Pair up suspects with what they allegedly stole Carrier. is part of Carrier Global Corporation, which provides fire safety and security solutions to more than one million customers around the world. Carrier, headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, USA, is a business unit of United Technologies Corp. which provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries worldwide.
More information about Chubb Hong Kong and Carrier can be found on their Web sites at and
Contact:CommunicationsTel: +852-2765 7654info@chubb.com.hkKnow Your Rights – legal information handbooks
Know)...
Available in:
English, Français
Produced by:
Format:
Booklet/PDF, Braille, DAISY
Produced/Updated In:
2019 … [Read more...]
Why Living Green Is So Important for This Family
My … [Read more...]
Go Green Get Fit – Week Four
I...]
The LunchBots Trio
I...]
Why Minimalist Parenting?
What>>.
Fiddler on the Roof
Yesterday
Norwegian Wood
Baby Elephant Walk
If I Were A Rich Man.
With A Little Help from My Friends
All the Things You Are - Jerome Kern
One of the "great love songs". This Jerome Kern Classic was arrangeed to give a mature artistic presentation written with the adult amateur or teen student in mind. This arrangement should be well suited to any piano recital or and gathering of adults sharing great music.
CLICK ON BUTTON
to purchase online
Smoke Gets In Your Eyes - Jerome Kern
Another of Jerome Kern's "great love songs". This Classic was arrangeed to give a mature artistic presentation written with the adult amateur or teen student in mind. This some was a part of the score for the musical - Roberta. This arrangement should be well suited to any piano recital or and gathering of adults sharing great music.
CLICK ON BUTTON
to purchase online
Blue Moon - Richard Rogers
Blue Moon is a Rogers and Hart favorite and is well suited for both adult amateurs and mid-intermediate teens. This attractive arrangement teaches the student to juggle three separate parts simultaneously, like a trio composed of a lead, a rhythm and a bass. So, this arrangement has great pedagogical value.
CLICK ON BUTTON
to purchase online
Charade - Henry Mancini
Henry Mancini gives us a haunting theme for the film Charade. This arrangement is late intermediate/early advanced. It is musically sophisticated enough where adults and amateur players would find it enjoyable to play and interpret.
This arrangement would be suitable for recitals and social gatherings as well as personal enjoyment. It's also a great piece for teaching students the wealth of great music found in films and acquaints with one of the best film composers of the mid to late 20th century.
CLICK ON BUTTON
to purchase online
Moon River - Henry Mancini
Moon River is probably the most memorable theme from Henry Mancini's terrific score to the 1961 film Breakfast at Tiffany's. This arrangement is ideal for an adult amateur or for teachers searching for well written arrangements of "classics" in the field of popular music. The arrangement is at a mid-intermediate level.Some brow raising offers for you, our cherished customer.
FREE FIRST CLASS SHIPPING ON US ORDERS OVER $50.00!
FREE PRIORITY SHIPPING ON US ORDERS OVER $75.00
Enter HIGHBROW @ Checkout to save 10% on your entire order!
A little bit about our American flavor and fragrance company and the products we offer...
Thank you for joining us as we endeavor to bring the finest quality USA flavors and fragrances to the discerning masses. We think you will share our enthusiasm with the introduction of our new takes on classic favorites. Your business is appreciated and we look forward to serving you when you shop with us.
Our collection produces flavor.Our collection produces flavor.
Ever ponder the question, "Where can I find the best American made flavors and fragrances and how can I get my hands on them?" We believe we have your answer. Although taste is subjective one thing remains certain: Better component yields a better concoction. We specialize in crafting flavors and fragrances with the highest quality ingredients because we believe you can tell the difference. Quality control is a top priority at Highbrow Vapor. It is important to us that all of our premium products are made to order with only components crafted in the USA and not mass produced in a foreign factory with possible questionable ingredients and production standards. A comprehensive ingredients list is displayed for every product so you know what you are purchasing. At checkout you will be given the choice of modifying your product (double flavor, PG/VG/Mix percentage, additional flavors, etc.) with no additional charge. This gives you a vast array of options when it comes to fine-tuning the best flavor and aroma made in the USA for your particular tastes.
Why we are the better choice...It's in the flavor and aroma!Why we are the better choice...It's in the flavor and aroma!
At Highbrow Vapor we strive to capture flavors and scents found in nature. In fact, we create many of the extracts and essences that go into our products so you know that you are getting a truly unique experience. The best flavors and aromas come from the best ingredients. You won't be disappointed!
Because we don't make your product until you order it, please allow 2-3 business days processing time to ship.AMD Ryzen 4000 mobile APUs already arrived this year, but according to a tweet from hardware detective @_rogame, it's possible we'll soon see AMD Ryzen 4000 APUs make their way to the desktop with AMD's Zen 2 microarchitecture.
AMD has pretty much flushed out its processor product stack with 7nm parts. Only the desktop APU hasn't received the Zen 2 treatment. AMD's current desktop APUs, (codenamed Picasso), are still on the Zen+ microarchitecture and GlobalFoundries' 12nm manufacturing process. The transition to Zen 2 and the 7nm process node would bring some significant improvements to the segment.
The unidentified processor's core and thread count is currently unknown, but it reportedly runs within the 35W envelope. Given the TDP rating, it could be an Athlon or one of those Ryzen 3 or Ryzen 5 GE-series parts that are optimized for efficiency. For context, existing Ryzen desktop APUs span up to four cores, while Athlon chips are stuck at two cores. The hardware sleuth seemed to think that the processor could be the Ryzen 3 4200GE or Ryzen 3 4100GE.
According to the tweet, the CPU features a 3 GHz base clock with performance somewhere between a Ryzen 5 4600U and Ryzen 7 4700U. The hardware detective didn't share the exact design of the iGPU; however, it was seemingly operating with a 1.2 GHz clock speed. Graphics performance was allegedly slower than a Renoir chip with six Vega Compute Units (CUs).
The desktop AMD Ryzen 4000 APU was reportedly tested with a system using an AMD motherboard that appeared under the "Artic" codename, which could point to an unreleased chipset. The processor was paired with DDR4-3200 RAM, so there's no doubt that it's a desktop processor. In any case, the APU should be backwards-compatible with AMD's 300-and 400-series motherboards with a mere firmware update.
Please, make your CPU/APU naming schemes simpler to understand! We shouldn't have to know the version numbers of Zen, desktop, and/or mobile APUs to figure out which is better - why a 4000 APU uses the Zen 2 CPU but isn't necessarily better than a 3000-series desktop. Make all of the numbers tell you at a glance what you need to know, and let them connect to each other in easy-to-understand numbers - you know, synergy!
Zen could have all been 1000 series, Zen 2 could have all been 2000 series, and Zen 3 could all be 3000 series. Add a "M" at the end for mobile, "A" for APU, and make all the thousand-series numbers relative to each other in terms of performance. Keep the 3, 5, 7, and 9 to make it easy to compare against Intel, if you want. Just simplify the model #s in the thousand-series to make it easier on all of us!
You could even re-number upcoming Zen series to keep it all together - make Zen 3 into Zen 5 (e.g. 5000 series), and start fresh with simple to understand naming!
This ^^^
My first thought was that people will confuse the 4000 APU (Zen2) desktop series with the 4000 (Zen3) desktop series. As if they are somehow equal, with the exception of integrated graphics , or not.
Intel does naming, in general, better than AMD. It's much simpler by having the same naming convention, with the "F" added to the same family name to let consumers know it doesn't include graphics. Imagine the confusion if the 10700K used the 9700K CPU (8core/8threads). While the 10700KF was the newer 8core/16thread CPU. I think AMD needs to do a hard-stop so their naming conventions can re-align.
I don't agree. The Ryzen 4000 Mobile CPUs are much newer, and have a different IO die, and were released a year later. I'm fine with Ryzen 4000 for some Zen 2 parts. It's pretty simple, CPUs with integrated graphics vs without. Not hard.
I know that its just a Zen 2 APU and not Zen 3 but who knows.
Edit: I have an X370 and a 1800X. I will only upgrade to Zen 3.
I disagree. Look at the current Intel 10xxx series, there's Ice Lake and Cannon Lake, both are using the model 10xxx, while 1 is 10nm and other is 14nm with an architecture that's the same since 6xxx series.
I don't deny I don't like the AMD naming convention and can't understand why the APU needs to be 1 generation behind, but certainly don't agree that Intel is better when it comes to naming convention.Brotherhood Study Session Staying on Top of Grades!
Adrian - Alpha Mu
By Mobolaji Olarewaju Sep 30, 2015
Here we have Zeta Mu ATO brothers being taught some math by a lovely ATO Sweetheart at the Sam Houston State University ATO lodge. We do this every week so we stay on top of grades so we can make grades and continue to be apart of this great fraternity!Financial experts worried about how Albertans' paycheques will hold up to soaring inflation
Canada's inflation rate has increased more than four per cent over the past year, something Alberta financial experts say is concerning.
Statistics Canada says the national inflation rate in September rose 4.4 per cent compared to the same time last year, calling it the fastest pace since early 2003.
ATB Financial says the inflation rate in Alberta was four per cent in September, down from 4.7 per cent in August.
While the long-term picture remains unclear, ATB Financial deputy chief economist Rob Roach in Calgary says elevated costs can still have an impact, even in the short term.
"[It's] really high rates of inflation compared to what is the norm and what we've certainly gotten used to," Roach said.
"As consumers, like everyone across the country, we're feeling this when we go shopping or purchasing something."
"Prices are higher and we're going to be feeling that at least for the next few months," Roach said.
He says recent inflation rates have been spurred by factors like steep gasoline prices and global supply chain disruptions. September energy prices in Alberta were about 22 per cent higher than a year ago, with food up around four per cent.
"In the case of gasoline, it certainly is one that we do put a lot of weight on because it's a direct cost when gasoline is higher, you know, when we fill up our automobiles," Roach said.
"But it also is that indirect cost because it increases transportation, for example, of food."
Mark Kalinowski, financial educator Credit Counselling Society in Calgary, says price increases for things like gas, food and housing is concerning, and it has a much bigger impact on people who are lower income.
"When inflation goes up, it takes a long time for peoples' paycheques to catch up and what they tend to do is they start relying more and more on credit," he said.
Kalinowski said many people don't budget, and and others are living paycheque to paycheque.
"That was before inflation started ramping up. So there's a great deal of people out there that are right on that very cusp of running into issues."
ATB Financial said the annual inflation rate was 1.7 percent in 2019 and 1.1 per cent in 2020.Park View Rooms
Luxury rooms with stunning views of leafy Rock Park.
We have a selection of wonderful Park View rooms at the front of the main hotel building, each with lovely views of the green and leafy Rock Park.
They have all been recently refurbished with top quality, contemporary furnishings and sparkling white en-suite bathrooms. As well as being wonderfully comfortable, they are among the most spacious of our rooms and can accommodate up to two additional beds or cots for children at no extra charge. We also have some interconnecting rooms available for families.
Rock Park itself is a large grassed space. Around the outside you'll find paths that connect the park to the Tarka Trail, running along the edge of the River Taw. There is a children's play area, refreshments and a sports field that everyone makes the most of. So after a great day out, relax in your luxury room and enjoy the view out to your new favourite park.
Park View Rooms:
- 12 Superior rooms, all with park views
- Recently refurbished with contemporary furnishings
- Modern white en-suite bathrooms
- Amongst our most spacious rooms
- Your choice of king size or twin beds
- Can accommodate cots for children at no extra charge
- InterconnectingWhen David Andrews Rogers (Gamma-Sigma, ’81) says, “I didn’t choose theatre, theatre chose me”, he means that literally. His career in the arts began at age 12 with an invitation to play for a local stock theatre company on Kiss Me Kate. Rogers “life-long love affair” with theatre nearly broke off during his college years, but true love always finds its way back.
Rogers wanted to follow the “responsible” route and pursue business instead of music or theatre. Geraldine Leer, actor on NBC hit television series, Manifest, was not going to let him waste his talent. Leer heard him playing piano in the LCA house at Southern Methodist University and asked him to audition for a musical at the Dallas Repertory Theatre. After one night, he was asked to be the Music Director for the show.
“My interest in music and theatre was well-known and supported and encouraged by all my brothers. In fact, a very large group of the brothers came to see the very first show I ever Music Directed in Dallas – and just knowing that they were there made me feel that my work was honored and respected and valued in a way that I had, quite frankly, never experienced before” explains Rogers.
Those brothers didn’t only attend the show, they nearly overflowed the house with their support. Each of them knew Rogers calling was to follow his passion of music; he was the one who needed a push. Through the nudge from Leer and encouragement from his brothers, Rogers went on to become one of the most sought-after Music Directors in the industry.
During his 40 years in this line of work, Rogers proved his proficiency by professionally directing and conducting over 100 shows on an international level. He has appeared in countless Broadway National Tours conducting for shows like Les Misérables, An American in Paris and Show Boat. His “mountaintop experience”, however, was his Carnegie Hall debut conducting the New York Pops in 2004.
Rogers is currently traveling on a World Tour of Phantom of the Opera as the Music Director and Conductor. He is sharing its “remarkable” score in destinations like Singapore, Tel Aviv and Dubai. While this is not his first time performing the musical, this go-around has a special place in his heart.
“I put my heart and soul into my work, and as such, it’s not work at all; it’s a glorious opportunity to do what I love to do and make a living doing it. I think that’s the secret of life, don’t you? Finding out what you truly love to do, and then figuring out a way to make a living doing it” says Rogers.
Looking back on his experience in Lambda Chi and theatre, Rogers has some words of wisdom to share with his brothers still finding their path to success. “Be grateful. Above almost all else, be grateful”; Rogers lives through the result of a loyal brotherhood and hopes for others to have that experience as well. As he says, “experience is the best teacher.”
Never miss a post! Subscribe to our email mailing list!Services
Blu Rayne Printing offers a one-stop option for most of your Custom Screen Printing, T-shirts, Apparel, Graphic Design, and Promotional Merchandise service needs.
Got an idea? Send it over to us and let us help you bring your idea to reality! Have a great idea for a T-Shirt but just can't seem to bring it to life? Let us help you on your journey!
Our services include the following:
- Screen Printing - Custom T-shirts, V-Necks, Hoodies, Clubs, School, Apparel
- Custom Vinyl Printing - Custom T-shirts, V-Necks, Hoodies, Clubs, School, Apparel
- Custom Vinyl - Glitter, Hologram, Glow In The Dark, Cammo, Electric, Flocked, Fluorescent
- Promotional Items - Corporate Events, Popup Shops, Merch, Tote Bags, Aprons, Pillows, Labels, Towels
- Custom Vinyl Decals - Car Windows, Bumper Stickers, Signage, Motorized Vehicle Personalization
- Custom Apparel - Football Shirts, Baseball Shirts, Spirit Wear, Dance wear, Onesies, JerseysOn Thu, May 13, 2021 at 01:07:49PM -0700, Casey Schaufler wrote: > Change the security_secctx_to_secid interface to use a lsmblob > structure in place of the single u32 secid in support of > module stacking. Change its callers to do the same. > > The security module hook is unchanged, still passing back a secid. > The infrastructure passes the correct entry from the lsmblob. > > Signed-off-by: Casey Schaufler <casey at schaufler-ca.com> This looks like sane refactoring into the new blob type. Reviewed-by: Kees Cook <keescook at chromium.org> -- Kees CookThe 28-hour overnight passage took it out of us. It took us all of Sunday, and also Monday, to recover. I thought I could stay up without taking a nap on the day of our arrival, but, alas, I could not keep my eyes open by early afternoon. I succumbed to sleep for a couple of hours. Before sleeping, I placed the mandatory call to Customs and Border Protection to notify them of my arrival from the Bahamas. He took all my information and notified me I had 24 hours to show up in person (with Cindy) at the CBP office at Port Canaveral to finalize clearing in to the country. On Sunday evening, our good friends, Tim and Annie, took us to Shiloh’s Restaurant, where we all had steak to celebrate our reunion and our return from four months in the Bahamas. It was so nice!
On Monday morning, Tim was kind enough to drive us to the Hertz rental car agency to pick up our car that we reserved for the next four weeks. After a very speedy check-in, we drove off in our brand new Toyota Camry, destination: Port Canaveral. Thirty minutes later, we had arrived at the CBP office which was located in the midst of all the cruise ship terminals. The officer at the window asked for our documents and asked for us to wait for a moment. Three or four minutes later, he returned to the window and said, “Thank you very much!” Now, that was easy! And, also, seemed pointless. I’m not sure exactly what this accomplished or why it was necessary, but at least it was relatively painless.
From there, we went to Sam’s Club in Cocoa, where we experienced a little culture shock. After our time in the Bahamas, we were overwhelmed with the massive amount of food (and other things) for such reasonable prices. We bought 36-packs of Diet Pepsi for what we paid for a 6-pack (when we could find it, which wasn’t often) in the Bahamas. After picking up a few things, we had lunch, and then bought a few groceries at Publix, before returning to the boat.
I spent the afternoon working on blogs. Cindy did some interior cleaning, and we did some laundry. In the evening, we invited Tim and Annie over for some burgers on the grill. We enjoyed good conversation, watched the premier of Dancing with the Stars, and went to bed. Boy, did I sleep well the first two nights back in the States. We were exhausted.
On Tuesday morning, we finally felt back to normal. Since then, we’ve settled into being back in the States. Our time in the Bahamas consists now in a collection of wonderful memories. We’ll hopefully visit those beautiful islands again next winter on our way further south to the Caribbean. Our last few days in Titusville, has consisted in trying out some of the area restaurants (Valentino’s has the best pizza), doing some boat work (Tim and I spent several hours one day trying to figure out how and where to install our wifi booster/extender; Cindy and I spent several hours giving Beatitude a good bath), shopping, and relaxing. We also saw a movie in a movie theater for the first time in months. Kenneth Branagh’s Cinderella was wonderful. I also spent several hours yesterday doing taxes and other financial tasks. The bottom line on my taxes was not pleasant. I owe, a lot. That means less money to fix up the boat and more money for Uncle Sam. Oh, well!
We were visited by three manatees while cleaning the boat. They apparently are attracted to the water splashing onto the surface of the water. (This girl also apparently was doing a little bottom cleaning given the blue on her face. Or, maybe it’s just Manatee Make-up.
We only have a few more days here in Titusville before we have to leave Beatitude for 4 1/2 weeks for work and a trip out of the country. More on that later.
Glad you’re home safe n’ sound! It’s good that you have the where with all to pay the extra taxes you didn’t expect but sorry if it means less for cruising… Love, love , love the photos of the manatees! For being so “odd looking” they are soooo cute.
Again, glad you’re home. We’ve missed you and oh, we bought a “new to us” Consort, so come borrow it sometime… 🙂
Blessings,
Hope & Carson (SV CARSON G II)
Thanks, Guys! The manatees are so docile and lovable! We’d love to borrow your consort sometime! But… I’m not sure when or if we’ll make it back that way again. We sure enjoyed hanging out with you two while we were there, though!Games people play can be straightforward or complicated. The types of games people play are varied, fun or dangerous. If[…]Read more
Category: Psychology
Boots: Dream Interpretation #13
Longevity dream, dreaming of old age, dream meaning long life (updated)
100 Happy Days Challenge: Day 8
Dreaming of reflections in glass, crystal ball, water etc
See ourselves: Dream Interpretation #8
Dream Interpretation rope #7
Broken (pictures)
"There's no force more powerful than a woman determined to rise."
Mission
Woman Rise is a nonprofit organization with a mission to promote resilience for the enhancement of health, education and welfare of women of all ages and diversity.
Services
Phone Counseling
Support Group
Special Events
Special Announcement
To comply with the advisory warning as it relates to "social distancing" due to Covid-19 & the Coronavirus, The Woman Rise Conference is...
POSTPONED
INSPIRATIONAL CORNER
Amazing Stories of Women Who Have Risen Against All Odds
Oprah Winfrey
Rising from poverty to become the first African-American woman billionaire, Oprah Winfrey embodies the American dream. She overcame a great deal during her childhood to become a billionaire today. She was born to a teenage mother and grew up with her grandmother. Also, beginning at the age of nine, Oprah was molested by her uncle, family friend, and cousin. She eventually had a son at the age of 14, but he died during infancy. Children at school also made fun of her, calling her ugly and poor. Despite the obvious struggle that she faced, Oprah persisted to succeed, and Nashville’s WLAC-TV hired Oprah as their youngest and first black female news anchor. After this position, Oprah went on to star in the movie “The Color Purple” and host her own show called “The Oprah Winfrey Show”. She now has her own television channel and is worth $3 billion dollars.
Ice Cream Tasting Party Activity
In honor of National Ice Cream Month, have an ice cream tasting party with your kiddos, inviting them to use their senses to explore the samples! While you don't want to overload them {we suggest using those little sample spoons in order to keep the sample size small/manageable}, offer your students the option of trying and comparing five or six different flavors.
To make it easier, we created a recording sheet that your kiddos can use to keep track of their observations! This is a fun and sweet activity that's perfect for summertime!October 09, 2020, Smiling Dental
Dental health problems majorly involve tooth decay and dental cavities. Tooth decay refers to the deterioration of tooth structure and may affect the dental layer of teeth and enamel, the outer covering of teeth. Dental cavities are the holes or tiny openings developed in the interior hard shell of the teeth due to permanently damaged areas of teeth. The terms tooth decay and tooth cavity are replaceable. There are a lot of reasons responsible for these problems including bacteria residing in the mouth, frequent use of sugary drinks and sweet snacks, poor oral hygiene practices and not cleaning your mouth so well.
Good oral and dental health practices can prevent tooth decay and cavities. Following these practices, you can easily prevent cavities and reduce the risk of tooth decay. You need to consult your dentist to ask which practice is best for you.
Brushing- It is recommended that you should brush your teeth twice daily, even better after each meal. Try to use fluoride-containing toothpaste. The interdental cleaner can be used to clean your teeth. Also, try to brush your tongue and roof of your mouth before you rinse.
Flossing- There are areas in between the teeth where the brush can't reach where food particles can be trapped. Flossing is the technique used to remove those food particles and plaque. A thin thread of nylon is used for flossing which reaches below the gum line and cleans the teeth. It is necessary to floss your teeth once daily.
Rinsing- It is recommended you should rinse your mouth regularly if your teeth are at a high risk of cavity formation. It is better to rinse your mouth with fluoride mouthwash.
Sealants- A sealant is a protective covering that is applied on the surface of the chewing teeth to guard the enamel against plaque and acid and covers the grooves that collect food. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that sealants should be placed in school-aged children for several years but should be checked repeatedly.
Avoid frequent sipping and snacking- If you frequently drink fluids other than water, bacteria in your mouth tend to produce acids that damage enamel and destroy teeth. If you snack the whole day continuously, your teeth are at very high risk of attack.
Drink tap water- Nowadays, most public water supplies provide fluoride water, which is very helpful to reduce the risk of tooth decay. If you drink normal water without added fluoride you missed out on the benefits of fluoride.
Antibacterial treatments- If your teeth are prone to decay due to some kind of medical condition, it is recommended to consume antibacterial oral rinses or some other medication to reduce harmful oral bacteria.
Fluoride treatments- If you are not taking enough fluoride in your diet or drinking water it is recommended to consume extra fluoride or use fluoridated toothpaste. If your teeth have an extremely high possibility of decay it is preferable to apply custom trays on your teeth for application of recommended fluoride.
Diet- Dental health is affected by the food we consume daily. As a result, our oral health affects our food intake. It is necessary to clean your gums, mouth, and teeth regularly if you want to remain healthy. So it is important to select food that is beneficial for oral health. A lot of foods cause tooth decay like sugary foods or drinks, candies, desserts, pastries, pure fruit juices, honey, and dried fruits. As you increase consumption of sugar and sugary foods the chance of tooth decay also increases.
Some foods are helpful in preventing tooth decay like cheese and dairy products. The proteins present in milk and dairy products bind to the outer surfaces of the tooth and prevent the sticking of tooth decaying bacteria to the enamel. A very good amount of calcium is present in dairy products which is necessary for dental health. There are many foods whose consumption prevents early tooth decay like fresh whole fruits, whole vegetables, cereals, meats, pasta, and bread. Good eating practices lead to a healthy smile. Eating a variety of foods provides all types of nutrients which maintain oral and dental health. Do not eat sugary foods and beverages, but if you must, then only occasionally consume them.
Always try to clean your teeth after each meal. Do not eat snacks before going to bed because at that time saliva flow is low due to less production of saliva. Try to care for your teeth and meet your dentist regularly.
For More Information Contact Us At :This recipe requires the z_matrix module. Two classes are provided, HTML_Table and HTML_Month. HTML_Table can manage the generation of a table in HTML format. HTML_Month builds on top of HTML_Table and expands on its capabilities. It allows for dynamically created tables that have the look of the selected month.
Version 1.0 of this module was used to create a CGI application that could create a work schedule for an individual. It was far better than coding the schedule by hand. For those who do not like the formatting done by classes, modification of the code may be in order. Otherwise, this recipe was be used as a guide to writting classes designed to emulate part of the DOM that is associated with a web page.VBAE
Collaborative variational bandwidth auto-encoder (VBAE) for recommender systems.
view repo
Hybrid recommendations have recently attracted a lot of attention where user features are utilized as auxiliary information to address the sparsity problem caused by insufficient user-item interactions. However, extracted user features generally contain rich multimodal information, and most of them are irrelevant to the recommendation purpose. Therefore, excessive reliance on these features will make the model overfit on noise and difficult to generalize. In this article, we propose a variational bandwidth auto-encoder (VBAE) for recommendations, aiming to address the sparsity and noise problems simultaneously. VBAE first encodes user collaborative and feature information into Gaussian latent variables via deep neural networks to capture non-linear user similarities. Moreover, by considering the fusion of collaborative and feature variables as a virtual communication channel from an information-theoretic perspective, we introduce a user-dependent channel to dynamically control the information allowed to be accessed from the feature embeddings. A quantum-inspired uncertainty measurement of the hidden rating embeddings is proposed accordingly to infer the channel bandwidth by disentangling the uncertainty information in the ratings from the semantic information. Through this mechanism, VBAE incorporates adequate auxiliary information from user features if collaborative information is insufficient, while avoiding excessive reliance on noisy user features to improve its generalization ability to new users. Extensive experiments conducted on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. Codes and datasets are released at FULL TEXT VIEW PDF
Collaborative filtering (CF) is a successful approach commonly used by m...
read it
Variational auto-encoder (VAE) is an efficient non-linear latent factor ...
read it
In recent years, researchers attempt to utilize online social informatio...
read it
In this paper, we propose a cross-modal variational auto-encoder (CMVAE)...
read it
Recommender systems have been studied extensively due to their practical...
read it
We propose a tensor-based model that fuses a more granular representatio...
read it
Automatically learning features, especially robust features, has attract...
read it
Collaborative variational bandwidth auto-encoder (VBAE) for recommender systems.
In the era of information overload, people have been inundated by large amounts of online content, and it becomes increasingly difficult for them to discover interesting information. Consequently, recommender systems play a pivotal role in modern web applications due to their ability to help users discover items that they may be interested in from a large collection of candidates. Based on how recommendations are made, existing recommender systems can be categorized into three classes [55]: collaborative-based methods, content-based methods, and hybrid methods. Collaborative-based methods [45, 13] predict user preferences by exploiting their past activities, such as clicks or ratings, where the recommendation quality relies heavily on peers with similar behavior patterns. Content-based methods [41, 50], on the other hand, make recommendations based on users or items that share similar features. Hybrid methods [28, 51, 53] combine the advantages of both worlds where the collaborative information and user/item features are comprehensively considered to generate more precise recommendations.
Recent years have witnessed an upsurge of interest in employing auto-encoders [37] to both collaborative and content-based recommender systems, where compact representations of sparse ratings [27, 25] or high-dimensional user/item features [46, 59]
can be learned to more effectively exploit the similarity patterns between users or items for recommendation. As a Bayesian version of auto-encoder where the encoded latent representations are modeled as random variables, VAE has demonstrated superiority compared to other forms of auto-encoders, such as the contractive auto-encoder[56] and the denoising auto-encoder [49]. Among them, Collaborative variational auto-encoder (CVAE) [26] first used a VAE to infer latent item content embeddings from tf-idf textual features, and then iteratively fine-tune the embeddings with rating information via matrix factorization. Multi-VAE [27], in contrast, used the VAE in the collaborative setting to learn compact user embeddings from discrete user ratings. Recently, Macrid-VAE [29, 30] further extended Multi-VAE, where learned user representations were constrained to disentangle at both the macro and the micro -levels to improve the robustness and interpretability of learned embeddings.
However, it is difficult to generalize the VAE to a hybrid recommender system, due to various challenges from both the collaborative and content-based components (Fig. 1
). As users tend to vary in their activity levels and tastes, user embeddings learned through collaborative filtering bear different degrees of uncertainty, which hinders good recommendations for users with unreliable collaborative embeddings (e.g. user #4 and #5 in Fig. 1). The uncertainty mainly comes from three aspects: (1) Sparsity: First, for a user with sparser interactions (user #4), her associated embedding is more unreliable due to the information insufficiency in her historical interactions, which makes the similarity measure induced by the embedding space less informative compared to users with denser interactions. (2) Diversity
: Even if a user has denser interactions, we cannot safely conclude that we can estimate her preferences with more confidence, because her ratings may focus on a few types of items, which makes the collaborative information conveyed by different items correlated. However, if she rated items of more diverse types, we can have more confidence in the estimate of her preferences based on the rating information because the item space is more thoroughly explored. (3)Overlapping: In addition, the uncertainty of a user embedding may also be large if the items the user has interacted with are seldomly visited by other users (user #5). Considering two users who click the same number of items, the items that the former user click are also clicked by many other users, while the latter user only clicks items that no other users have yet clicked, the embedding uncertainty of the latter user would be larger than that of the former user.
Although the user/item features could be exploited to reduce the uncertainty incurred by the sparsity of ratings, the main obstacle for utilizing them lies in the heavy noise that may outweigh the useful information. Here, by noise, we mean any pattern that is irrelevant for the recommendation purpose, which should be distinguished from the low-level noises such as image blur, audio aliasing, and textual typos. Considering, for example, recommending academic articles to researchers, the related work and the empirical study sections are less informative compared to the abstract of methodology, and generally they should be regarded as noise in recommendations, although they both contain valuable information once a researcher gets attracted by the abstract and decides to delve deeper into the article. Moreover, since different users may consider varied aspects when rating an item, such noise exhibits a personalized characteristic that makes it difficult to eliminate [15, 54]. A similar analysis could be made for the user features, since the collection of certain user attributes, such as location, etc., may raise up privacy issues, and a widely adopted surrogate strategy is to empirically combine the features of the items that the users have interacted with to build up the user profiles for recommendations. In fact, the consensus in the community is that collaborative filtering is more reliable than feature-based methods for large-scale web recommendations if user interactions are sufficient to leverage [39]. Therefore, a good hybrid recommender system should manage to avoid unnecessary reliance on the noisy user/item features depending upon the sufficiency level of the collaborative information in the ratings (e.g. user #1 #2, #3 in Fig. 1), such that the noise in these features would not outweigh the useful information and hurt the model generalization ability.
To address the above challenges, we propose an information-driven Bayesian generative model called variational bandwidth auto-encoder (VBAE) for hybrid recommendations. The model first jointly learns the generation of user features and ratings from latent collaborative and user-feature embeddings. These embeddings are modeled as Gaussian random variables and inferred via deep neural networks through the auto-encoding variational Bayes (AEVB) algorithm [21]. Furthermore, observing that the extracted user features could be extremely noisy, we start by considering the fusion of the collaborative and feature embeddings from an information-theoretic perspective, i.e., as a virtual communication channel. We then introduce a novel user-dependent channel that dynamically controls the amount of information that is allowed to be accessed from the user features based on the collaborative information already contained in the user ratings. A quantum-inspired uncertainty measurement of the hidden rating embeddings is proposed accordingly to infer the channel bandwidth by disentangling the uncertainty information in the ratings from the semantic information. Through this mechanism, sufficient auxiliary information can be accessed from user features if collaborative information is inadequate, while unnecessary dependence of the model on noisy user features can be avoided otherwise to make it generalize better to the user features. The main contribution of this article is summarized as follows:
We present VBAE, a unified information-driven recommendation framework where the generation of user ratings and features is parameterized via deep Bayesian networks and their fusion is modeled as a personalized virtual communication channel, such that the rating sparsity and feature noise problems can be simultaneously addressed.
A novel quantum-inspired uncertainty measurement of the hidden rating embedding is proposed to infer the bandwidth of the user-dependent channel, which enhances the model generalization ability by dynamically controlling the information allowed to be accessed from user features based on the sufficiency level of collaborative information.
Two kinds of channel implementations with different desired properties, i.e.,
Bernoulli and Beta channels, are thoroughly discussed, with the corresponding optimization objectives derived with distribution approximation and variational inference to make them amenable to stochastic gradient descent.
The proposed VBAE empirically out-performs state-of-the-art hybrid recommendation baselines. We also discover that the inferred bandwidth of the channel variable can well distinguish users with different sufficiency levels of collaborative information.
As a special kind of deep neural network, auto-encoders aim to learn compact representations of inputs by reconstruction [2]
. Since both user ratings and features are high-dimensional sparse vectors that make the direct manipulation of them in the original space difficult, much effort has been dedicated to improve representation learning strategies with auto-encoders by researchers recently[37]. Generally, auto-encoder-based recommenders can be categorized into two main classes: user-oriented auto-encoders (UAEs) [23, 49, 27, 36] and item-oriented auto-encoders (IAEs) [37, 57], based on whether the auto-encoder is used to tackle the user or the item side information.
The advent of IAE predates that of UAE, where item content auto-encoders are built on top of matrix factorization (MF) -based collaborative backbones, such as weighted matrix factorization [32], to incorporate auxiliary content information into the factorized item collaborative embeddings. Two exemplar methods from this category are CDL [47] and CVAE [26], where an item offset variable is introduced to tightly couple the Bayesian stacked denoising auto-encoder (SDAE) [42] or variational auto-encoder (VAE) [21] with MF to enhance its performance. The MF and item content auto-encoder are trained in an iterative manner. Recently, auto-encoders have been exploited to capture the item collaborative information. Among them, DICER [57] was proposed to capture non-linear item similarity based on their user ratings, and from which disentangles the content information for a better generalization. Since in collaborative IAEs, the input dimension and the number of trainable weights is proportional to the number of users, and the number of training samples equals the number of items, these methods generally require a large items-to-user ratio such that a good representation of items can be learned for satisfactory recommendations.
Compared with IAEs, UAEs have attracted more attention among researchers because they break the long-standing bottleneck of the linear collaborative modeling limitation of MF and allow modeling users in a deeper manner [23, 49, 58]. Instead of factorizing the rating matrix into user and item embeddings, UAE-based recommenders take the historical ratings of users as the inputs, embed them into hidden user representations with a deep encoder network, and from which reconstruct the ratings with a deep decoder network. The reconstructed ratings for unrated items are then ranked for recommendations. Since UAE-based recommenders eliminate the need of modeling item latent variables and reconstruct the whole ratings directly from the user latent embedding, another advantage of UAEs over MFs is that they are efficient to fold in new users for whom historical ratings have been recorded, since recommendations can be made with a single forward propagation. The first UAE-based recommender system is the collaborative denoise auto-encoder (CDAE) [49], where the input ratings are randomly masked with zeros to simulate the rating missing process. Afterwards, Multi-VAE [27] was proposed where a VAE with multinomial likelihood on ratings is used instead of the DAE, which demonstrates clear advantages. However, one key problem for these collaborative UAEs is that if the ratings of certain users are sparse, the recommendation performance could be severely degenerated due to the lack of collaborative information.
Due to the wide availability of user features and various methods that build user profiles with item features, hybriding UAE with auxiliary user features to address the sparsity problem has become a new trend in the recommendation community. A simple but effective method to incorporate user feature information into UAE is to adopt the early fusion strategy similar to [22], where the user features are concatenated with ratings as the input for the UAE where only the ratings are reconstructed for recommendations. In this way, the first dense layer of the UAE can be viewed as calculating the weighted combination of user rating and features, which may be over-parameterized and is susceptible to overfitting. A more sophisticated approach is the conditional VAE (CondVAE) [33], where the user features are exploited to calculate the conditional prior of user latent variables, which are then updated into posterior by the collaborative information, i.e., ratings, for recommendations. However, all these methods treat the relative importance of collaborative and content information as fixed for all users, ignoring the individual differences both in the reliability of their extracted features and in the sufficiency level of historical rating information [54]. This is problematic, since generally, user features contain much irrelevant information and noise, and a good recommender system should avoid unnecessary dependence on these features when collaborative information is sufficient to improve generalization. Therefore, it motivates us to design the information-driven variational bandwidth auto-encoder with a user-dependent channel to fuse the user feature and collaborative information.
CVAE
VBAE
The focus of this article is on recommendations with implicit feedback [16]. We define the rating matrix as , where each row is the bag-of-words vector denoting the whether user visit each of the items. is obtained by keeping track of user activities for a certain amount of time. In addition, the users profiles are represented by matrix , where the row vector is the extracted feature for the th user. can contain user inherent attributes such as her age, location, and self-description, etc., or be built from the feature of items that the user has interacted with when such information is not available. The capital non-boldface letters and are used to denote the corresponding random variables, respectively222The subscript will be omitted for simplicity if no ambiguity exists.. Note that the density of , which is defined as , could vary dramatically for different , and is generally high-dimensional and noisy. Given the partial observation of the records in and the user features , the problem is to make predictions of the remaining ratings in so as to recommend new relevant items to users.
VBAE
In this article, the collaborative and feature embedding of users are assumed to lie in -dimensional latent spaces. Therefore, VBAE starts by generating for each user the collaborative-based latent variable from a normal prior:
Since user features are extracted as the auxiliary information to complement the collaborative information, they are embedded in a user feature latent variable
, which is drawn from another Gaussian distribution as follows:
Traditional generative models for hybrid recommendation [47, 26, 8] directly add and via an offset variable to form the latent user embedding , or learn their fixed relative weights by direct concatenation, and do not consider that the uncertainty of usually varies for different users due to the both explicit (difference in the sparsity, diversity of ratings) and implicit (difference in the number of overlapped ratings) factors, nor that contains lots of irrelevant information that may distract the recommendation model. This could be problematic, since for users who have denser, more diverse ratings and rate items that are also rated by many other users, their associated collaborative embeddings are more reliable, and can afford to access less information from such that unnecessary dependence of the model on noisy user features can be avoided. For users with sparser ratings, however, has to access more information from to enable a more personalized recommendation even if the user features are noisy.
From an information-theoretic perspective, if we view the fusion of and into as a virtual communication channel, the issue sources from the assumption that the channel is deterministic and independent of the information already contained in the collaborative embedding , where the individual difference in sufficiency level of collaborative information is ignored. Therefore, to address such a problem, we design a user-dependent channel in VBAE by introducing a latent capacity variable that determines the bandwidth of the channel from to . The bandwidth variable encodes for each user our belief towards how much extra information is required from the user features given the information already contained in the observed interactions. Through this mechanism, the channel dynamically allocates the amount of information that is allowed to flow from to conditional on . Two strategies are explored to implement the user-dependent channel with bandwidth . The first strategy we consider is called the "hard" channel, where the bandwidth is achieved when losslessly accesses
with probability, and accesses no information otherwise [10]. In the generative case, we can introduce an auxiliary channel variable , and draw
from a Bernoulli distribution with probability:
Although the hard channel complies more strictly with the definition of bandwidth in information theory, it may results in training instability because the bandwidth only appears as a statistical property, i.e., an expectation when the feature and collaborative embeddings of a user are repeatedly fused for multiple times. However, for one user, the user latent embedding either access the user feature information or not in one recommendation, which is coarse in granularity to distinguish user with different uncertainty levels of collaborative information. Therefore, we consider a second strategy, the "soft" channel, which is a relaxed version of the hard channel and resembles more to the variational attention approach [7] than the variational information bandwidth theory [10]. This strategy assumes that the channel variable
is drawn from a Beta distribution and the bandwidthdetermines the mean of the Beta:
where the channel curtails or amplifies the weights of user feature information based on the bandwidth . Given only , however, the Beta distribution for the channel
is undetermined, as its variance remains to be specified to calculate bothand . However, since we care primarily about the bandwidth itself than its uncertainty, we fix the variance of the Beta, which is then treated as a nuisance parameter, to a small value for simplicity. Hereafter, we use the mean-variance parameterization of Beta distribution unless otherwise specified, since it explicitly contains the bandwidth as its first parameter. We use VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft to distinguish the two channel implementation strategies. The detailed comparisons between the soft and hard channels are summarized in Fig. 3. After drawing , the user latent variable is deterministically calculated as
which defines the fusion process of into via the user-dependent channel of VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft.
To model the non-linear generation process of user features and ratings from the corresponding latent variables, we parameterize the generative distributions as deep neural networks. The user feature is generated from the user-feature latent variable
via a multilayer perceptron (MLP): If is binary, we squashed the output of
by the sigmoid function, and drawfrom , or if is real-value, we take the raw outputs of as the mean of a Gaussian distribution and draw from . Finally, we put a multinomial likelihood on the ratings as [27], and generate from the latent user variable via parameterized as , where is another MLP-based generative neural network. The generation process of , from , is given as follows:
(1) For each layer of the collaborative and the user-feature modules of the generation network:
(a) For each column of the weight matrices, draw
(b) Draw the bias vector from;
(c) For of a user , draw
(2) For user features that are binary, draw
For user-item interactions, draw
where , ,
is a hyperparameter,
is the intermediate activation function andis the Dirac Delta function. Step 1.c can be alternatively viewed as putting Gaussian priors on the intermediate activations and setting the precision to infinity.
The generative model of VBAE is described by the joint distribution of all observed and hidden variables:
where the symbol denotes the set of trainable parameters that pertain to the generation network.
Given Eq. (1), however, it is intractable to calculate the posterior exactly, as the non-linearity of generative process precludes us from integrating over the latent space and calculating the marginal distribution of the observed evidence . Therefore, we resort to the amortized variational inference [3], where we introduce a variational posterior
parameterized by an inference neural network as an approximation to the true but intractable posterior. Using the conditional independence assumptions implied by VBAE, the joint variational posterior can be decomposed into the compact product of two factors that make up two modules of the inference network: the collaborative moduleand the user feature module , which infer the user collaborative embeddings, the bandwidth of the user-dependent channel, and user feature embeddings from the user ratings and features, respectively.
The collaborative module infers the collaborative-based latent user variable and the personalized latent channel variable from the observed user-item interactions. Since the bandwidth of the channel denotes the sufficiency level of the collaborative information, an important role that this module should play is to disentangle uncertainty and semantic information from the user ratings. To achieve this objective, we first use an MLP to embed the raw, sparse rating vector into a compact hidden representationfor each user. Inspired by [24], we then use the length (L2-norm) of the hidden representation as the uncertainty measurement to calculate the channel bandwidth and the direction (L2-normalized hidden embedding) as the representation of semantic information to infer the latent collaborative embedding. The details of the introduced semantic and uncertainty measurement of the hidden rating embeddings is illustrated in Fig. 4, which draws inspirations from theoretic quantum mechanics. To see the links, we first liken the hidden rating embedding to a quantum superposition state of a physical system, which is represented by a complex vector in . Then, the superposition vector has the property that the norm of the vector is positively correlated with the probability that this superposition is observed when measuring the system (which depicts the fundamental uncertainty of quantum physics), and the direction of the vector distinguishes this superposition state with other states (which carries the state semantic information).
Such an uncertainty-semantic interpretation of the length and direction of a vector also works for hidden rating embedding in recommendation, where the norm and direction of can be associated with similar meanings. To gain the intuition, we first decompose the calculation of the hidden rating embedding from the raw rating vector with a dense layer into two basic operations, embedding and element-wise sum, as follows:
If we assume that each element in , i.e., is independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.) Gaussian variable with zero mean and a small variance , the th element in , which is denoted as , is the sum of independent Gaussian variables. Therefore, is also a Gaussian variable that follows , where is the number of items this user has interacted with, i.e., the density of ratings. According to the basic probability and statistics theory, the squared L2-norm of , which we denote as , is the sum of squares of Gaussian variables with zero mean and
variance, which follows the scaled Chi-square distribution
and is equivalent to Gamma distribution with cumulative distribution function[19]. The expected value of , according to the property of Gamma distribution, is , which is a monotonic increasing function of the number of interacted item , i.e., the rating density, a main indicator for the sufficiency level of collaborative information.
This property reveals that is positively correlated with the sufficiency level of the collaborative information. Moreover, compared to the L2-norm of the sparse rating vector , the hidden embedding lies in a latent low dimensional space where user collaborative representations are more compact, which could better reflect the similarity relationship of user rating patterns by eliminating redundant information contained in similar items. Therefore, the L2-norm of contains important information regarding interaction sparsity and interaction similarity that are suitable for the inference of the bandwidth that we have defined in the previous section. In addition, the L2-normalization of the embeddings eliminates the negative influence of the difference in the number of items the users have interacted with by scaling the hidden rating embeddings of users with different activity levels into the same sphere space, which makes the direction of , more suitable representation than the original to infer the user collaborative embedding. This is in contrast with the previous auto-encoder-based approaches such as Mult-VAE [27], CondVAE [33], where the information regarding the sparsity level of the ratings is discarded after the L2-normalization of the input ratings.
In practice, we calculate the bandwidth by a linear transformation oftransformed with sigmoid activation function to squash the value between [0, 1]:
Since is strictly non negative, in backward propagation the weight can only be updated in one direction for all the samples in one mini-batch. This is problematic, since the training loop would make
converge to zero or one where the bandwidth for all users are identical, which fails to discriminate users with different sufficiency level of collaborative information. This is referred to as the modality collapsing problem in variational inference. In this article, this problem is addressed through the batch normalization[17]. We denote a mini-batch of the length of user hidden embedding as . Before feeding each sample in the mini-batch into Eq. (3) to calculate the bandwidth, we renormalize it by:
where and are the mean and sample variance of in the mini-batch, and is a small value to avoid division by zero error. By batch normalization, we observe that the inferred bandwidth corresponds more consistently with the sufficiency level of the user collaborative information, and the training procedure becomes more stable as well. In the testing phase, and are fixed to their running averages estimated from the training data.
The user feature module infers the feature-based latent user embedding from the extracted user features by another MLP, which serves as the auxiliary information source to the collaborative information. The detailed inference process of the latent variables , and through the inference network is described as follows:
(1) For each layer of the collaborative and user-feature module of the inference network:
(a) For each column of the weight matrices, draw
(b) Draw the bias vector from ;
(c) For of a user , draw
(2) For the user-dependent channel variable:
(a) Calculate the bandwidth from its logits, which is inferred by the L2-norm of the hidden rating embeddingas follows:
(b) For VBAE-hard, draw the Bernoulli channel variable:
(c) For VBAE-soft, draw the Beta channel variable:
(3) For the collaborative and user feature latent variable:
(a) Draw the mean and standard deviation:
(b) Draw the sample of the latent variable:
It is not trivial to draw samples from the Bernoulli or the Beta channel variable such that gradients can be back-propagated to the trainable weights of the inference network, and we defer the discussion of the solution, which is called the reparameterization trick, to Section 3.7. In VBAE, is inferred from the observed ratings via a non-linear neural network, where the explicit uncertainty caused by sparsity can be directly captured from the input
. In addition, since the collaborative embedding variables are inferred in an amortized manner, the implicit uncertainty can be captured by the weights, which are actively learned and shared among all users. The user latent variablesimultaneously captures the user collaborative similarity based on user interactions and the user feature similarity from extracted user features. The neural network implementation of VBAE is schematically illustrated in Fig. 2.
To jointly learn the parameters of the generative network and the inference network, we maximize the evidence lower bound (ELBO), which is an approximation of the marginal log-likelihood of evidence :
and the value of , for a fixed , achieves the maximum if and only if the discrepancy between the variational approximation and the true posterior measured by the Kullback-Leiber (KL) divergence is zero (i.e., iif. ).
Although the collaborative and user feature module of VBAE can be jointly trained as Eq. (5), extra computational and memory consumption is inevitable. In addition, in a joint training, the VBAE model may converge to an undesirable sub-optima where it relies solely on one main information source for the recommendation, which is undesirable since the user ratings and features contain complementary information, both of which are important for recommendations. Therefore, we take an EM-like optimization approach, where we iteratively consider only one of the variational distributions in and and fix the random variables (e.g., to their means or their to previous estimates) that concern the other. Consequently, for the collaborative part , we fix to the estimated mean to calculate , and the objective becomes:
Eq. (6) can be viewed alternatively as paying a cost equals to the KL with prior value whenever the model tries to access the noisy user feature information. Moreover, the cost is dynamically decided by the urgency level of introducing the extra user feature information based on the sufficiency level of the collaborative information, which prevents the model from depending unnecessary upon the noisy features. After one-step optimization of , we then fix and to their estimated values to calculate , and maximize the following objective for the user feature part:
Intuitively, for both _step and _step, the objective consists of two parts. The first part is the expected log-likelihood term, where the inferred hidden Gaussian embeddings and the latent channel variable are encouraged to best explain the extracted user features and the observed historical interactions; the second part is the KL with prior terms and the L2 weight decay terms, which act as regularizers to prevent over-fitting and avoid polarization of embeddings due to the sparsity of interactions [34]. Liang et al. [27] have shown that the KL regularization in the collaborative part could be too strong, which over-constrains the representational ability of latent collaborative embeddings. As a solution, they introduced a scalar to control the weight of the KL term for the latent collaborative variable in Eq. (6), which has its theoretical foundation in both beta-VAE [14] and variational information bottleneck theory [1]. We anneal the from 0 to 0.2 as [27] in our implementation of VBAE, and have confirmed the effectiveness of KL annealing in our experiments. Under such settings, the model learns to encode as much information of in as it can in the initial training stages while gradually regularizing by forcing it close to the prior as the training proceeds [4].
In this section, we derive the gradients of and w.r.t. the trainable parameters of the generation and inference networks to make them amenable to SGD optimization. For Gaussian and Bernoulli distributions, since their KL divergence with prior can be computed analytically, the minimization of the KL terms in Eqs. (6), (7) w.r.t. the weights of the inference network can be analytically calculated. However, since the gradients of the expected log-likelihood terms, which we note as , need to be back-propagated through stochastic nodes , and
, it precludes us from calculating an analytic solution. Hence, we introduce Monte Carlo methods to form unbiased estimators of the gradients. For, as the generative distribution is explicit in expectation form, its gradient can be estimated by generating samples from the encoder distribution, calculating the gradients, and taking the average [35].
As for that is associated with the inference of user feature and collaborative embeddings, we use the reparameterization trick, where we transform the stochastic nodes into differentiable bivariate functions of their parameters and random noises to allow gradients to pass through the distribution parameters [9]. Specifically, for the Gaussian embedding variables , with the vanilla reparameterization trick [21], their samples can be reformulated via:
where . Eq. (8) could be viewed alternatively as injecting Gaussian noise to the hidden user collaborative and user feature variables, which is the main mechanism that previous auto-encoder-based recommender systems adopt to address the rating and feature noise problems.
Injecting Gaussian noise to user latent collaborative and feature embeddings can only simulate the generation process of low-level noise. However, as we have argued in the Introduction, pervasive high-level noise, which is information that are irrelevant to the recommendation purpose, exists in the extracted user features. Therefore, we introduce the user-dependent channel to avoid excessive model reliance on these features for a better generalization. For the channel in VBAE-hard that follows the Bernoulli distribution, we note that sampling from which is equivalent to sampling a one-hot vector from a two-class Categorical distribution with probability mass and discarding the second dimension. Therefore, we resort to the Gumbel-softmax trick [18] and reformulate samples of the channel via the Concrete distribution [31]:
where and is the temperature of the softmax and the sigmoid. When approaches zero, the samples are proved to be equivalent to samples drawn from the corresponding Bernoulli distribution with the probability . In practice, is generally annealed as the training proceeds for a more stable convergence.
Similarly, we draw the Beta channel variable of VBAE-soft by keeping the first dimension of a sample from the corresponding two-class Dirichlet distribution. However, unlike Gaussian and Categorical distributions, there is no consensus regarding how to reparameterize a Dirichlet variable [20, 40, 7]
. In this article, we eschew the commonly used reparameterization strategies that transform a uniformly distributed vector by the inverse of the Dirichlet cumulative distribution function as the bivariate transformation, but we derive its reparameterization with logistic-normal approximation instead[40]
. The reason is that, the logistic-normal distribution converts the original parametersof the Dirichlet (the values that should be predicted by the inference network) to the mean and standard deviation of a Gaussian distribution, such that the convergence to a low-entropy area is smoother. Otherwise, to reach a low variance area of the Dirichlet requires large values of , which is difficult to learn by the inference network and results in unstable training dynamics [7]. The relationship between the parameters of logistic-normal and the corresponding Dirichlet is formulated as follows
Note that we fix the logistic-normal to a small value, as here only the mean of the Beta channel variable (i.e., the bandwidth) is important, and a small value of the variance prevents the Dirichlet distribution from stuck into a low-entropy area. This is also a common trick used in most regression task, where the outputs are assumed to be Gaussian, for which the variance is trivial to model. The sample from the logistic-normal is drawn according to
where . A close look at Eq. (11) shows that it bears great similarity to Eq. (9), since we can view as pseudo logits of the bandwidth, and both Eqs. add and subtract two i.i.d. random variables to the logits of bandwidth before squashing it into (0, 1) with the sigmoid function. The major difference between these two equations is that for Eq. (9), a small temperature of the sigmoid pushes the value of to 0 or 1, i.e., the two extremities, such that for each user the channel is either open or closed in one iteration. However, in Eq. (9), the temperature is set to one and therefore can take any value between [0, 1], which avoids swerve of gradient direction in training and smooths the convergence.
With the stochastic user latent embedding variable and the channel variable reparameterized with the strategies we introduce above, the unbiased gradient estimator of the objective w.r.t. can be formulated as:
where is used to denote that the RHS. is an unbiased estimator of the LHS. Since the variance of the gradient estimated by reparameterization trick is low, previous work has demonstrated that as long as the batch size is large enough, it suffices to take a single sample for each user for the training to converge [9].
After the weights of the generative and inference networks of the VBAE model are learned, our discussion shifts towards how to predict new relevant items for users given their observed ratings and noisy features . For a user, we first calculate the mean of the collaborative embedding , the bandwidth from the ratings via the collaborative inference network, and the mean of the feature embedding from the user features via the feature inference network. The user latent variable can then be approximated as:
To avoid randomness of the channel in testing, for VBAE-hard, we set to a fixed sample from to determine whether or not information in user feature embeddings are necessary to be introduced to support the recommendation, whereas for VBAE-soft, we use the mean of the Beta channel variable (approximated by logistic-normal), i.e., , as . Finally, we calculate the multinomial probabilities of the remaining items from via as:
where the is due to the non-linearity of , and the estimated logits of probabilities of unobserved items are sorted to get final ranked list of items for recommendation.
VBAE
datasets. The red curves illustrate the estimated probability density functions and the light blue dashed vertical lines shows the percentiles. (The maximum interaction value is cut off to 100, 80, 60 for the datasets for a better illustration effect)
In this section, we present and analyze the extensive experiments we conducted on three real-world datasets to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed VBAE model for hybrid recommender systems.
We use three real-world datasets to evaluate the model performance. Two of the datasets, citeulike-a [43] and citeulike-t [44] are from CiteULike, where scholars can add academic articles they are interested in to their libraries such that new relevant articles can be automatically recommended. The third dataset, toys & games, is collected by [12] from Amazon333. In preprocessing, we randomly split the users by the ratio of 8:1:1 for training, validation, testing. For each user, 80% of the interactions are selected as the observed interactions to learn the user collaborative embedding and the bandwidth of the channel, and the remaining 20% are hold-out for testing. The user profiles are built from the features of their interacted items. We represent each article in the citeulike datasets by the concatenation of its title and abstract, and each item in toys & games by combining all of its reviews. We then select discriminative words according to the tf-idf values and normalize the word counts of each item over the maximum occurrences of each word in all items. Finally, we calculate the element-wise maximum of the normalized word counts of the observed items for each user as the user features. Table 1 summarizes the details of the datasets after preprocessing. Fig. 5 illustrates the distributions of interaction density for different users. From Fig. 5 we can find that the interaction density distribution clearly demonstrates a long-tail characteristic, which reflects the uneven distribution of sufficiency level of collaborative information for users in all three datasets.
Two ranking-based metrics are used to evaluate the recommendation performance: Recall@ and the truncated normalized discounted cumulative gain (NDCG@). We do not use the precision metric, since the rating matrices in all three datasets record implicit feedbacks where a zero entry does not necessarily imply that the user is not interested in the item, but it may be due to the fact that the user is not aware of its existence as well [16]. For a user , we first obtain the rank of the held-out items by sorting their multinomial probabilities calculated as Eq. (14). If we denote the item at rank by and the set of hold-out items for the user by , Recall@ is calculated as:
where in the numerator is the indicator function, and the denominator is the minimum of and the number of hold-out items. Recall@ has a maximum of 1, which is achieved when all relevant items are ranked among the top positions. Truncated discounted cumulative gain (DCG@) is computed as
which, instead of uniformly weighting all positions, introduces a logarithm discount function over the ranks where larger weights are applied to recommended items that appear at higher ranks [48]. NDCG@ is calculated by normalizing the DCG@ to [0, 1] by the ideal DCG@ where all relevant items are ranked at the top.
Since the datasets we consider vary both in their scale and scope, we select the structure and the hyperparameters of VBAE based on evaluation metrics on validation users through grid search444Due to space limit, please refer to the JSON files we release with the codes for the searched optimal hyperparameters and model architecture for each of the three datasets.. In VBAE, sigmoid is used as both intermediate and output activations. The weights of the inference network are tied to the generation network the same way as [26] to more effectively learn representations of user features. Specifically, to avoid the component collapsing problem where the inferred bandwidth for all users are identical, batch normalization [17] is applied to the L2-norm of the latent feature representations such that they have zero mean and unit variance before the inference of the bandwidth; in addition, a larger decay rate is applied to the weights of the dense layer for bandwidth inference for regularization. We first layerwise pretrain the user feature network as the initial starting point for VBAE, and then iteratively train the collaborative network (_step) and the user feature network (
_step) for 100 epochs. Adam is used as the optimizer with a batch size of 500 users. We randomly split the datasets into ten train/val/test splits as described in Section4.1. For each split, we keep the model with the best NDCG@100 on the validation users and report the mean metrics on the test users for all splits.
In this section, we compare the proposed VBAE with the following state-of-the-arts collaborative and hybrid recommendation baselines to demonstrate its effectiveness:
FM (Factorization Machine) is a widely employed algorithm for hybrid recommendation with sparse inputs [11]. We use Bayesian parameter search as suggested in [6]
to find optimal hyperparameters and the loss function on the validation users.
CDL [47] replaces the LDA in CTR with a stacked Bayesian denoising auto-encoder (SDAE) [42] to learn the item content embeddings in an end-to-end manner. We set the mask rate of SDAE to 0.3 and search its architecture the same way as VBAE.
VAE
Table 2 summarizes the comparison results between VBAE and the selected baselines. As it can be seen, Table 2 comprises of three parts. The middle part shows four hybrid baselines with linear collaborative filtering module, i.e., matrix factorization (MF). Generally, the performance improves with the increase of the representational ability of the utilized item embedding model. Specifically, CVAE, which uses VAE to encode the item content information into Gaussian variables, performs consistently better than CDL and CTR on all three datasets. However, we also observe that simple methods such as FM can outperform some of the deep learning-based baselines (e.g., CDL on citeulike-a datasets) when their parameters are systematically searched with a Bayesian optimizer [6].
The bottom part shows baselines that utilize deep neural networks (DNNs) as the collaborative module. Multi-VAE, RecVAE can capture non-linear similarities among users, so they improve almost consistently over the linear hybrid baselines when the datasets are comparatively dense (e.g. the citeulike-a dataset), even if they do not use any user or item side information. When the datasets get sparser, however, they cannot perform on par with the PMF-based hybrid recommenders that augments with item side information due to lack of sufficient collaborative information. Moreover, we find that although augmenting user ratings with item feature concurrences as extra pseudo training samples, CoVAE does not consistently outperform Multi-VAE on all three datasets, which could suggest that the item feature occurrences do not necessarily imply user co-purchases. Treating user feature embeddings as the condition for the user collaborative embeddings, CondVAE achieves the best performance among all the non-linear UAE-based baselines on two of the denser citeulike datasets and performs on par with CVAE on the sparser Amazon toys & games dataset. DiCER, which is an IAE-based recommender that we include for comparisons, shows clear merits when the dataset has a large item-to-user ratio (e.g. the citeulike-a and citeulike-t datasets). The reason may be that for IAE-based recommenders, the number of training samples is proportional to the number of items, whereas the number of trainable weights is proportional to the number of users, so a large item-to-user ratio ensures sufficient training samples and a reasonable amount of trainable weights to guarantee a good model generalization ability.
Simultaneously addressing the uncertainty of user ratings and noise in user features, VBAE-soft and VBAE-hard out-performs all baselines on all three datasets. Although the Bayesian SDAE in CDL, VAE in CVAE, or CondVAE also have the denoising ability in that they corrupt the item features, latent item embeddings, or latent user embeddings via masked noise or self-adaptive Gaussian noise, the noise they address is not recommendation-oriented and is therefore inevitably low-level. However, high-level and personalized noise (information that is not relevant to the recommendation purpose) exists pervasively in recommendation tasks, which cannot be addressed by these models. In contrast, through the introduction of a user-dependent channel variable, VBAE actively decides how much information should be accessed from the user features based on information already contained in the ratings through a quantum-inspired collaborative uncertainty measurement mechanism. This ensures the personalized recommendation quality when the ratings are sparse by incorporating sufficient user feature information while improving the model generalization ability by avoiding unnecessary dependence on the noisy user features when the collaborative information is sufficient.
VBAE
In this section, we further demonstrate the effectiveness of the established information regulation mechanism in VBAE by answering the following two research questions:
RQ1: How do VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft perform compared to VBAE-like models, which, instead of explicitly considering the personalized difference of the collaborative uncertainty and feature noise for different users, treat the fusion of user feature as a fixed procedure for all the users.
RQ2: How well does the inferred bandwidth correspond to the sparsity of interactions and, therefore, the scarcity of collaborative information? The answer to this question shows the effectiveness of the proposed quantum-inspired collaborative uncertainty measurement to distinguish users with varied sufficiency levels of collaborative information.
To answer the first research question, we design the following three baseline models as ablation studies:
DBAE-pass uses an "all-pass" channel to link the user collaborative and feature networks, where all the information in user feature embeddings are losslessly transferred to the corresponding user latent variables irrespective of the individual difference in sufficiency level of the collaborative information;
DBAE-stop uses a "stop" channel where the user feature information is entirely blocked, and only the collaborative information is exploited to calculate the user latent variables. The difference between DBAE-stop and Multi-VAE is that Multi-VAE imposes the L2-normalization on the input ratings, whereas DBAE-stop imposes it on the hidden rating embeddings to make it comparable with VBAE.
VAE-concat concatenates the user ratings and features as the inputs to the Multi-VAE to reconstruct the ratings, instead of viewing their fusion from an information-theoretic perspective. The fusion can be viewed as learning a fixed weighted combination between user features and ratings.
The collaborative network structure of DBAE-pass and DBAE-stop is set to be the same as VBAE for a fair comparison. The comparison results are listed in Table LABEL:tab:results_channel.
As it can be seen, among the five models that we draw comparisons with, DBAE-stop performs the worst on all the datasets. Since DBAE-stop can be viewed as an altered version of Mult-VAE [26] where the L2-normalization is applied on the hidden representations rather than the input ratings and extra L2 penalties are imposed on the network weights, this confirms the previous finding that hybrid recommendation methods augmented with feature information usually perform better than collaborative-based methods when the ratings are sparse [47, 26]. Comparatively, DBAE-pass is much harder to beat than DBAE-stop, since the deficiency of collaborative information for a large number of users with sparse interaction makes the auxiliary user features valuable for personalized recommendation, even if the features are noisy. Still, two VBAE-based methods achieve better performance on all three datasets, which demonstrates that constraining the feature information allowed to be accessed for users with sufficient collaborative information can indeed improve model generalization. Although VAE-concat uses a dense layer to learn a weighted combination of user features and ratings, it is over-parameterized and prone to overfitting when the datasets are sparse. Moreover, VAE-concat the weights are fixed for all users, which ignores the individual differences in the sufficiency level of collaborative information. Therefore, we also observe that two VBAE models outperform VAE-concat on all three datasets. The superiority of user-dependent bandwidth to the all-pass and VAE-concat models indicates that for users with more informative interactions (i.e., dense and overlapped with the interactions of other users), the collaborative information in the ratings is per se very reliable for recommendations, and the noise introduced by the fusion of user features may outweigh the useful information and degenerate the recommendation performance.
The explanation for the superiority of VBAE-soft over VBAE-hard could be that VBAE-soft uses a Beta channel variable with its variance fixed to a small value, where the feature embeddings are stably and smoothly discounted based on the bandwidth inferred from user ratings. In contrast, the Bernoulli channel in VBAE-hard determines whether or not to access user features with the inferred bandwidth as the access probability, which may be coarse in granularity and makes the training process less stable than the Beta channel in VBAE-soft.
To further investigate the effectiveness of the user-dependent channels for users with different activity levels, we divide the test users into quartiles and report the NDCG@100 on each group in Fig.6. When comparing with DBAE-stop, we mainly focus on users with low activity levels, since for these users, DBAE-stop accesses no information from user features while VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft infer a large bandwidth for the channel that allows more information to be accessed from their features. The leftmost bar group in Fig. 6 shows that VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft significantly outperform DBAE-stop on all three datasets. The result confirms that incorporating auxiliary feature information can alleviate the uncertainty of collaborative embeddings and improve recommendation performance when the ratings are extremely sparse, even if the user features are noisy. When comparing with DBAE-pass, on the other hand, we focus on users with high activity levels. Although for these users, VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft access less information from user features, the rightmost bar group of Fig. 6 shows that NDCG@100 improves consistently for these users. This indicates that for users with dense interactions, the collaborative information in the ratings is per se very reliable for recommendations, and the noise introduced by the fusion of user features may outweigh the useful information and lowers the recommendation performance. The improvement is more significant on citeulike-t and toys & games datasets. Table 1 shows that users in these two datasets span a wider spectrum in their activity levels, and therefore the reliability of collaborative embeddings varies drastically for these users. In such a case, the channel can better distinguish these users and allocate for each user a suitable budget for user feature information when calculating the user latent variables for recommendations.
To answer the second research question, we calculate several statistics of the inferred bandwidth for all the test users: its averaged value, its user variability, and its Pearson correlation coefficient (PCC) with the rating density, and report them in Table LABEL:tab:results_channel. Table LABEL:tab:results_channel shows that the bandwidth inferred through the proposed quantum-inspired collaborative uncertainty measurement tends to vary across users with different rating sparsity levels. Moreover, the bandwidth has an over -0.8 PCC with the density of user interactions on all the datasets. Such results indicate that the channel in VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft can distinguish users with different amounts of collaborative information in their ratings and dynamically control the extra amount of information that needs to be accessed from the user features based on the inferred bandwidth, which more convincingly demonstrates the effectiveness of the user-dependent channel in VBAE-hard and VBAE-soft. In addition, the average bandwidth of VBAE-hard is significantly larger than that of VBAE-soft on all three datasets. The reason could be that a large bandwidth for VBAE-hard helps to maintain the stability of the Bernoulli channel in training.
Although we demonstrate the effectiveness of VBAE by its application in recommender systems in this article, VBAE is a general framework that is applicable to any heterogeneous information system where one information source is comparatively reliable but could be missing, whereas another information source is abundant but is susceptible to noise. One typical example of such a system other than recommendations is the "audio-assisted action recognition in the dark" task [52], which aims to detect actions in under-illuminated videos. In the task, the visual information is the more reliable modality for action prediction but could be missing due to bad illumination, whereas the audio track always accompanies the video but may contain lots of irrelevant information (e.g., background music) for the action recognition purpose. To apply VBAE to these new tasks, the only mandatory change required is to design a suitable per data point uncertainty measurement of the first information source instead of the quantum-inspired measurement proposed in this paper tailored for the user ratings, to dynamically decide the information allowed to be accessed from the second source, so that the model will not overfit on the noise in the second auxiliary modality. Therefore, we speculate that VBAE could have a broader potential impact in areas of data mining and heterogeneous information systems other than recommendations.
VBAE In this article, we develop an information-driven generative model, collaborative variational bandwidth auto-encoder (VBAE), to address uncertainty and noise problems associated with two heterogeneous sources, i.e., ratings and user features in recommender systems. In VBAE, we establish an information regulation mechanism to fuse the collaborative and feature information, where a user-dependent channel variable is introduced to dynamically control how much information should be accessed from the user features given the information already contained in the collaborative embedding. The channel alleviates the uncertainty problem when the ratings are sparse while improving the model generalization ability with respect to noisy user features. The effectiveness of VBAE is demonstrated by extensive experiments conducted on three real-world datasets.
Autoencoders, unsupervised learning, and deep architectures. In Proc. ICML workshop, pp. 37–49. Cited by: §2.
Multivariate linear regression models. In Applied Multivariate Statistical Analysis, pp. 360–417. Cited by: §3.4.1.
The concrete distribution: a continuous relaxation of discrete random variables. In Proc. ICLR, Cited by: §3.7.2.
Stochastic backpropagation and approximate inference in deep generative models. In Proc. ICML, Vol. 32, pp. 1278–1286. Cited by: §3.7.
Efficient relevance feedback for content-based image retrieval by mining user navigation patterns. IEEE Trans. Knowl. Data Eng. 23 (3), pp. 360–372. Cited by: §1.
Stacked denoising autoencoders: learning useful representations in a deep network with a local denoising criterion. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 11 (Dec), pp. 3371–3408. Cited by: §2.1, 3rd item.
Content-collaborative disentanglement representation learning for enhanced recommendation. In Proc. RecSys, pp. 43–52. Cited by: §2.1, §2, 8th item.
There are no comments yet.Guest Myrrh Posted February 1 Share Posted February 1 Hello! I much appreciate this community and all your hard work. I'm playing BG1 Original, but I'm struggling with the poor AI. From what I understand, SCS used to be compatible with the original, non-enhanced BG1. Is that version still available? I can't find it anywhere online. Quote Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You are posting as a guest. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.Matthew Pittinsky wants the equivalent of disarmament talks between edtech companies and colleges. There’s still reflexive distrust in the academy of anything for-profit, he says. And he admits industry leaders bear some responsibility, since many haven’t done enough to understand the unique culture of higher education.
He has seen the situation from both sides, having spent years as a leader of Blackboard (he co-founded it 20 years ago), then heading back to school to get a PhD and become a professor, all before returning to business to become CEO of Parchment. EdSurge sat down with Pittinsky last month to talk about lessons from his time at Blackboard, as well as what has surprised him most about how learning management systems have evolved (or haven’t).
The conversation is part of ourThought Leader Interview series on the future of education. Below is an edited and condensed version of the conversation, or watch the complete interview.
Let’s rewind 20 years, to when you co-founded Blackboard. How did you even get the idea to make a learning management system, which was a new thing? (Though it’s hard to believe, learning management systems were a disruption.)
Pittinsky: Back then software was installed on premises, and academic computing was pretty much a cart with an overhead projector and PowerPoint slides. And it just struck me as odd that universities were spending millions of dollars on their administrative computing. They were wiring up the dorms, (this was before wireless) so the motto was “a port per pillow.” And yet faculty didn’t know HTML. They didn’t know how to program. How are we going to use the technology for teaching and learning? The answer is you have to make it really easy for the typical instructor to be able to bring their course online and then manage it online.
It wasn’t really about distance learning. I don’t think we had this big, disruptive sort of vision. What we were trying to do is just make it obscenely easy for a professor to create a course website, and then we hoped that would be like a pebble in a pond and have a ripple effect. Once instruction was supported online, it could move completely online. You could begin to do grading and different kinds of instructional tools. You can see how that could open up more opportunities over time.
There are many tools in Blackboard, and there are many parts of the software that don’t get used by most professors. Has this ever been a concern about the relatively low number of features that are used on average?
No, and this may surprise you. I don’t have that concern. As you mentioned, I’m not affiliated with Blackboard anymore, and I wouldn’t want anyone to take any comment I make and somehow attribute that to Blackboard. But my belief is that a learning management system is like an operating system for education. The way that I thought about it was that there’s 20 percent of functionality tools that 80 percent of faculty care about and use—discussion boards, chat tools, grading engines, certain parts of quizzes. Then there’s the 80 percent of tools that only 20 percent of faculty talk about, because they’re specific to a particular discipline. They’re specific to a particular pedagogical approach—if you’re using your portfolios in creative arts, versus whatever the examples may be, simulation-based learning.
And so, my hope and dream 20 years later is that we could walk into a university, open up a course website, and see that while you can recognize that there’s an off-the-shelf or industry-standard platform behind it, the actual learning environment is very distinct to that faculty member and what they’re trying to accomplish in their particular tools.
You recently offered some advice for entrepreneurs starting an edtech company in today’s landscape. One part of that surprised me: You said, “Don’t get too close to the instructional core.” Why is that?
Education is very political. The purpose of education is not singular, it’s multiple. You’ve got to network your stakeholders in terms of faculty, parents, students and the administration. The closer you get to being the actual platform for that degree of instruction, you often will tend to communicate that you can drive way better outcomes. My product increases math comprehension by A, B or C. I just don’t believe it.
It’s not like taking statins to lower your cholesterol, which we know works. It really is, under what conditions does it work? The closer you get to the instructional core, the closer you get to the political crosshairs of these different stakeholders that are involved, the more you tend to overstate or over-hype your actual impact on instruction.
The real question is, under what conditions do your technologies work? That’s the mature conversation to have, which means that you’re ultimately about helping, not doing. We help teachers teach math. We help personalize education. Parchment helps turn credentials into opportunities. Blackboard helps turn the internet into a helpful environment for teaching all ages. The copywriters always hate “help.” It’s this squishy word that weakens the punch, but that’s that.
Because you’ve been in this so long, I can’t help but ask, is there anything that has kind of disappointed you in the way things have evolved? Or surprised you about how things have changed, back when you had this kind of vision for what you want to happen?
I don’t want to be like the curmudgeon [who says], “20 years ago, we had…”
First off, I’m usually the outlier on a panel when people say, “Is education going to change X in five years?” I’m always the one that says no. I tend to think [it will be] 10 or 15 years. Even with that, 20 years later, in 1998, we talked about the flipped classroom. In 1998, we talked about star faculty teaching global audiences. I would say, even I am surprised by the slow pace. I was surprised that learning management systems have not changed as much as they could have. Given social, mobile, data-driven algorithms, and all the ways in which the general technology world has changed, I’m surprised that learning management teams still look, feel and taste the way they did back in the day. But that makes me sound like a curmudgeon.
You made an interesting decision after you left Blackboard. Immediately, you went the academic route yourself and became a professor. Why?
It really is just the thing I would have done if Blackboard hadn’t worked out. Literally four weeks after starting Blackboard, I took the GREs. That’s how confident I was.
I bet you didn’t tell your investors that.
No, I didn’t even know that we were getting those at first. What I had always studied to be was an academic in sociology, so I eventually got to the point where it was the right time to reapply for it. I got my PhD in sociology and education, and then became a tenure-track professor at Arizona State University. I did that for a few years.
At the first ASU+GSV Summit, though, coincidentally, I came across a company that eventually became the basis of Parchment. Couldn’t stop thinking about it. It wasn’t from a lack of love of the academic life, it was just even more, I had gotten hooked on the idea of Parchment, and so I eventually jumped back into edtech.
That’s an interesting perspective, having been a faculty member and an entrepreneur. Can you speak to that dual experience? Because as you know well professors often are quite skeptical of for-profit companies, and there’s this clash of cultures. Do you have any advice for either side on how to better communicate, or understand each other?
[We need] just universal disarmament. It’s incredibly frustrating, this bright line between you’re a vendor, and I’m an academic institution, and by definition you are corrupt and self-interested and I’m virtuous. If a tool was built by another university, and they came to talk to me about it, we’d be collaborating. If a tool is built by a for-profit business, it’s the devil. That really exists.
It’s absurd. It is absolutely absurd. In no other industry [would that happen]. If the CEO of Tableau was willing to come visit me and talk about data science and where it’s going, I wouldn’t think you’re trying to sell me Tableau licenses. I know you’re trying to sell me a Tableau license, but it’s like, “Holy cow, it’s the CEO of Tableau, let me ask him a thousand questions, get 15 great ideas, and definitely show me their five new things that are coming out.” That’s the best way to run my organization.
I say it’s universal disarmament because part of why that behavior has developed is really through entrepreneurs who don’t take the time to understand the education language, who overstate their value proposition of what they’re doing, who don’t understand education.
You mentioned Parchment, your new company. What is next as far as the way you see things changing for transcripts and credentials?
One key piece of what’s next is bringing all the different types of credentials that the universities issue into the digital age. That’s the certificate, and the diploma as well as the transcript. Obviously, micro-credentialing has been a very active area as well.
One of the things that you mentioned with vendor relations: I think some people will remember that Blackboard didn’t always have the best reputation in that regard, especially with its aggressive stance on patents, and suing competitors. Is there any lesson from that aspect of Blackboard’s past?
Again, I want to be careful [because I’m no longer with Blackboard.] They have the leadership team, and they probably wouldn’t appreciate me either endorsing the idea of a negative reputation, or refuting it in a different way. I would say, certainly, early on, we were truth, justice and the American way [and we had a good reputation].
But you’re right, certainly then was a point [when we grew in market share] and were enforcing intellectual property that institutions began to say, what kind of a partner is this? Again, my disarmament is about that. It is about, don’t think about it as a vendor, and as an educational institution, think about it as a partnership. Be selective. Absolutely be selective. You don’t have to treat everybody equally, but there are good actors and there are bad actors, and you lose a lot of value by not being engaged with the good actors.At Campbell Window Film, our goal is to make the world a more comfortable, beautiful, secure, and energy efficient place.
We love getting your feedback and wanted to feature some of the great things our customers have shared about what makes Campbell the leading company in window film.
Thanks for the feedback, Bob!
See what Campbell Window Film can do for you!Hi,
We need help in setting up alerts for web services.We are having 19 webservices and 10 agents groups.so all these webservices make calls from each agent group.I would like to differentiate the alerts from each agent group.can someone help me in setting up these alerts.
Thanks,
I don't think you'll be able to get any alerts that would be able to split by agent groups. The only measures that consider agent groups around web services don't consider failures so it would need to include a business transaction which you would be able to split by method or endpoint and there is no splitting by agent groups for business transactions that I am aware of. I would say the closest you could get is an incident based on the failure rate of a BT split by web service. Also note that the failure rates will be based on the entire PurePath not just the web service call.
JamesPosted: August 17, 2015
Migraines are commonly treated with a wide variety of medications, particularly the Triptan family. These drugs all work to change the neurotransmitter balance in the brain and to change blood flow to the brain.
The Neuromuscular Approach to treating and eliminating migraines is very similar but instead of flooding the body with dangerous medications that have frequent side effects it works its magic by changing the neuro input into the brain. The term Musculoskeletal normalization applies to dentistry but the same basic systems apply throughout the body. Musculoskeletal Approach to treating and eliminating migraines is an extension of the neuromuscular concepts.
The Trigeminal Nerve after amplification in the Reticular Activating System accounts for well over 50% of all input into the brain. If this input is nociceptive (painful) or it is merely the wrong input at the wrong time it creates of neural flood of neurotransmitters that can cause Chronic Daily Headache, Chronic Migraine, Tension Headaches and Autonomic Cephalgias.
Control of blood flow to the brain thru the meninges is primarily controlled by the Trigeminal Nerve as well. It is universally accepted that almost 100% of all headaches are mediated by the Trigemino-Vascular System which controls the blood flow to the anterior two thirds of the brain. Neurogenic spread is based on aberrant patterns of neurotransmiter release.
The only way to eliminate or treat migraines is to control input and output to and from the brain thru the Trigeminal nervous system.
One method that can be utilized is the use of the Neuro-toxin Botox to break the connection between the nervous system and the masticatory mucles. This approach carries dangers of acute reactions but far more troubling are reports of muscle and bone wasting associated with injecting neurotoxins.
The best method to prevent migraines and other headaches will always be to control the trigeminal nervous system input. It is crucial that all migraine patients know how the Trigeminal Nerves cause headaches and migraines. The trigeminal nerve is usually considered the dentist's nerve. It innervates the teeth, the gums, the periodontal ligaments, the lining of the sinuses, the anterior two thirds of the tounge, the hard and soft plate, the muscle that opens and closes the eustacian tube (Tensor veli Palitini Muscle) and the muscle that tightens the ear drum (Tensor veli Tympani muscle). It controls the lower eyelid and the tear ducts. The muscles that move the jaw are all innervated by the Trigeminal nerve thru the motor nucleus and it is here at the neuromuscular junction where BOTOX, a neurotoxin is injected. The jaw joint including the meniscus or disk as well as the joint capsule are all trigeminally innervated.
The Trigeminal Nervous System is the largest proprioceptive input into the brain and that system coordinates chewing, smiling, talking,breathing, swallowing and position of the jaw during all of these activities. Neuromuscular Dentistry excels in coordinating the proprioception of the teeth thru the periodontal ligament with TemporoMandibular Joint and masticatory muscle function.
A neuromuscular dentist can eliminate noxious input creating relaxed muscles and a calm nervous system. This is done by combining the use of Ultra Low Frequency Transcutaneous Electrical Neural Stimulation (ULF-TENS) that relaxes the jaw muscles and the use of a Diagnostic Neuromuscular Orthotic that is used to correct proprioceptive input and maintain relaxed muscle and nerve systems.
The basic premise of Neuromuscular Dentistry is to create a jaw closure path that does not introduce nociception into the trigeminal nervous system. The is initially achieved with the orthotic or orthopedic appliance. The muscles which are relaxed by the ULF-TENS are used to intelligently find the ideal closing point for the mandible that allows the muscles to return to their most relaxed position after function.
This eliminates the negative neurotransmitter storm (referred to as chemical imbalance) which known to trigger and maintain headaches of all types.
The musculoskeletal connection is that as our posture changes so does the relation of our lower to our upper jaw. The musculoskeletal dentist must adapt the diagnostic orthotic to match healing that occurs in the patient. The reason a diagnostic orthotic is utilized initially is to allow time for healing.
Substantial Pain relief, muscle and joint stabilization, and creating a healing environment for the masticatory muscles and trigeminal nervous system must precede more extensive treatment.
The use of Spenopalatine Ganglion Blocks allows more astute neuromuscular dentists to correct the problems in the autonomic nervous system as well. This system creates anxiety, worry and depression but also controls the automatic functions of the body like digestion, blood pressure and heart rate. The Fight or Flight response is invoked when we face immediate danger and our body ramps up to fight of a predator or danger or run like hell.
It stimulates our Sympathetic Nervous System that floods our muscls and brain with blood and shuts off our gut. It speeds up our heart and increases blood pressure. If we just came face to face with a Grizzly Bear we are prepared to take action.
If these same changes take place and we are at work, school, at home parenting this Sympathetic overflow becomes an enormous stressor. The adrenaline flowing thru our veins want us to act and act now but society oes not allow it.
This creates excess strains on the musculoskeletal system exposing underlying flaws which result in pain. It may creat anxiety or panic attacks in others.
The Spenopalatine Ganglion Block is a autonomic block that turns off this build up to explosive conditions. It would not be needed if we fought the bear and won or ran like hell and escaped but living life in todays society often means living with stresses that adversely alter out autonomic nervous system. The SPG Block allows us to restore balance to the sympathetic and parasympathetic parts of this autonomic system to create a healthy space for healing. Everyone living in chronic pain is also living with a out of balance autonomic nervous system. Pain and escape from pain are both strong sympathetic nervous system stimulants.
To best understand how Neuromuscular Dentistry works and the role of Sphenopalatine Ganglion Blocks I suggest you listen to these patients and understand what they say about their pain.
The first patient is Karen who has lived in costant pain for nine years and after spending a week at Mayo Clinic was told there was NO HOPE and she needed to accept that fact. Imagine how your Sympathetic System reacts when you are told learn to live like this, there is no hope. The second video is after she received a SPG Block but is already practically pain free on a daily basis.
The third video is a physician who had excellent dental work but until balance was achieved was still suffering. After one day he felt 85-90% relief.
Additional videos are found on my you tube channel at
Neuromuscular Dentistry combined with SPG Blocks may be your answer to problems you deal with daily. Contact us for more information on Chronic Migraine Relief, SUNCT relief, Tension headache relief, chronic head and neck pain and of course TMJ Disorders a frequent underlying cause of all of these disorders.Bungalow 5 French Empire Jolene 1-Drawer Side Table in Grey Leather
Product ID:57474
Processing Time: 7-10 Business Days. Delivery Time: 2-4 Weeks.
With a nod to the past, the Jolene Side Table carries us forward into the realm of modern elegance and luxury. The French Empire-inspired piece is embellished with custom nickel-finished handles and decorative hardware exhibiting the artisans’ skill and dedication to perfection. The table features a leather exterior with nickel finished hardware, microsuede interior, and soft closing glides. This item measures 21''w x 17''d x 25.5''h. Click on images for greater detail.
This item ships via motor freight.
Designers, please apply to our trade program for discounts.Twenty-three year old Sheila Matthews had been living with her Uncle Matthews in London after her parents died when she was very young. As this story begins, she is visiting the Aleksander family in Poland. Andrew Aleksander had met her when he had visited her Uncle in London and had gone home and talked about her constantly. It was after this that his mother invited her to Poland for a holiday.
Sheila had accepted the invitation, partly to find out whether she loved Andrew, but also to understand why her father had gone to Poland where he lost his life. But it was experiencing ‘family life,’ something she knew little about, in the Aleksander home that compelled her to stay longer than planned.
It was 1939, on the eve of war with Germany, and Sheila made the decision not to return home. She had formed an attachment to this family and to Poland and although her Uncle made elaborate plans for her to get out of the country, she didn’t follow them.
Sheila spoke German fluently and was taken for a fellow spy by a German couple who lived nearby. This placed her in a precarious position but her Uncle’s contacts within Poland helped to place her in the Polish Resistance as by this time it was too dangerous for her to leave the country.
Sheila became involved in an undercover mission posing as a German secretary when the vehicle she was in was stopped by Partisans. Now she had to try to convince them that she was not what she seemed.
This is the second time I’ve read this book and I enjoyed it even more the second time. MacInnes and her husband Gilbert Highet were travelling in Europe as the Nazis were beginning to influence the political situation in Germany so they saw firsthand the signs of tyranny before the outbreak of WWII and experienced the foreshadowing of the Nazi threat.
This book was published in 1944 so she was writing it while the war was in progress and the Nazis were winning victories all over Europe. She captures the spirit of the Polish people and their fierce resistance. She places her character in Warsaw at the time of the German bombardment and occupation and it is a very compelling and believable depiction.
As she usually does, a romantic element is included which was mostly believable – I’m sure there must have been episodes not unlike this during war. There’s just enough hope to hearten the reader but enough realism as well – most of the family she stayed with were killed at some point.
I loved the historical aspects and philosophical asides as well as the literary quality of her writing and recommend it for those who enjoy books set in WWII and for those interested in Poland.
My copy of the book was published under the title ‘The Unconquerable’ in 1944. It is mostly known as ‘While Still We Live’ – taken from the opening words of the Song of the Polish Legions first sung in 1797.
‘Poland has not yet perished
While still we live!’
Sheila imagined that the last days of Warsaw were the essence of Greek tragedy where it was known there could be no hope and no happy ending, but this knowledge did not end the suspense. ‘The vision of another captivity made life seem something not to be hoarded.’
‘Why did the Greeks believe so much in tragedy? They must have, or they couldn’t have written such good ones. Didn’t they believe that men must have a periodical house-cleaning in their minds and emotion? Wasn’t that why they gave men drama which roused their pity and fear?
…Pity and fear together make a powerful purge for any mind. A public which won’t look or listen to tragedy develops a sluggish mind. That’s what the ancient Greeks knew. And the richness of their minds has never been equalled.”
MacInnes uses this idea of Greek tragedy to highlight the fact that the nations outside Poland didn’t want to hear or believe unpleasant things. Britain had a foreign policy of appeasement and with everything moving so quickly in Poland, humanity would not be warned in time.
The author points out the Nazis’ organisational ability and thoroughness overall but when it came down to a personal level, there was jostling and petty behaviour where everyone was in it to build their own little kingdoms:
‘It is a point of honour with small minds to put such emphasis on material displays of importance.’
‘…being in command means you must also be in command of yourself. There’s no one to give you orders, so you have to give them to yourself.’
459 Pages
Linking to Reading Europe 2021: Poland
7 thoughts on “The Unconquerable (While Still We Live) by Helen MacInnes (1944)”
dynamite review! i like Ms. MacInnes a lot and have read some of her books; not this one, tho… i must put it on the list, tx!
Thanks, Mudpuddle. I love the WW2 & Cold War era settings of her books – as well as her philosophical asides on totalitarianism etc. They’re not just good reads but history lessons as well.
This does sound like a good one. I read a bunch of MacInnes when I was a teenager and have been rereading some recently. I don’t think I ever read this one. (Though I do find I may have forgotten the ones I read as a teenager, however many– ahem… 😉 –years ago that was.) Anyway, fun! I should look this one up–and I still need Poland for this year!
Hi Reese, I actually read this one some years ago but apart from some slight memories of the plot it was mostly new to me! So much for my brain.
Wow! A powerful review and powerful quotes. I might have this book kicking round somewhere. I’ve always meant to read MacInnes (my mother loved her stories) and how I MUST! Thanks for a wonderful review. I’m going now to write down some of these quotes in my commonplace book!
Thanks, Cleo. I think you’d enjoy her literary & philosophical bent. She was married to Gilbert Highet, a classical scholar and author who worked for the British military government in Germany – acquiring Nazi party property and locating war booty taken by the Germans from occupied countries. Interesting as MacInnes wrote a couple of books related to recovering stuff stolen by the Nazis.
As the others said, really good review! I would definitely want to read this.
LikeLiked by 1 personThe experience acquired during all these years in sales, listening, advising and service follow-up allow us today to respond effectively to the needs and expectations of our clients in order to achieve their objectives.
With the benefit of almost 3 years of successful real estate experience on the shores of lake Geneva, we focus on institutional real estate without neglecting objects such as villas or apartments throughout the French-speaking part of Switzerland.
JC&S Immo is the guarantee of a personalised service in the framework of serious and professional relations.Acting 2020 Mood Music as Miles 2016 The Exorcist (20 episodes) as Father Bennett 2015 Kill Your Friends as Tim 2015 Pan as Murray 2015 Beasts of No Nation as 2nd I-C 2015 Measure for Measure - Live at Shakespeare's Globe as Angelo 2012 Skyfall as Q's Assistant 2012 Henry V - Live at Shakespeare's Globe as Louis the Dauphin/Lord ScroopSuper15 : REFS AND LAW VARIATIONS REVEALED
SAN announced with nine first-time members of the squad including Federico Anselmi (Argentina) and Shuhei Kubo (Japan);
- Try-scoring bonus point criteria changed to encourage more competitive rugby for the full 80 minutes;
- Teams may now opt for lineout after time has expired;
- TMO protocols to remain the same;
- Organisation name changed to SANZAAR to reflect Argentina in the joint venture and;
..
Fans don’t have long to wait before the action continues with the Lions travelling to Tokyo for a historic afternoon clash at Prince Chichibu Memorial Stadium; the first Super Rugby match to be played in Japan.
The Jaguares get their maiden Super Rugby campaign underway in Bloemfontein against the Cheetahs while the Port-Elizabeth-based Kings re-enter the competition with a clash against the Sharks at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.
Round 1'Can A Person Change?': Martin Scorsese On Gangsters, Death And Redemption
Growing up in New York City's Little Italy, as a kid, filmmaker Martin Scorsese spent a great deal of time surrounded by images of saints and martyrs at St. Patrick's Old Cathedral.
"Those images certainly stayed with me," he says. As did the sermons, which often focused on "death approaching like a thief in the night. You never know when. You never know how."
Scorsese attended seminary school with the intention of becoming a priest but was expelled when he was 15 for being a class clown. Instead, he went on to become a noted filmmaker, directing Raging Bull, Goodfellas, Taxi Driver, Casino and more.
Scorsese's latest movie, The Irishman,stars Robert De Niro as a truck driver and World War II veteran who becomes a hit man for the mob. Like many of the director's previous films, The Irishmanfeatures backroom deals, shootings and explosions. But Scorsese says the film is also an expression of his "religious beliefs or concerns or obsessions" — particularly in the way it explores morality and what happens to gangsters at the end of their lives.
"I realize gangsters are bad," he says. But, he adds, "Can a person change? And can a person be redeemed? ... What are we capable of?"
Interview Highlights
On theopening sequenceofThe Irishman,which takes place in an assisted living facility
The opening shot of Irishman, in a sense, played itself out by listening to ..."In the Still of the Night." And when I heard the song, I just knew we had to be floating down the hall at this assisted living facility and wind up on this old man sitting in a chair. I get it.
I knew that ... it would be compared to the long take in Copacabana in Goodfellas. But it didn't matter, because ultimately, it's been 20 years, and so I've spent a lot of time in these places and hospitals and emergency rooms and assisted living places ... [with] people having difficult times in their lives and also people at the end of their lives. I know the routines. I know what it's like in the middle of night in the hospital while you're waiting because a patient is very close to you. What do you do? You just sit there. Nurses go by. The light changes. Lives go by. Beds go floating by. And all these lives, we know nothing about them. They just become old and gone. And it's a whole life has gone by, in a way. ... But it's the mood and tone of those places that I spent a lot of time in.
On watching movies as a kid because of his asthma
I couldn't really play sports or anything like that. ... My parents are old-fashioned ... and [if] the doctor said, "Don't do this." You didn't do it. And that was it. ...
The school was right around the corner on Mott Street, and for lunch, I [would] just go home. My mother was working, so I [would] just go in and there was a sandwich waiting for me, or whatever. And maybe there was a film on channel 11 in the afternoon. And certainly after 3 o'clock I had that apartment to myself. It was amazing.
I saw [Jean] Cocteau's Beauty and the Beast. I saw [Jean] Renoir's Diary of a Chambermaid. I saw The Southerner. I became fascinated by Renoir because his father was this great painter ... and I saw these pictures of the paintings in school. I thought it was amazing. Especially if the film had subtitles.
On how the flop of his 1977 film,New York, New York,led to him feeling stuck in his career
With the failure of New York, New York ... I felt the creativity was just punched out of me. ... It was an experiment, a curiosity, to try to find if I could ever care enough to get back on the set. ... I didn't care anymore. And I had to find if I can make another film. ... I think you have to be totally committed to it and you have to put everything on the line, whether it's your house, your relationships, everything, to really feel that you can make this picture, to say what you want to say. ... And so I didn't feel that anymore.
On what he believes about death now
It sounds rather naive, I guess, but the point is that I do believe in something beyond the material. I do believe in this machine we're in, this body, wouldn't be the same without the spiritual part of it, whatever that is. And people would say, "Well, that's the brain and synapses." Yes, but the brain is just a piece of meat, in a sense. There's something that happens that's transcendent. I'm talking about trying to find a moment of that. I think it approaches sometimes when we create something and we feel something from what we create that gets us close, I think, to a sense of transcending the material. And if we go there and stay in that space of transcendence, maybe that's where we wind up. Of course, we don't know, because it's probably the same place we were before we were born.
Heidi Saman and Seth Kelley produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Beth Novey adapted it for the Web.
9(MDAxODc1ODA5MDEyMjg1MDYxNTFiZTgwZg004))My interview with Jenny Robeson about why she started doing real estate.
I’m thrilled to introduce Jenny Robeson, who will share her journey in real estate with us today. She joined our team in September 2019 because she wanted to make a big life change. Real estate was always something she wanted to try doing, and we’re glad she decided to take the next step with us!
Feel free to watch the full message above, or use these timestamps that will direct you to various points in the video:
0:00— Goofing around a little before the interview
0:25— Why Jenny decided to do real estate and join the Dave Hooke Team
1:30— Jenny’s favorite part of her job
2:25— Jenny’s biggest challenge in her new leadership role
3:40— What she’s most excited to do in the next few years
4:45— Jenny is an inspiration to our whole team
5:30— Wrapping up today’s topic
If you know a buyer or seller who could use some advice, Jenny is a fantastic person to call. If you’re interested in talking about joining our team and you’d like to have a conversation about that, reach out to us via phone at (717) 216-0860 or email dave@davehooketeam.com. We’ll follow up with you soon.If you are experiencing a medical emergency, please call 911 or seek care at an emergency room.
Men or women can develop hernias. When they do, an organ or tissue can squeeze through a weak spot in a muscle wall. When surgery is called for, several options are available.
A hernia is a weak spot, defect, or hole in the muscle layers of the abdomen, through which a part of an organ or piece of fatty tissue can poke. Hernias most often occur in the groin or at the umbilicus (belly button). But they can also occur elsewhere, such as the sites of previous surgical incisions.
What Causes Hernias?
The belly button, for instance, is where our umbilical cord attached us to our mother when we were in her womb. After birth and the cord’s cutting, the hole usually will close itself. But some people have a persistent opening that eventually can enlarge to become a hernia.
People sometimes develop an “inguinal hernia” in the groin. This can happen with strenuous activity, or sometimes after birth, a baby’s inguinal canal does not close behind them, leaving a weak spot, which eventually can become a hernia.
Other hernias can occur at weak spots like old incisions, from strenuous activities or incomplete healing.
LISTEN: Dr. Pardo discusses hernias further on the Medical Intel podcast.
What about Activities such as Lifting Heavy Items?
Physical activity, especially strenuous and high-intensity exercise, can exacerbate or even cause a hernia. There are definitely some stories about people who exercise a lot and do a lot of heavy lifting, and they suddenly feel a “pop” and have a hernia. Those are acute cases; however, there is no need to put strict limits on how much someone should exercise, rather to be smart about it. When lifting heavy things or exercising, everyone should know -- and observe -- their limits. Anyone with signs of a hernia should be careful when straining or lifting, because the hernia can become “symptomatic,” which means it requires medical attention.
An “incarceration” occurs when something – such as a piece of intestine or fatty tissue – gets stuck in an opening (hernia) and can’t be pushed back in. A more serious situation is “strangulation.” That’s when the stuck piece of tissue or organ is losing its blood supply and starting to die. That requires emergency surgery.
When Should I Seek Medical Help?
Pay attention if you feel a lump that gets larger, or more tender, when you sneeze, cough or strain. If this occurs, see your primary care physician, or a specialist, for a diagnosis.
I recommend elective surgery when the defect (hernia) is large enough that, even if it’s reducible, a segment of intestine could get stuck, which could lead to incarceration or strangulation. We can repair hernias in several ways. There’s the old-fashioned “open repair” approach, which involves a larger incision. Then, there are more modern “minimally invasive” repairs. They can be laparoscopic or robotic. Their appropriateness will depend on the particular patient, the availability of the medical facility in question, and the skills of the surgeon.
Sounds like you might have a hernia?
Meet with one of our specialists to confirm if you require medical help.
Most hernia repairs today involve implanting a mesh. This is a screen that is made of synthetic material that reinforces the muscle layers where the defect, or hernia, is. The advent of the mesh has reduced the chances of a hernia coming back after it’s been repaired.
You should talk with your surgeon about whether you need a repair, and whether mesh is appropriate.Showing Collections: 1 - 10 of 11
Edgar Allan Poe Society Records
Collection — Box: S11-B2
Identifier: R0098-POE
Scope and Contents Meeting minutes, publications, clippings, photographs, and financial records.
Dates: 1923 - 2002
Maryland Council of Churches Records
Collection — Box: SXX-B1
Identifier: R0064-MCC
Scope and Contents Minutes, correspondence, administrative files, financial records, publications, reference materials and photographs
Dates: 1904-1971; Bulk: 1919-1971.
- correspondence 10
- Maryland--Baltimore 9
- administrative records
- Common interest ownership communities 1
- Common interest ownership community associations 1
- Community development 1
- Community development, Urban 1
- Discrimination in housing 1
- Economic development 1
- Express highways 1
- Food banks 1
- Food relief 1
- Fund raising
- Urban renewal 1
- Women poets 1
- World War (1939-1945) 1
- Young Men's Christian associations 1
- Young men--Societies and clubs 1
- maps (documents) 1
- surveys (documents) 1
- videotapes 1∧ less
- Names
- Acreage Land Company (Baltimore, Md.)
- Coleman, Elliot 1
- E.J. Gallagher Realty Company 1
- Eastern Supply Company (Baltimore, Md.) 1
- Edgar Allan Poe Society of Baltimore (Md.) 1
- Elfenbein, Jessica I. 1
- Ewing, Bill 1
- Franklin Day School (Baltimore, Md.) 1
- Gallagher Construction Company (Baltimore, Md.) 1
- Gallagher, Albert Norman 1
- Gallagher, E. J. (Edward Joseph) 1
- Gallagher, Edward Joseph, Jr. 1
- Garret, Robert, 1783-1857. 1
- Garrett Family 1
- Gogarty, Oliver St. John 1
- Greater Baltimore Committee, Inc.
- Lanocha, Frank 1
- Maryland Baptist Union Association 1
- Maryland Council of Churches 1
- Maryland Food Bank America's Second Harvest (Organization) 1
- Maryland Food Committee, Inc..) 1
- National Katyn Memorial Committee 1
- Neighborhood Development Corporation 1
- New Town Non-Profit Housing Corporation 1
- Northeast Community Organization (Baltimore, Md.) 1
- Northeast Real Estate Conservation Program 1
- Poe, Edgar Allan, 1809-1849 1
- Polish American Congress. Maryland Division 1
- […]
 […]
We […]
If you have a 2009 – 2012 BMW X5 model you may want to have it looked at. In Canada, they are recalling some 5,500 of them for problems with the power steering. Here’s a link to the story: 2009 -2012 BMW x5 Power Steering Recall […]
Beautiful […]
N. […]
Having power steering troubles with your 2009-2012 BMW X5 Deisel? Hope you don’t find out by accident! I had no idea BMW sold so many Deisel SUVs here in the US. Anyhow, they are recalling some 29,000 of them starting in the new year. If you prefer not to wait for the problem to show […]
The […]
Honda to Recall 800,000 Vehicles If your Honda Pilot, Odyssey, or Acura MDX from around 2003 -2006 just wont crank up, you may be getting help soon. 800,000 Hondas and Acuras recalled
While one of these guys is getting out for the holidays he’s left with a bit of restitution to pay off for steeling from folks! Justice done. Car Dealer Does Jail Time
Nice Story about a Vet who never gives up. No nonsense Vet story […]
These!
This new recall to begin in January concerns 5,800 different Mercedes-Benz vehicles manufactured from April 18, 2011 through July 12, 2011 and include S400, S550, S550 4Matic, S63 AMG, C300, C300 4Matic, E350, GLK350, GLK350 4Matic, CL550 4Matic and CL63 AMG models from 2011 and 2012 model years! The recall relates to the fuel system and may […]
Vol […]. […]
a
Did you know that a seller (with few exceptions) of a vehicle in CA has to smog the vehicle BEFORE the sale? This […] […]
Just a few Super Storm Sandy ruined vehicles on a runway! One car dealer says, “Just bring a mechanic, an attorney and an accountant with you when you buy a car!” As they used to say on “Hill Street Blues” “Hey, be Careful out there!”
Porsche 911 Carrera Looks […]
BM […]Olly – Daily Energy Tropical Passion – 60 Gummies
Description
Olly – Daily Energy Tropical Passion- 60 Gummies Olly Daily Energy contains Vitamin B12 plus CoQ10 and Goji Berry to help you power up. At this very moment your body is being powered by trillions of tiny cellular structures called mitochondria. Their primary purpose is to convert nutrients from yprogram managerHCL Mexico S. de R.L
5 años
jornada completa
no especificado
hace 2 horas
HCL is looking for a Program Manager that:
Has demonstrable Infrastructure project management experience.
Exhibits Lean-Agile leadership – Exhibits the behaviors of a Lean-Agile Leader with a Lean-Agile Mindset. Helps the team embrace lean agile, adopt and apply Agile Principles, implement lean agile practices.
Supports the team rules – The rules of an Agile Team are lightweight, but they are rules nonetheless, and the Scrum Master is responsible for reinforcing them. These may include the rules of Scrum, Kanban, and any other process rules the team has agreed, i.e. EPMO, RMO work item requests
Facilitates the team’s progress toward team goals – The Scrum Master is trained as a team facilitator and is continuously engaged in challenging the old norms of development to improve performance in the areas of quality, predictability, flow, and velocity. They help the team focus on creating increments of value each iteration and achieving daily and Iteration Goals in the context of the current Program Increment (PI) Objectives. of achieving the objectives of the Iteration.
Coordinates with other teams – The Scrum Master supports the team’s efforts to continuously improve communications and relationships with other teams. They frequently represent the team in the Scrum of Scrums (SoS- ITAG weekly meeting), helping the team remain aware of opportunities to engage and improve program effectiveness (see Program Increment for more details).
Enables organizational effectiveness – The Scrum Master works with other Scrum Masters and stakeholders to help the team contribute towards improving the overall development Value Stream.
Facilitates preparation and readiness for Program Planning events – Assists the team in preparation for PI Planning (PI task force), Program level Retrospectives, System Demos, and the Inspect and Adapt.
Supports estimating – Guides the team in establishing normalized estimates and helps the team understand how to estimate Features and Capabilities.
The Program Manager is expected to:
Effectively manage cross functional teams to complete requirement analysis, solution identification, plan or lead project deliverables
Ensure customer satisfaction for project deliverable quality and security norms
Prepare and submit weekly project status reports to confirm project progress to the customer
Location:
HCL Program Manager will start working from home, but willingness to relocate to Guadalajara is needed given industry norms will dictate the return to our work location in a timely manner.Ahhh… so now it’s 9am in the morning on a lovely Monday. I don't have classes on Monday. Awesome kan??
I just mandikan Alisha. Mommy made her wear “I LOVE MOMMY” rompers with cute white leggings. Comel.
*Is this the way to pout daddy??*
It comes in a pair. The other says “I LOVE DADDY”… Can't wait to go out with her with that baju. They have just left for work. Even my four month old baby goes to work on Monday… hehehe
I just got myself a new camera about a month ago. I was having a tough time choosing which model to buy but after a merry-go-round-touching-feeling-seeing-comparing-contemplating-considering –trigger-happy mode, I finally found one that settled nicely in my hands. Lo and Behold!
Canon 450D
think the Bride and her Partner are quite happy with the results of my 450D. You see, they have just started a new online business. They sell nice beautiful brand new bags, hairbands, belts and other women accessories at. At the same time, they also sell the some of their stuff for second hand at. So when the Bride gets some new items to be uploaded at the website, she’ll ask me to take some pictures for her. So I would happily direct her to do this and that and at the end of the day, we’ll get Papa-In-Law to comment on the pictures. Rasa berbaloi beli camera canggih. Hehehe.
I have created a new section of the Bride's business under Commercial Jurisdiction below. My advise is this: "Those who said that money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop..." (i got it from some blog review page... hehehe)
These were pictures taken before we went to our friend / neighbour's wedding yesterday. :)
Alhamdulillah, I am now on course with my CIFP course. (See here and here) This semester I have 6 subjects altogether. The names of each subject is still very strange to me (I’ve never had more than 3 words in a subject but for CIFP, there is one subject that totals up to 7 words!!!) Memorizing the subject itself requires effort. Anyhow, the following are the subjects that I have to pass this semester:
1. Islamic Capital Market
2. Syariah Rules in Financial Transactions
3. Syariah Aspects of Business and Takaful
4. Islamic Economics
5. Deposit and Financing Operations of Islamic Banks (See!!! 7 words)
6. Reporting of Islamic Financial Transactions
Coming from a legal background, some of these subjects are genuinely alien to me. Since CIFP is a postgraduate study, students are expected to understand the basics whilst the lecturers stresses on the detailed advance terminologies, concepts, issues, application etc. luckily for me, the Bride and my wonderful sister-in-law (SIL) took some accounting and economics classes when they were doing their A-Levels. So I have with me some of their books to help me understand the basic stuff while I try my very best to make myself look like I understand in class as I digest the words of my lecturer.
By the way, I heard that SIL was down with diarrhea (sheesh, I can never spell this word!) I hope she’s recovering well and “pinjam buku eh??? *blink*blink*… (Dah ambik baru nak tanya…hehehe)
The best thing is that there is no class on Mondays and there may not be any class on Fridays as well (to be confirmed sometime this week.)
Anyway, I’d better go mandi now. Have to study! Haha. Yeah right!
Blog adjourned.
6 obiter dictum:
what ARE you teaching ur kid. kecik kecik dah tau posing. adalah comel!
Mana ada ajar... It's in the blood bebeh!!! hahaha
Canon 450D, wow!
baby yg sangat comel ye, pandai posing lagi.ada mcm chinese look sikit.
Nurul:tq.belum reti pakai camera saya mcm awak. I like ur pictures. I told my wife "kena belajar amik gambar dr budak ni, dia pandai cari angle". :)
waa terharunya, sy punya camera nikon d40. basic punya je. canon 450D ni twelve megapixel kan, lagi lawa la hasil dia kalau ambil gambar.
oh ya semoga pass semua subject semester ni.semua macam killer subject je.dalam satu masa jadi ayah,jadi husband & jadi student.sangat teruja.
good luck
:)
alahai, geramnye tgk dier pout, rasa nak cubit pipi die yg tembom tuuh! geram, geram..Best Way to Train for a 5k During Pandemic
The COVID19 Pandemic has brought your running shoes back to business. Here’s the time to encourage your health & fitness plans to a large extent. An intense 5K training can get you exceptional health benefits and confidence. Plus, you can approach a delightful lifestyle & keep yourself lively throughout the day. Running is a fantastic way to sweat out your unwanted body fat, and 5K running is another important aspect of your running technique.
A 5K training during the Coronavirus pandemic could benefit both experienced and beginner level runners, professionals & everyday fitness freaks too. It is further distributed into different training sessions and programs depending on the runner’s potential. You may practice any of that session as per your convenience but first, understand what’s 5K Training.
What is a 5K Training?
5K Training is essentially required to earn long-distance running proficiency that could help you beat a local or state level marathon. Though it is the shortest marathon of its kind, many renowned professionals also prefer a practical approach to Training and warmup. Likewise, it is more prevalent among everyday joggers—the running span over 5 kilometers or 3.107 miles.
Therefore, it affects different runners differently. Despite the outbreak of the COVID19 Pandemic, you may undergo the following stages of your 5K training program being a beginner or accomplished too. Let’s explore!
Newbie 5K Training
Being a beginner, you can set a 5K training plan for eight weeks. It is suggested by the famous runner writer Hal Higdon. They call it a 5K Novice program that covers eight weeks of running practice. You may approach the following measures to complete Novice training successfully.
- Don’t focus on speed; just cover the distance advised regularly
- You can run until the fatigue and continue walking after that
- When you get your breath back and comfortable, you can continue running again. However, the distance remains the same
- Determine a day for rest & relaxation. It provides for your muscle strength
-
Intermediate 5K Training
This training style deals with an enhanced version of mileage & speed. Experienced runners often find it great for skill improvement. Following the requirement of speed, you should approach the summer season to schedule your running. Remember that you need to cover 12 weeks as such. So, improve your efforts accordingly. Follow these steps-
- Again, you’re not suggested to run very fast. You can see to your comfort level and then raise your speed as compared to the previous newbie approach accordingly
- You may schedule a longer run once in a week, around 5 miles through the same pace
- Try to raise your running speed frequently
- Don’t forget to warm up through jogging for the first 2 miles
Advanced 5K Training
This is something relevant only for running professionals. It requires exceptional strength & running experience on your part. Though you have to schedule 4-5 days in a week for running, you have to cover 20-30 miles as such. Additionally, you need to follow the enlisted set of rules.
- Run at an easy pace initially for 60 to 90 minutes. You may consider it a long run
- Moving ahead, you can run 400 meters aggressively and then switch back to jogging or walking for the next 400 meters
- After that, you can try tempo run sessions, which start at a comfortable pace and end aggressively. You can cover a long distance doing so
- Added stretching & warmup efforts alike push-ups, pull-ups are equally important
Best Way to Train for a 5K During Pandemic
Even where the COVID19 Pandemic is still haunting the world, people have started to implement specific ideas to bring their lifestyle back on track. With an effective 5K running plan, you may also bring your health and fitness goals back on track. Your fitness plan has nothing to do with the fear of getting infected. The globally renowned health institutions have suggested numerous ways to withstand the chance of getting infected.
Therefore, get up and say goodbye to your ceased lifestyle for the last 4-5 months and analyze through the following ways of 5K Training during the Pandemic.
Choose the Right Place
Before you start running, decide on a proper running location. Remember that you still need to maintain adequate social distance to protect you and your family from getting infected. The location should also exhibit the essence of nature that could help you strengthen your immunity system. Fresh air is indeed beneficial for your lungs and, consequently, your running performance.
Prefer Early Morning
If you belong to a metropolitan area, running in the morning could benefit you more. The content of air & chemical pollution in the air is minimum in the morning. Moreover, noise pollution starts affecting your inner peace & motivation in the daylight until late at night. As such, you can’t expect a worthy performance through your running efforts. However, you may go for an evening session if not available early morning.
Get a Company
Approach a neighbor or friend or a family member if you don’t feel encouraged to run alone because of the Pandemic. It’s entirely possible that you won’t find enough people on the tracks, making you demotivated. Moreover, if you’re aged enough to get an accidental encounter quickly, you must take your grandson or daughter with you.
Decide on a Pair of Sport Shoes
Deciding on a pair or two of sports shoes is something unavoidable, whether there’s a pandemic or not. An appropriate new pair of shoes keep you motivated throughout your running program. You need to analyze your foot dimensions properly before making an order. Moreover, you can approach many modern features that could enhance your running efforts. Furthermore, you can decide on a fine pair of socks that’s best as per your comfort. It’s always better to research about the right marketplace as such.
To help you with your running goals, we provide the best information on running tips and tricks, trending sports shoes & socks through our articles. We wish you a quality lifestyle through the health & fitness benefits of running. Also, check out our recent article on the Best Running Tips to Lose Weight in 2020 if you’re facing evil obesity and the fear of the COVID19 Pandemic. Stay fit!Page information on f80r
Descriptive comments
Last edited on 1998-10-10 02:43:49 by stolfi
Identification
Guy p213 (who calls it f80v), Bennett p189
Attributes
Description
Transcriptions
All transcriptions are given in basic (lowercase) EVA. Use the extractor to get transcriptions in another format.
Unit: "Labels on nymphs along top margin"
Last edited on 1998-12-10 03:22:14 by stolfi nymph #0 at NW corner, facing right
Takeshi Takahashi:
Jorge Stolfi:
John Grove:
Unit: "text"
Last edited on 1998-12-19 19:19:49 by stolfi "V" transcription by John Grove, posted 09-may-1998. Some of Grove's [kt] restored to [pf] based on other versions -JS. The {.} marks Grove's "detachable initials".2bbb39c82edc7368f1ce308cc82ba09e.ppt
- Количество слайдов: 29
Transforming to be an Emerging Force in China's “Internet Economy” July 5, 2000
Mr. Zhuo Fu Min Chief Executive Officer
Transaction Summary u Partner: – Shanghai Information Investment Inc. ("SII") u Cross Investment: – SIHL will pay US$120 MM for 20% of the enlarged share capital of SII – SII’s major existing shareholder’s wholly owned subsidiary has an option to acquire 50 MM shares of SIHL at HK$15. 90 u Governance / Management: – SIHL appoints two directors to SII's Board – SII’s major shareholder appoints one director to SIHL’s Board – SII seconds a Chief Technology Officer to SIHL u Joint Initiatives: – Cooperate in the existing Shanghai Infoport projects – Jointly participate in future investments – Access to the international capital markets 2
SII Highlights u Investor and project manager of Shanghai Infoport u Owner of Shanghai’s key Internet infrastructure resources u Innovator of Internet-based business applications u Partner of international Internet and telecom players u Leading player in Shanghai and China’s Internet economy 3
The "Win - Win" Partnership u Leading player in China's Internet u International capital markets economy experience u Pilot projects with national u Overseas brand name recognition implications u Public company management u Unique core competence expertise u Strategic investors / partners u Enterprise operating capability 4
Strategic Repositioning - The Steps Formed Partnership with SII Formed S. I. Tech JV Fund with Temasek and Vertex Agreed to form Shanghai High-Tech VC Fund with SVCC Acquired Sunway Biotech Co. & Merger Ltd. Invested in Shanghai Optical Communications Development Co. 11/98 1/99 8/99 3/00 5 7/00
Participating in Shanghai and China's “Internet Economy” - The Window of Opportunities Shanghai China Local Incubation National Implications u Interactive cable services u Over 100 MM cable subs in China u Certificate authority u China's e-commerce potential u Credit infobank u China's urban consumer population Bottleneck Solutions Global Internet Connection u Internet exchange u Facilitator of China's Internet economy 6
Joining the Unmatched Partners 20% SIHL 8% SRFT 8% SOPC 5% SGEG 35% SAIL 24% SPT 7
Mr. Fan Xiping President and Director Shanghai Information Investment Inc. (SII)
SII History u Founded SII u Initiated CA u Initiated ATM project backbone project Mature Growth Early Stage Development u Signed agreement u Alliance with CMGI with SFRT to upgrade cable network u Launched SIN, SCN & SHECA u Launched a & Compaq news portal (Eastday. com) u Signed JV u Strategic Milestones Timeline u Signed LOI with alliance with Gartner Group 9/97 3/98 u Signed with TI to 6/98 10/98 u Initiated provide broadband access solutions (Digi. Vision) u Launched Credit Infobank (CIS) Microsoft to develop advanced web services contracts with AT&T and SPT u Took control over Cablenet and initiated Interactive Cable Services (ICS) Shanghai broadband fiber network u Initiated SHIX project 12/98 8/99 9 11/99 1/00 5/00 6/00
Strategic Advantages u Uniquely positioned to invest in "bottleneck" projects u Ability to create synergies among investments u World class partners (e. g. , CMGI, AT&T, IBM, Microsoft, Texas Instruments, Gartner Group & GTE) u Financing capability u Strong government / shareholder sponsorship 10
Operating Strategies u Focus on value creation u Build and operate u Seek strategic partners u Apply advanced technologies and management skill sets u Incubate in Shanghai and apply in nationwide scale 11
Business Focus Telecom / Internet Infrastructure 51% 100% 30% 100% SCN Broadband Fiber Network Infonet SHIX (1) Value-Added Services Cable network with 3 MM subs Broadband fiber network builder and operator ATM / IP backbone Internet exchange 51% ICS (2) (Interactive Cable Services) 15% AT&T JV (Telecom VAS) 10% East. Day. com Converged offerings of Internet access, Vo. IP, e-commerce and Vo. D IP-based applications for MNCs News portal In Operation E-Commerce Enabler 45% 35% SHECA CIS 12. 5% Community Network SII IPS (3) Certificate Authority for ECommerce Credit Infobank 800 community Internet access points Internet professional services In Development 50% Digi. Vision Broadband access solution provider (1)SII has 100% operating rights 12 (2) SCN owns 100% of ICS project (3) SII’s ownership in IPS varies among projects
Infonet - ATM Backbone - Carriers' Carrier u SPT / China Telecom owns the remaining 70% u The only ATM backbone in Shanghai, North District one of the largest metropolitan area ATM backbones in the world u 1, 545 fiber km length South West District Pudong District Shanghai Online ATM Platform u 8 Core Nortel Passport 15 K switches, 41 Concoder ATM switches expanding to 268 u Carriers' carrier for ISPs and national telecom carriers entering the Shanghai market China. Net South District u LQA revenue of US$ 0. 26 MM National Broadband Backbone 13
SCN - 2 -Way Broadband Alternative Cable network before upgrading One-way and analog 49 -450 MHz transmitting 36 analog TV signals Cable network after upgrading Two-way, digital and interactive Set-Top Box 5 -860 MHz transmitting 90 digital & analog TV signals PC 14 TV Tel
ICS - Next Gen. Converged Offering Bank E-Commerce Multimedia Voice over Cable Broadband Internet Access 15
AT&T JV - Next Generation Telecommunication Operator Network Profile u First pilot telecom service project in China open to foreign investors u Connected to AT&T Global Network u Facilities-based u AT&T managed AT&T Pudong JV u Services to be launched late 2000 Targeted Customers u MNCs Services / Applications u VPN u Other IP-based value-added services 16
SHECA - E-Commerce Enabler Bank ISP Internet Certificate Center (SHECA) Customer / Consumer 17
SHIX - Local and International Internet Exchange u Only Internet exchange in Internet Overseas u Connected to international Shanghai ICS Jitong CNC Router backbones u Solve traffic bottleneck and facilitate China's Internet development u Aim to become a major Unicom Router Shanghai regional and national Internet exchange center Router SHIX 18
Synergistic Investment Business Objective Shareholder Value Interactive Cable Services VAS Certificate Authority Enabler Cable Network AT&T JV Credit Infobank ATM/IP Backbone East. Day. com Community Network Internet Exchange Infrastructure Broadband Fiber Network 19 Internet Professional Services Digi. Vision
Capital Requirements (US$ MM) 2001 2002 Infonet (ATM / IP Backbone) $ 8. 7 $ 3. 1 n. a. SCN 74. 6 2000 63. 9 18. 4 Network Upgrading 66. 2 49. 6 n. a. Interactive Cable Services 8. 4 14. 3 18. 4 Broadband Fiber Network 55. 6 52. 9 n. a. Internet Exchange Center 2. 4 0. 5 n. a. 9. 0 5. 5 AT&T JV Capital Contribution Total $ 150. 3 $ 125. 5 $ 23. 3 * Exchange rate: US$ 1 = RMB 8. 2 20 4. 9
Infonet ATM Revenue Projection 0% R 8 G CA * Exchange rate: US$ 1 = RMB 8. 2 21
ICS Revenue Projection R AG C 8 18 * Exchange rate: US$ 1 = RMB 8. 2 22 %
The "Win - Win" Partnership u Leading player in China's Internet u International capital markets economy experience u Unique core competence u International brand name recognition u Pilot projects with national implications u Public company management expertise u Strategic investors / partners u Enterprise operating capability 23
Mr. Zhuo Fu Min Chief Executive Officer
SIHL's Strategy u Committed to full-scale transformation • Cultivate new high-growth businesses through acquisitions • Upgrade and transit selected traditional businesses to e-commerce based by leveraging SII’s investments and new technologies • Divest non-core and stagnant businesses u Achieve substantial repositioning through forming partnership with SII u Identify and seek synergies between SII's and SIHL's investments 25
SIHL and SII Joint Initiatives u SII seconds a Chief Technology Officer to SIHL u SIHL invests directly in existing projects u Jointly participate in future investments u Co-operate in promoting businesses in China u Seek international partners to participate in SII’s projects u Access to the international capital markets 26
E-Commerce Meets The "Old Economy" Case Study - Shanghai Bright Dairy and Food u A 200 -plus convenience store network u Scope of products available for delivery is currently over 1, 300 u Over 232, 000 subscribers and 25% of the total volume is delivered through its distribution network 27
The Perfect Match Shareholders value creation 28public static final class CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder extends java.lang.Object
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate
clone, equals, finalize, getClass, hashCode, notify, notifyAll, toString, wait, wait, wait
public Builder()
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder maxBatchSize(java.lang.Number maxBatchSize)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getMaxBatchSize()
maxBatchSize- Specifies the maximum number of instances that AWS CloudFormation updates.
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder minInstancesInService(java.lang.Number minInstancesInService)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getMinInstancesInService()
minInstancesInService- Specifies the minimum number of instances that must be in service within the Auto Scaling group while AWS CloudFormation updates old instances.
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder minSuccessfulInstancesPercent(java.lang.Number minSuccessfulInstancesPercent)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getMinSuccessfulInstancesPercent()
minSuccessfulInstancesPercent- Specifies the percentage of instances in an Auto Scaling rolling update that must signal success for in the PauseTime property, AWS CloudFormation assumes that the instance wasn't updated.
If you specify this property, you must also enable the WaitOnResourceSignals and PauseTime properties.
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder pauseTime(java.lang.String pauseTime)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getPauseTime()
pauseTime- The amount of time that AWS CloudFormation pauses after making a change to a batch of instances to give those instances time to start software applications. For example, you might need to specify PauseTime when scaling up the number of instances in an Auto Scaling group.
If you enable the WaitOnResourceSignals property, PauseTime is the amount of time that AWS CloudFormation should wait for the Auto Scaling group to receive the required number of valid signals from added or replaced instances. If the PauseTime is exceeded before the Auto Scaling group receives the required number of signals, the update fails. For best results, specify a time period that gives your applications sufficient time to get started. If the update needs to be rolled back, a short PauseTime can cause the rollback to fail.
Specify PauseTime in the ISO8601 duration format (in the format PT#H#M#S, where each # is the number of hours, minutes, and seconds, respectively). The maximum PauseTime is one hour (PT1H).
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder suspendProcesses(java.util.List<java.lang.String> suspendProcesses)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getSuspendProcesses()
suspendProcesses- Specifies the Auto Scaling processes to suspend during a stack update. Suspending processes prevents Auto Scaling from interfering with a stack update. For example, you can suspend alarming so that Auto Scaling doesn't execute scaling policies associated with an alarm. For valid values, see the ScalingProcesses.member.N parameter for the SuspendProcesses action in the Auto Scaling API Reference.
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.Builder waitOnResourceSignals(java.lang.Boolean waitOnResourceSignals)
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate.getWaitOnResourceSignals() before continuing the update. To signal the Auto Scaling group, use the cfn-signal helper script or SignalResource API.
To have instances wait for an Elastic Load Balancing health check before they signal success, add a health-check verification by using the cfn-init helper script. For an example, see the verify_instance_health command in the Auto Scaling rolling updates sample template.
this
public CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate build()
CfnAutoScalingRollingUpdate
java.lang.NullPointerException- if any required attribute was not providedTaipei, Aug. 7 (CNA) Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp. was responding to pressure to expand its product portfolio in the mobile market when it decided to acquire mobile-web application company Dashwire Inc., a Taipei-based analyst said recently.
“It’s the right direction,” Joey Yen, a senior analyst at International Data Corp. (IDC), told CNA.
“HTC has grown to a scale that could not be supported only by existing research and development manpower, so the company had to expand its technological power and patent portfolio by merging or acquiring other firms.”
Facing fierce competition from rivals Apple Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co., the move will also save HTC RD expenses in launching ready-to-use products or services in the growing cloud market, she added.
HTC announced on Aug. 5 the acquisition of Seattle-based Dashwire for up to US$18.5 million (NT$536.7 million), saying that mobile communications and cloud computing technologies hold the key to the company’s future development.
Founded in 2006, Dashwire offers a range of consumer, social and device management software services for mobile operators, device makers and retailers. Its platform is available for Google’s Android, Microsoft’s Windows Mobile, Nokia’s Symbian and RIM’s BlackBerry.
Earlier in July, HTC purchased California-based graphics chipset designer S3 Graphics Co. Ltd for US$300 million (NT$8.64 billion) to expand its patent portfolio following a legal battle against Apple.
In February, HTC announced the acquisitions of London-based digital content provider Saffron Digital and U.S.-based on-demand gaming service provider OnLive, for 30 million British pounds (NT$1.4 billion) and US$40 million (NT$1.18 billion), respectively, to attract more customers through added services.
“These acquisitions may help HTC differentiate products in the cloud era and maintain a leading position over other Android device manufacturers,” Yen said.
The analyst doubted, however, whether HTC could offer as integrated a service as Apple’s iCloud service because Apple has created a closed ecosystem in which its supply-chain partners have to follow its own product customization rules.
(By Jeffrey Wu) ENDITEM/lsFriday 19th February 2021
During the Coronavirus pandemic we have been unable to leave the confines of our house and garden due to the fact that my husband his ‘shielded’ . We have therefore made great use of our wonderful log cabin either for a leisurely morning coffee or a relaxing afternoon tea.
We have therefore named it ‘The Orchard Café’ as it is positioned near our orchard and we can pretend we are going out to a café. A bit of normality in these difficult times.
Rob & DenHanoverdale Discipleship School
Every Thursday at 7:00 PM
Online & In-Person
Check out past video lessons and the link to our zoom meeting at the bottom of this page!
Every believer needs to be a disciple. But do you know how to be a disciple-maker? Join Pastor Pete as he teaches lessons in the new Hanoverdale School of Discipleship. There will be five different courses taught over the next few years that anyone can participate in that will help you know how to be, and then make disciples. Check out the full curriculum schedule for the coming years HERE.
The first course is a survey in basic Christianity. We will be looking at what scripture says about our faith and how that impacts being and making disciples.
Areas of study include:
The Word is Truth
Who is God
Understanding Man
The Problem of Sin
Considering Eternity
Jesus the Messiah
TheMeaning of the Cross
What is a Spiritual Birth
God’s Amazing Grace
Assurance of Salvation
Living the New Life
Check out the syllabus for our current course and a list of vocabulary terms HERE.
Meeting ID: 899 5307 3106
Password: jesus!
Arlington Pet Hospital PLLC
Arlington, Tennessee
Featured! Featured!
Daylily Animal Hospital
Hutto, Texas
Gulf Breeze Animal Hospital, LLC
Gulf Breeze, Florida
Associate Veterinarian Needed in Central Michigan; Great work-life balance! Three-day weekends!!
We are seeking an associate veterinarian to join our team. We focus on quality medical care for our patients, as well as a strong emphasis on ensuring a positive client experience.. 25-30 hour, Four-day workAfercoin AFR currently available for trade at all ethereun based exchanges such as EtherDelta McAfeeExchange etc. Soon will be added to more exchanges and to UniWsap.
You can buy, sell Afercoins at available exchanges and can also buy from this platform or directly from token sale address.
After you sent ETH/USDT to Token Sale address you will receive Afercoins to the same address you sent ETH/USDT from within 24hours.
Initial Coin Offering price is $0.10 per Afercoin.
Minimum amount of Afercoin you can buy from Token Sale is 1000AFR = $100.
Maximum amount of Afercoin you can buy from Token Sale is 100000AFR = $10000.
Token Sale address 0xc9650Cf15C62d5957374aDe0B4d6b16fa2414461 where you can send ETH/USDT min. worth $100 to buy Afercoin.
Token Sale start from 01 June 2021 00:00:00 UTC.
Token Sale ends on 31 June 2021 23:59:59 UTC.
Video tutorial for creating Ethereum wallet for Afercoin.
Video tutorial how to buy Afercoins.
Video tutorial about how to invest Afercoin with us for profiting.Our.
0903c02a82b24813
LISTEN AND SUBSCRIBE TO MICHAEL CEMBALEST
In this podcast series, Michael Cembalest, Chairman of Market and Investment Strategy offers timely commentary on the economy, marekts and investment portfoliosTheft crimes in California refer to criminal acts of taking another person's property or money without the consent of the owner. According to California law, theft crimes are either misdemeanors or felonies. If you receive stolen property, you may also face charges under California law. Under the California Penal Code 496, receiving stolen property is a severe crime with severe penalties. You may commit the crime of receiving stolen property if you buy, receive, conceal, or sell any property while you are aware that the property is stolen. Stolen property refers to property obtained through theft or extortion. If you are facing charges for receiving stolen property, The LA Criminal Defense Law Firm can help you come up with a good defense.
Receiving Stolen Property under California Law
There are many ways of committing the crime of receiving stolen property in California. At times, you may violate California PC 496 without even realizing it. For instance, if your friend takes jewelry from a store and you help him or her to hide the jewelry, you may be guilty under PC 496. If you purchase a cell phone from a friend or another person, yet you are aware that the person had stolen the cell phone, you may face charges.
For the prosecutor to prove beyond doubt that you received stolen property, the prosecutor has to prove several elements of the crime. For instance, the prosecutor has to prove that you bought or received stolen property. The prosecutor may also show that you are guilty of selling or aiding in selling stolen property. On the other hand, if you conceal or withhold stolen property from the rightful owner, you may face charges under California PC 496.
For you to face charges for receiving stolen property, the element of knowledge is essential. It must be evident that you were aware that the property did not belong to the person from whom you received it. In other words, you must have known that the person who gave the property to you had stolen the property.
Meaning of "Obtained through Extortion" or Stealing
You may obtain property through stealing or through extortion if you acquire property through various means outlined under California law. For instance, if you use any form of theft, including embezzlements, to get a property, you may be guilty of stealing to obtain property. Any property acquired through burglary, as outlined under PC 459, qualifies as stolen property. If you receive any property acquired through robbery as described under PC518, you may face charges for receiving stolen property. The California PC518 defines the use of extortion to get property from another person. You may get property from another person through extortion. You may be guilty under PC 496 if you receive property obtained from another person without the consent of the person. Extortion entails getting property from another person using fear or force and without the permission of the person.
Receiving Stolen Property
Receiving stolen property entails taking possession of the property and controlling it. It is important to note that you do not have to be the sole possessor of the property. Two or more individuals may possess the same property at the same time. It is also important to note that to possess property, you do not have to hold the property or to touch it. You may possess property without holding, touching, or even seeing the property. You may be guilty of receiving stolen property if you have control over the property or if you have acquired the right to control the property.
Knowing About the Status of Property as Stolen
The prosecutor might not accuse you of receiving stolen property if you were not aware in the first place that the person who gave you the property had taken it. For example, you may purchase a stolen car without knowing. If the prosecutor cannot prove that you knew the car was stolen, the prosecutor cannot accuse you of receiving stolen property.
You might be guilty under PC 496 if you had a reason to believe that property was stolen, but you went ahead and acquired the property. You may also face charges for receiving stolen property if you had a reason to question the credibility of the property, but you failed to enquire about the property.
Consequences of Receiving Stolen Property
When you violate the California PC 496, the prosecutor may charge the offense as a misdemeanor or felony. The prosecutor will consider various factors when choosing whether to assign misdemeanor or felony charges. If you have a terrible criminal history and you have committed other offenses below, you are likely to face felony charges. The circumstances or the facts surrounding your case will also determine whether the prosecutor will charge the case as a misdemeanor or a felony.
For misdemeanor receiving stolen property, the consequences include serving misdemeanor probation. The alternative name for misdemeanor probation is informal or summary probation. Summary probation does not have strict conditions of probation. For instance, you do not have to file a regular report at the probation office, and you do not have to meet with the probation officer regularly. While you are on probation, you should not commit an additional crime. The court may recommend probation instead of jail time. However, if you violate the terms of probation, the court may suspend the probation and recommend jail time.
Other than the summary probation, the additional penalty for misdemeanor receiving stolen property is jail time. You may serve jail time in a county jail for up to one year. You may also have to pay a hefty fine that does not exceed $1,000.
For felony receiving stolen property, the consequences include serving a formal or felony probation. Formal probation has strict requirements or conditions of probation. For instance, you may have to meet with the probation officer regularly. You may also have to file a regular report at the probation office. If you fail to adhere to the terms of probation, the court may revoke the probation and propose jail time instead.
For a felony conviction, you may get imprisonment in the county jail for up to three years. The applicable fines for committing felony receiving stolen property may be up to $10,000.
It is important to note that you may only get misdemeanor charges if the property involved has a value of less than $950. If you receive stolen property worth more than $950, you will get felony charges according to California law.
Negative Immigration Consequences
Receiving stolen property will have adverse immigration consequences if you are not a citizen of the United States. Any violation under PC 496 is a crime of moral turpitude. If you are an immigrant and you commit the crime of receiving stolen property, you may face deportation. This entails being removed from the U.S and sent back to your country of origin. You may also be inadmissible. If you are inadmissible, you cannot be able to secure U.S citizenship even if you apply.
You may get the crime of receiving stolen property from your record by applying for an expungement. You may apply for expungement of your record upon completing your probation successfully. If the court had imposed a jail term, you might have to serve the entire jail term before you become eligible to apply for expungement of your record.
Can you apply for expungement if you violate the terms of probation? Yes, even if you breach the probation terms, you may still request for expungement. If you get an expungement, it will release you from many of the predicaments that come out of a criminal conviction. For instance, after expungement, potential employers cannot victimize you based on your past criminal records. Your prior criminal records will not be present in the public domains but will only be accessible by law enforcement officers. Therefore, under California PC 1203.4pc, an expungement yields numerous benefits.
Receiving Stolen Property and Gun Rights
If you get a conviction for receiving stolen property, your conviction may affect your gun rights according to California law. For a felony conviction under PC 496, you may no longer have a right to purchase, own, or possess a firearm. The prosecutor may choose to charge the crime of receiving stolen property as a misdemeanor or a felony. If the prosecutor charges the offense as a felony, you will lose your gun rights.
Fighting Violation of PC 496 Charges
When the prosecutor charges you with receiving stolen property under PC 496, you do not have to accept all the charges. With the help of an attorney, you can come up with a defense strategy to challenge the evidence of the prosecutor. If you put up a successful defense, the court may reduce or even suspend your criminal charges. Some of the common justifications for a violation under PC 496 include:
1. You were not Aware the Property was Stolen
To be guilty of receiving stolen property, you must have known that the property was stolen. If, at the time of receiving the property, you thought that the property was legally acquired, you may not be guilty of violating PC 496. You may assert in court that you had no idea of the status of the property as stolen. For example, your friend may take jewelry and then sell the jewelry to you. You buy the jewelry thinking that it belongs to your friend. In this case, you are not guilty of receiving stolen property because you were not aware that your friend took the jewelry and then sold it to you.
2. You Had Innocent Intent
You and your attorney may fight charges of receiving stolen property by asserting that you had innocent intent of taking the property. For instance, you may be innocent under PC 496 if at the time you received the property, you intended to return it to the owner. You may also be innocent if you received stolen property with the intent of surrendering it to the police. It is important to note that this defense will only apply if you intended to return the property at the time you received it. This defense cannot apply if you intended to return the property, but you later changed your mind.
3. You did not Receive Stolen Property
For a conviction under the California PC 496, you must receive stolen property for you to face charges. Therefore, if it is evident that you did not receive stolen property, you cannot face charges. Not receiving stolen property means that you did not possess the property. It also means that you did not have control over the stolen property.
4. You did not Know You were in Possession of the Property
At times, you may be in possession of the stolen property without even being aware of it. If you do not know that you are in possession of the stolen property, you cannot face charges under the California PC 496. For instance, while at the mall, a person may take a video game from the shelf and shove it into your backpack. When the police arrest you after finding the stolen video game in your bag, you may defend yourself. If you prove that you were not aware of the presence of the item in your bag, you are not guilty of violating PC 496.
Prosecutor's Proof that You Knew the Property was Stolen
Upon accusing you of receiving stolen property, the prosecutor will have one aim, to prove that you are guilty of the crime. For instance, the prosecutor will seek to prove that you were aware that you were receiving stolen property. However, you cannot face charges under PC 496 if you did not have direct knowledge that the property was stolen. The prosecutor has to prove beyond doubt that you knew or reasonably should have known that the property was stolen. The most persuasive evidence that the prosecutor can provide in court is direct evidence. The prosecutor may have direct evidence against you if you confess to the police that you were aware the property was stolen at the time you received the property.
The prosecutor may also present circumstantial evidence against you. Unlike direct evidence, circumstantial evidence entails making conclusions and drawing inferences from the facts surrounding your receipt of stolen property. It also involves making conclusions based on your behavior. The prosecutor will then use the assumptions that suggest that you know or that you should reasonably have known that the property was stolen. An excellent example of circumstantial evidence is the removal of serial numbers from an item. If you also bought an item at a price that is much lower than the applicable market price, it could be an indication that the item was stolen.
What if You Return the Property to the Rightful Owner
The defense, if you intended to return the property to the rightful owner, is known as innocent intent defense. It means that even if you received the stolen property, you intended to give it back to the rightful owner or the police. The critical point of focus, in this case, is the juncture at which you intended to provide the property back to the owner. If immediately you gained possession of the item you intended to return it to the owner, you may not face charges under PC 496.
At times, you may take possession of stolen property with the intent to give back to the owner, but you end up keeping the property. For instance, you may change your mind and keep the property for your benefit, or you sell it to another person. If this is the case, you cannot claim that you intended to return the property to the owner.
A Conviction for Theft and Receiving Stolen Property at the Same Time
You may wonder whether the court can convict you of the offenses of theft or receiving stolen property at the same time. The answer to this question is no. The prosecutor may charge you with both thefts and the receiving of stolen property. However, the court can only charge you with one crime at a time. Under the California PC 496 (a), the law states that you can only face conviction of one of these offenses if both offenses refer to the same item of property.
How does the prosecutor attempt to accuse you of both theft and receiving stolen property? If, for example, you have stolen items, the prosecutor may accuse you of theft by trying to prove that you stole the item. If the prosecutor does not succeed in proving that you took the item, he/she may accuse you of receiving stolen property. The prosecutor may assert that even if you did not steal the item, you received it from another person knowing too well that the item was stolen.
Depending on how the prosecutor presents the evidence in court, the judge may convict you of either theft or receiving stolen property. However, the judge cannot convict you of both crimes at the same time.
Related Offenses
Some offenses in California are closely associated with the crime of receiving stolen property. The prosecutor may charge you with the related crimes alongside the crime of receiving stolen property. The prosecutor may also charge you with the related crimes instead of the assault of receiving stolen property. Some of the related crimes include:
1. Theft
Theft is a crime, which is closely related to the crime of receiving stolen property. California law defines theft as the unlawful taking of another person's property. California PC 484 defines the crime of theft. If you unlawfully take property worth not more than $950, you will face petty theft charges under the California PC 488. If you commit a crime of petty theft, the penalty includes imprisonment in a California county jail for not more than six months. This penalty is applicable for the first-time offense of petty theft. Other consequences for the first-time crime of petty theft include paying fines that do not exceed $1,000.
If you unlawfully take property worth more than $950, you will face charges for grand theft under California law. The California Penal Code 487 outlines the crime of Grand theft. The specific punishment for grand theft will depend on the actual value of the property you steal. If you commit the crime of grand theft of a firearm, the offense is automatically a felony. The felony is punishable by imprisonment in California state prison. The imprisonment period may be 16 months, two years, or three years.
Under circumstances where no firearm is involved, the crime of grand theft is often a wobbler. This means that the prosecutor may charge the offense as either a felony or a misdemeanor. If the prosecutor charges the crime as a misdemeanor, it is punishable with a jail time that does not exceed one year in California county jail.
2. Extortion
When you use force or fear to obtain property or money from another person, you may be guilty of the crime of extortion under California law. When extorting cash or property from another person, you may use threat or fear of unlawful injury to a person or property. You may also threaten a person of exposing or imputing on him or her deformity, disgrace or crime. You may even threaten a person by promising to reveal a secret affecting his or her life. The secret may be about the person or the person's family member. You may also threaten another person and get money from him or her by promising to reveal the immigration status or suspended immigration status of the person or of that of the person's relative. If you use the methods mentioned above to extort money or property from another person, you will face felony extortion charges.
The California Penal Code 518 outlines the crime of extortion. Under normal circumstances, the crime of extortion would be a wobbler and may attract misdemeanor or felony charges. If the prosecutor charges the offense as a misdemeanor, you will face jail time of up to one year in a California county jail. For felony charges, the imprisonment period is 16 months, two years, or three years in California state prison. For felony extortion, you may pay hefty fines of up to $10,000.
Find a Los Angeles Criminal Defense Attorney Near Me
If you are facing charges for receiving stolen property, it is essential to discuss the case with an experienced attorney. You should contact your attorney as soon as possible to give your lawyer ample time to review your case. The attorney will then come up with the proper defense strategy. Contact The LA Criminal Defense Law Firm at 310-935-1675 and speak to one of our attorneys today.ashes that itch at
Disposable Latex ,Gloves Walmart, With Ce Iso Surgical ,Gloves, Latex , Find Complete Details about Disposable Latex ,Gloves Walmart, With Ce Iso Surgical ,Gloves, Latex,Disposable Latex ,Gloves Walmart,,Latex Surgical ,Gloves, Prices,,Medical Gloves, Prices from ,Medical, Rubber Supplier or Manufacturer-Hebei Sanxing ,Medical, Latex Products Co., Ltd.
U.S. ,Medical Glove, Co. LLC plans to invest $32.5 million to purchase, retrofit and expand an existing facility in Paris that will employ 192 people and produce ,medical,-grade ,gloves,, Gov. Andy ...
_12<<
Nitrile ,gloves, are composed from a synthetic rubber which doesn’t create the same irritations and allergic reactions as natural latex rubber. Nitrile ,gloves, deliver superior protection, performance, and comfort you can feel - at a more affordable price. Go latex free with nitrile ,gloves, from Mountainside ,Medical, Equipment today!
Medical gloves, are examples of personal protective equipment that are used to protect the wearer and/or the patient from the spread of infection or illness during ,medical, procedures and examinations.
3/11/2020, · ,Medical, …
.
. Related Searches. nitrile exam ,gloves,, latex free ,gloves
80% OFF Dash ,Medical Gloves, Coupons Verified ... 80% off (1 months ago) Dash ,Gloves, Promo Code - Couponmedical.com. COUPON (4 days ago) Top 10 Recommended dash ,medical gloves, coupons homekitchenart April 22 2020 Health Save Saved Removed 0 Deal Score 0 8 Deal Score 0 8 Nowadays there are so many products of dash ,medical gloves, coupons in the market and you are wondering to …thanhtacles 1 Posted May 10, 2020 Share Posted May 10, 2020 · [IMPORTANT] Cura CANNOT save files with periods in them If you have a decimal or period (say, dot version numbers) in the lower left name, cura will truncate that string early right at the period and replace it with .gcode Link to post Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
thanhtacles 1
bump
Link to post
Share on other sitesSentinel Inspection Services
We are a locally owned New Zealand company based in New Plymouth providing non-destructive testing, heat treatment and statutory inspection services for clients throughout New Zealand.
A Little About Us…, New Plymouth is a modern facility capable of handling many client jobs.
Non Destructive Testing
Our NDT page details our range of methods and techniques that we can provide to clients.
Client Reports Portal
Our report access method streamlines the inspection and reporting process to save our clients valuable time.Romano Mussolini
A native of Villa Carpena, Forlì (Emilia-Romagna), Romano Mussolini studied music as a child, playing classical pieces with his father on the violin.
After World War II, he started playing jazz under an assumed name and by the mid-1950s, he had formed a trio. Romano Mussolini released a self-titled record."".[3] With his second wife, the actress Carla Maria Puccini, he had a third daughter, Rachele, named after his mother Rachele Mussolini.
Romano Mussolini was very reserved about his family history. It was only in 2004 that he published a book, entitled Il Duce, mio padre (Il Duce, my father), followed by a similar book in 2005, collecting personal memories and accounts of private confidences and discussions with his father.
He was the last surviving child of Benito Mussolini. He died, aged 78, in a hospital in Rome of undisclosed causes.
Two original paintings "CLOWNS", oil on canvas, format about each 60 x 80 cm (framed), by Romano Mussolini. Romano Mussolini war der letzte noch lebende Sohn von Benito Mussolini, dem "Duce". Both paintings (rare) are only with bidding not unter 15.000.- Euro available (15.10.2008) Including (see below) oil print on canvas "RICORDO DEL PADRE" (1980), format 47 x 66 cm handsigned (backside of artwork and certificate) by the artist.For a while now, we’ve been on a journey as a brand and as a business to hold ourselves accountable and do the best we can by our world, and by our people. As a super fund, our people are our members. As an employer, our people are also our staff. As a business, our people are also other business leaders.
Here, we’re deciding to share one part of that journey: our learning (and unlearning) of language. How, as a business that prides itself on being ethical and progressive, can we make sure that our language upholds those values? That our language includes, not excludes; welcomes, not dismisses; and witnesses, not ignores?
This is our constantly work-in-progress Inclusive Language Guide. We’re sharing it with you not to tell you that you’re right, or that you’re wrong. Not to chastise or claim superior knowledge of how to not be problematic. No; we’re sharing it to let you in on what and how we’re thinking about language. To invite you to add your experiences, your thoughts, your knowledge to this piece of work. And to hold ourselves accountable to making this work real in the way we go about doing our business.
We would LOVE any feedback, ideas or references you have of others who are doing this well. Please feel free to share with your staff but we haven’t made it public yet.
Here’s the guide’s current workings.Located on the Evergreen Catalog page under eResources.Multiple Resources can be found at each of the following links:
- Inspire – includes history, Rosetta Stone, newspapers, etc for research
- Chilton Library – repair manuals for vehicles
- On-Line Book Club
- Gale Legal Forms – available to be printed as needed
- Reference Solutions
- Evergreen App for Android
- Evergreen App for iOS
Thanks to the Academic Libraries of Indiana(ALI) for its continued support, allowing us to keep the Academic Search Premier package, and the State Legislature for allocating funds for INSPIRE.
Gateway for Library Budget
West Lafayette Public Library
Monon Town and Township Public LibraryEnjoy.
Located in a prime city centre location inside Hayes shopping complex, this cocktail bar with activities has all your entertainment needs all in one place. Aim for a strike in the boutique bowling alley, or enter an Escape Room and test your teamwork and skills under pressure. The vibrant arcade is packed full of classic games from the 80s and 90s. After you've smashed a new high score, grab a drink from the bar, take part in a cocktail masterclass, or enjoy a delicious meal in the restaurant.
5e2b226d1415c52752823442,true,false,400,1400;
2021-11-25T11:26:46.108Z
2021-11-03T20:53:33.344ZTitle: One-page autograph note signed Publication: 1850s-'60s. 125 words; 6¼" x 7¾"; in ink and very legible; very good. In this short speech he writes, True kindred, there can be neither peace nor prosperity for any country, nor consideration nor influence, if the liberties of any class, and the common right of humanity, are sacrificed, or unacknowledged, or left unprotected, for the sake of union. Subject: Americana, Civil War, Theology. Rulon-Miller Books buys and sells rare, fine and unusual books in many fields, with an emphasis on language, early and unusual printing, voyages and travel, archives, and appraisal services.
We are members of the Antiquarian Booksellers' Association of America (ABAA). All books are guaranteed genuine as described, and are returnable for any reason during the two weeks after receipt. We leave feedback for buyers once they have posted feedback for us. We work hard to keep buyers happy and to resolve the rare problem promptly. This listing was created by Bibliopolis.
The item "George B Cheever / One-page autograph note signed 1850 Americana" is in sale since Monday, November 23, 2020. This item is in the category "Books & Magazines\Antiquarian & Collectible". The seller is "rulonmillerbooks" and is located in Saint Paul, Minnesota.This item can be shipped worldwide.Inspiration
Do you feel inspired? We do. And we hope to instill a similar sense of inspiration within everyone we connect with. Which reminds us, thanks for visiting our website!
We built this tool for the artist within each one of us. The artist that craves to create something new and unique. The chance to express yourself and customize your life the way you see fit. And this sense of awakening, gave rise to ZIPCushions!
Now you don’t have to go searching for that cushion that “just fits”. Take matters into your own hands! We have your back. You measure and we help you customize! We intend to make this your one stop shop for everything cushion.
Hope we’ve been able to inspire you to try and build a beautiful cushions, just like the you want to, just for yourself. Click here to start customizing your life!Exceptional Remodeling and Custom Home Building Services in Isle of Palms, SC
At RJ Denton Architecture, we are a top-of-the-line builder and architect team. We provide exceptional home remodeling, custom home designs, and quality work for new construction projects in Isle of Palms, SC. We deliver quality designs tailored to meet your specific needs. We have over 29 years of experience serving high-end clients and providing them with custom designs that transform their living space into a personal retreat. We are guided by creativity in everything we do and find unique solutions for any task.
Find the Best Design and Construction Services
Bring Your Dream Home to Life
Our professional team can design and construct your dream home. We are more than just architects; we are builders that strive to take our custom designs to life. We aim to be your allies to help you have your dream home. Trust in us to take the time to listen to your needs and preferences to create a design that perfectly suits your vision.
Discuss Your Project With Our Professionals
Upgrade Your Living Space
We can upgrade your living space with stunning new custom cabinets, beautiful new flooring, functional home additions, and more. We are here to transform your living space into a luxury in-home experience that will increase your home’s value while giving you a unique place to live. Schedule your service in Isle of Palms, SC, and get ready to have a home you’re guaranteed to love.Working at The Children’s Museum is a fun way to get involved in your community, to meet interesting people (and animals), to help children discover and learn new things, and to learn about science, nature, and the stars.
The Children’s Museum Group with its main offices in West Hartford, Connecticut offers hands-on fun with science and nature for younger children and families, school and community groups, and homeschooled children. At the Museum and Nature Center, in our preschool, outdoor activities.
The Children’s Museum Group will inspire life-long learning among children and their caregivers by providing experiential learning programs covering STEAM/STEM, health, nature, and the environment. Entertaining, stimulating, and unique to the area, our programs will assist the development of curious, confident, and innovative children creating the basis for successful adults. In so doing, The Children’s Museum will continue to be a valued asset and partner in the community.
Posted 11/15/2021
Project Manager – Center for STEAM Advancement (CSA)- Full-time
The Children’s Museum Inc. Group (TCM) is seeking a Project Manager (PM) responsible for managing all aspects of a newly envisioned Center for STEAM Advancement Project under the direction of a Project Oversight Committee that includes community partners within the City of Hartford. The CSA’s aim is to at identifying an approach for understanding and addressing the issues and challenges facing Hartford area youth’s interests and academic achievement as a key element in their career and financial growth as well as the Hartford regions success and growth.
This position reports administratively to the Director of Operations of The Children’s Museum Group and programmatically to the Project Oversite Committee, Chaired by Adam Cloud, Hartford City Treasurer, and with members from each of the partner organizations, The YMCA, the Parent University, the Legacy Foundation, the Hartford Youth Scholars and The Children’s Museum.
Salary range: $45,000 to $50,000 dependent on experience and prior demonstrated successes
A detailed CSA job and project description may be requested by reaching out to HR@thechildrensmuseumct.org
Posted 11/11/2021
Roaring Brook Nature Center Administrative Coordinator/ Program Registrar- Full-time
Administrative Coordinators are responsible for general and clerical tasks around the office. This position involves general office organization, Data entry, financial and program attendance reporting, and streamlining business operations throughout the organization. Additionally, Registrar functions include tasks involved in the marketing and direct sales to families and groups for participation in Roaring Brook Nature Center (RBNC) programs with accurate and timely tracking of program schedules, payments, and attendance.
Essential Functions:
- Coordination of RBNC office functions and administrative procedures, including but not limited to: Database and financial input and reporting within the ALTRU database system, Information technology troubleshooting, phone and internet connectivity, vendor and customer communications.
- Serve as ALTRU Database lead at RBNC. Train with TCM ALTRU Administrator in order to train other RBNC staff and serve as the liaison for all ALTRU technology.
- Oversee the implementation of fiscal policies and budget preparation and tracking for RBNC in conjunction with the financial officer at TCM and the RBNC Director. Prepare FY budget reports and financial reports pertaining to RBNC income/expenditures as required.
- Serve as lead for daily cash receipt functions at RBNC.
- Attend staff meetings to stay apprised of RBNC procedures, event plans, and program schedules.
- Become familiar with the RBNC annual giving program as well as special appeals and grant proposals for specific situations.
- Coordinate education registration processes for RBNC programs. Work collaboratively with the registrar at TCM West Hartford location, for training and to coordinate when joint programming efforts are available.
- Assist in greeting guests, processing admission sales, and selling memberships and program registration onsite, over the phone, and through electronic communication.
- Liaison with vendors to negotiate pricing, coordinate purchasing, and facilitate the prompt submission of invoicing to TCM main office.
- Manage RBNC petty cash reconciliations.
- Ensure that all business reporting and communications are carried out in a timely and professional manner; including weekly revenue and/or monthly reports to TCM and various reports to the finance office, including purchase orders, employee timesheets, mileages, etc.
- Serve as HR liaison between RBNC and TCM main administrative office.
- Meet regularly with RBNC Director to review RBNC Financial metrics.
Essential Skills:
- Demonstrated knowledge and prior use of the Blackbaud* ALTRU Non-Profit Management software preferred.
- Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, with specific emphasis on spreadsheet applications that will support ALTRU and financial reporting.
- Intermediate knowledge of IT equipment and hardware.
- Must possess strong networking skills and be comfortable with reaching out to identify the necessary support needed to address challenges.
- Demonstrates strong, positive communication and organizational skills.
- Ability to prioritize projects, meet deadlines, and produce quality results within an appropriate period.
- Proven ability to effectively manage multiple priorities concurrently.
- Ability to provide excellent customer service and public relations outreach.
- The ability to quickly immerse oneself in the organization’s culture and mission and demonstrate an understanding of the overall business and organizational objectives.
- Demonstrate a solid understanding of successful business processes and financial reporting.
- Ability to foster a team approach and work collaboratively to move agenda.
- Recognize the need to work inter-departmentally and support operational functions of the organization as needed.
- Must have efficient and strong time and record-keeping management skills.
- Must possess a high level of attention to detail and security to maintain accurate and efficient cash control within the organization’s financial management practices.
- Willingness to travel as needed to the organization’s main business office, currently located in West Hartford CT. for training and meetings as required.
Qualifications:
- Minimum of a High School Diploma with multiyear experience in the use of client/revenue tracking databases, cash management, and prior office management.
- Prior experience in Not-For-Profit organizations preferred.
This position is full-time at 40 hours per week and is non-exempt. Insurance and PTO benefits avail. Routine weekend availability required.
Salary range: $15/hr to $18/hr dependent on experience and prior demonstrated successes
Worksite Location: Roaring Brook Nature Center, 70 Gracey Road Canton CT, 06019
This position reports to the Roaring Brook Nature Center Director
Posted 8/26/2021
Museum STEM/STEAM Educator- Full-time
Museum STEM Educators are responsible for delivering highly engaging, interactive, and scientifically accurate programs to Pre-K through Middle School students alongside their teachers, parents, and caregivers informal classroom and informal community settings. Educators deliver programs both onsite within the museum as well as within schools, libraries, and community centers throughout Connecticut and into neighboring Massachusetts, New York, and Rhode Island. Programs occur in both small group settings with interactive hands-on instruction and large auditorium-style demonstration programs. Educators are responsible for aiding in the design and prototyping of new curriculum and workshops for the Education Department.
Essential Functions:
- Develops, tests, and trains co-educators in STEM/STEAM curricula for Pre-K –Middle School. Curricula are designed as individual programs that are standalone presentations and may also be designed as a series of programs that build upon each workshop over a series of engagements.
- Assists in the writing and documentation of curricula and supplemental educational materials.
- Teaches programs to groups visiting the museum.
- Travels to schools and other community locations to present outreach programs at their site.
- Teaching science programs both at our onsite preschool and as outreach at other preschools.
- Teaching series of programs on an ongoing basis in afterschool settings.
- Assisting with curriculum development and instruction within our homeschool program series
- Assisting with vacation science camp, science themes birthday experiences, and public programs within the museum.
- Share responsibilities for covering general admission tasks including, greeting guests, processing admission/membership sales, monitoring exhibit galleries, fielding customer service questions, and general housekeeping duties.
- Maintain, clean and inventory equipment and supplies
- Other related duties as assigned.
Essential Skills:
- Must be a dynamic presenter who can comfortably present effective, age-appropriate, and engaging presentation and communication skills in front of both children and adult audiences, in both small groups and for large assemblies.
- Deliver educational experiences in a highly entertaining and engaging manner.
- Must demonstrate the ability to manage children’s behavior and safety in group settings.
- Must have excellent project management skills and demonstrate the ability to work effectively and efficiently within a team and thorough the completion of assigned tasks.
- Must be able to handle multiple projects and tasks through to completion.
- Solid working knowledge of science and engineering processes and concepts.
- Must have the knowledge to design and fabricate STEM demonstration models used to enhance STEM curriculum during demonstrations.
- Expected to maintain equipment and supplies used in programming including minor maintenance as needed.
- Must have a willingness to learn how to handle and present with live animals during presentations.
- Must project a positive attitude with both customers and co-workers.
- Must be able to lift 20-50 lbs of education equipment into and out of vehicles and within assigned teaching spaces. Access to teaching spaces may require the ability to bring equipment and supplies up and down stairs and be in the out of doors.
- Flexible scheduling is necessary to assist with early morning, evening, and weekend programs.
Qualifications:
- Candidates should have a college degree or equivalent related work experience in education, science, engineering, or technology.
- Preference is given to candidates who can demonstrate a solid understanding of physics/chemistry/engineering concepts.
- Prior experience in museums or related institutions is preferred.
- Proven experience teaching and working with youth
- Must have a valid driver’s license and clean driving record. Access to a reliable and insured vehicle is required for offsite travel
This position is full-time at 40 hours per week and is non-exempt. Insurance and PTO benefits are available.
Salary range: $15/hr to $18/hr dependent on experience and prior demonstrated successes
This position reports to the Education CoordinatorUnless you have a crazy, unwavering work ethic, then you’ve probably been distracted by the internet when you should be doing something productive.
We’ve all been there, and some of us have been there more than others.
Today, I’m going to share some time tracking PC software with you. This software is designed to help you stay productive even when you’re being bombarded by the wonders of YouTube, Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, and all the other gems the internet has to offer.
Manic Time
Manic Time is a popular PC software program that silently runs in the background. You choose your day, your start time, and end time, and the software tracks all your programs, applications, and documents used throughout the day. No self-reporting required!
Obviously, the biggest advantages of Manic Time is the fact that it automatically tracks which apps, webpages, and programs you had open during your work period. So instead of putting in a half-effort for two hours while watching videos on half your monitor, Manic Time will save that information and shame you into feeling bad about your poor work ethic.
All of this information is clearly displayed on the program’s main page. It’s free to try for an unlimited period of time, although the free trial has limited features. The software itself is relatively expensive at a price of $67.
Klok
Klok features all of the amenities of a modern-day time tracking tool and costs about what you would expect for high-tech software: $99.99. Yes, that’s a bit more than the average user is probably willing to pay, but people who depend on billable hours for invoices will appreciate the added features.
Those features include the nicest looking interface out of any of the software listed here as well as a team console, cloud tracking, and a remarkably simple entry system. For all its bells and whistles, Klok has a remarkably simple UI that’s easy to appreciate.
Unfortunately, both of the time tracking software listed here isn’t free. If you’re at FixMyPCFree.com, then you probably want free software, right?
Fortunately, there are plenty of free options available. Here are our two favorites:
Toggl
At Toggl.com, you’ll get one of the most popular free time tracking apps available today. Basic time tracking is always free, although users can unlock all features for $5 per month. There are mobile apps and detailed breakdowns of the minutes, hours, and weeks you spent wasting time. You can also arrange different times according to your projects. It’s also available both online and offline.
SlimTimer
If you want a basic, barebones time tracking tool, then SlimTimer is an excellent option. It claims to have logged 22,632,764 hours since 2006, making it one of the oldest time tracking tools available today.
SlimTimer involves just a few simple steps: you create your tasks, time your work, and export that information to your computer in spreadsheet form. That’s it. There’s nothing fancy about it and there’s no apps, but if you want a simple and effective time tracking tool, you could do worse than SlimTimer.
The AppsEvents Training Team (on behalf of LGfL) are currently providing online webinar opportunities for staff at LGfL schools based on Google for Education tools. They cover a wide range of Google for Education tools and are aimed at new users. These webinars are included in your Let’s Get Digital Subscription, so are provided at no additional cost.
The AppsEvents Training Team suggest that the best way to learn and appreciate how the tools can be used for distance learning opportunities during COVID-19 school closures is to attend, where possible, all the webinars as this will give you an overview of how the tools can be used in combination. However, they appreciate this may not be possible so you can access whichever ones you feel will be of most use in isolation too.
The tools you may begin to experiment with during closure all have a place in teaching and learning when schools reopen and are used by many teachers every day in and out of the classroom.
To attend one (or several) of the webinars just sign up here.
Currently on offer (with more being added) are the following webinars:
Distance Learning – Using Hangouts Meet
Get familiar with G Suite’s video conferencing tool, Google Meet. There have been loads of updates in the last few weeks based on teacher feedback making this better and better for distance learning. Whether staff meetings, direct teaching or for recording lessons, find out how this can support your distance learning strategy. You will leave with an understanding of how you can create meeting links directly, from Google calendar or soon from Google Classroom!
Distance Learning – Intro to Google Classroom
Google Classroom is the mission control for teachers. With 40 million users before the current COVID-19 situation started, the use has grown as a place to manage learning and resources during distance learning. Learn as a student in the Classroom before creating your own. You will leave with an understanding of how to create a class and add resources and assignments.
Distance Learning – Google Forms for Check-ins and Quizzes
Need a way to gauge learners’ mood or a quick self-marking quiz for checking understanding? Google Forms are a survey and quiz tool you can share easily via a link to engage learners, poll guardians or get feedback from colleagues. Learn how to create a simple mood check-in, a self-marking quiz and explore how you can use Google forms for distance learning.
Distance Learning – Google Sites
Parents and carers are asking for a simple way to find information about home schooling from their child’s school. A Google Site is a great and easy way for teachers to create a single place for children and parents/carers to go to find information, learning materials and more. Easy to edit, update and maintain, schools find a Google Site is invaluable as a learning portal, parent portal or staff portal. Leave with the ability to create, edit and share a website in minutes.
Distance Learning – G Suite for Primary Schools
These webinars are focussed on those new to GSuite and tools. For teachers using digital tools and looking to expand their use in a primary setting, this webinar has loads of ideas, strategies and tools to get even more learning from your children, even if they are not in your classroom. Learn from Rachel Coathup, an experienced primary teacher to explore Seesaw, Jamboard, Flipgrid, EdPuzzle, Kahoot and many other tools ideal for primary teachers.
What Are You Waiting For?
I would suggest experimenting with the tools with some colleagues to get some practise in, that way you can try and fail, and then try again! What better time will there be than this, when people are understanding that this is new to many and will be understanding whilst teachers get to grips with different tools to continue to teach their pupils?
Training Portals
LGfL is committed to helping teachers to harness technology and welcome feedback on what other support we can offer you during these unprecedented times and beyond.
In the meantime, you could also visit these training portals where they host webinars and in some cases give you the opportunity to gain accreditation:
Google: and they also have (Teach from Home – a temporary hub of information and tools to help teachers during the Coronavirus crisis).
Microsoft: A focussed learning environment isn’t easy to achieve away from the physical classroom. Microsoft is offering support with multimedia online experiences that keep educators, students, and families connected. Visit
Adobe: get instant access to free courses, workshops, and teaching resources — and connect with the creative education community. In addition, Domic Traynor (@dom_traynor) is the Education Evangelist for Adobe, he supports many LGfL schools to get started with using their Adobe Creative Cloud licences and has started a YouTube channel where he will be uploading Spark tutorial videos in the upcoming weeks.
Apple Education Learning Series: This series is presented by the Apple Education Leadership and Learning teams. Each video is designed to help educators use Apple products and their built-in features to enable remote learning for all students.
As a follow-up to the series, educators can also participate in virtual conferences led by Apple Professional Learning Specialists. Visit the virtual conferences schedule to find events in your time zone. Each virtual conference will run for approximately 30 minutes and will provide an opportunity for educators to engage in dialogue with Apple’s teams about the content provided in each video. (Virtual conferences are available in English only)
To help ease the burden, if you are on Twitter or Facebook do look at #RemoteLearning #Edtech #HomeLearningUK people are being encouraged to share resources and make learning accessible by adopting these hashtags.
Remember, if you need any support with our learning content you can contact the Inspire Team by emailing contentsupport@lgfl.net or contact the LGfL Switchboard: 020 82 555 555.
Also visit coronavirus.lgfl.net which we are continually updated with advice and support during the partial school closures.
Finally, please do let us know what further support you would like to see LGfL offer during the school closures by posting them on LGfL’s Twitter or Facebook pages.IADIS INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER GRAPHICS, VISUALIZATION, COMPUTER VISION AND IMAGE PROCESSING 2010 Freiburg, Germany, 27-29 July 2010 ( ) part of the IADIS Multi Conference on Computer Science and Information Systems (MCCSIS 2010) Freiburg, Germany 26-31 July 2010 ( ) * Conference background and goals The IADIS Computer Graphics, Visualization, Computer Vision and Image Processing (CGVCVIP) 2010 conference aims to address the main issues on Computer Graphics, Visualization, Computer Vision and Image Processing. * Computer Graphics, Visualization, Computer Vision and Image Processing are of interest. These include, but are not limited to the following areas: Computer Graphics [ shortened by moderator...] Visualization [ shortened by moderator...] [ shortened by moderator...] * Important Dates: - Submission Deadline: 19 February 2010 - Notification to Authors: 19 March 2010 - Final Camera-Ready Submission and Early Registration: Until 12 April 2010 - Late Registration: After 12 April 2010 - Conference: Freiburg, Germany, 27-29 July 2010 * Conference Location The conference will be held in Freiburg, Germany. * Secretariat IADIS Secretariat - IADIS INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE COMPUTER GRAPHICS, VISUALIZATION, COMPUTER VISION AND IMAGE PROCESSING 2010 Rua Sao Sebastiao da Pedreira, 100, 3, 1050-209 Lisbon, Portugal mailto:secretariat@CGV-conf.org * Program Committee Computer Graphics, Visualization, Computer Vision and Image Processing 2010 Program Chair Yingcai Xiao, The University of Akron, USA General MCCSIS Conference Co-Chairs: Piet Kommers, University of Twente, The Netherlands Pedro Isa=EDas, Universidade Aberta (Portuguese Open University), Portugal Dirk Ifenthaler, Albert-Ludwigs-Universit=E4t Freiburg, Germany Nian-Shing Chen, National Sun Yat-sen University, Taiwan For committee list please refer toMy heart remembers . . ..
The food was wonderful, but it was the effect of the fire and the flickering bayberry candles—and the anticipation of gifts and the arrival of our grandparents—that—washing.
My warmest wishes to each and every one of you. Have a wonderful holiday!
Lorinda
A very happy holiday to you, too!
I loved that story the first time I read it, and I like it even more now. Here’s to new precious memories in the coming year!
Thank you, Mary Rose! New ones are always wonderful, but old ones are still gold.
Loved reading about your Christmas memories. Made me reflect back on mine. Remember when you came with my family to an evening service?It must have been Christmas eve? I say this, because I vividly remember we were singing Silent Night. I remember my Dad singing at the top of his lungs OFF TUNE. You and I were singing at the top of our lungs trying to drown him out, but the louder we tried to sing, the louder he got. I think we gave up laughing. Funny the things you remember. Merry Christmas, my friend. I am definitely going to have to try your crab chowder. xxoo.
I remember the Christmas Eve service when it started snowing and we could see it through the stained glass window. I must have been 16, because I drove myself there (was very excited about doing that) and drove home in the snow for the first time. But what a glorious feeling it was, seeing the snow fall outside.
You’ll love the chowder. It’s rich and fattening, but oh-so-good.
Thanks for coming by, my dear friend.Corrections officers monitor inmates and maintain order in prisons and jails. Forensic science technicians collect and analyze evidence to solve crimes.
How much does a criminal justice technology make?
As of May 13, 2021, the average annual pay for a Criminal Justice Technology in the United States is $60,930 a year.
Is criminal justice technology the same as criminal justice?
With computers in the patrol cars, body cameras and surveillance, and technological innovations at the scene of the crime and in forensics processing, technology used in criminal justice is everywhere. It’s no longer just a nerdy specialization – criminal justice technology is central to criminal justice.
How does technology help criminal justice?
In criminal justice, collection of data helps the legal experts in more than one way. For example, it is much easier to identify suspects by storing DNA and fingerprints in databases. Data is also helpful for law enforcement agencies for recognizing trends of crime and initiating appropriate action.
Is criminal justice a technical degree?
The Associate of Criminal Justice Technology degree program lays the groundwork for students interested in a criminology career, whether they enter the field directly or pursue additional studies, such as police academy training or a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice.
What’s the highest paying job in criminal justice?
Ranking the Top 10 Highest Paying Criminal Justice Careers
- Lawyers. …
- Private Investigators and Detectives. …
- Police Officers. …
- Federal Marshals. …
- Forensics Analysts. …
- Paralegals. …
- Probation Officers. …
- Corrections Officers..
What is criminal justice technology forensic science?
Forensic science is a critical element of the criminal justice system. Forensic scientists examine and analyze evidence from crime scenes and elsewhere to develop objective findings that can assist in the investigation and prosecution of perpetrators of crime or absolve an innocent person from suspicion.
How does technology increase crime?
Technology is also providing criminals with new methods of intrusion into ATMs and similar systems. … Criminal groups involved in the theft of motor vehicles increasingly rely on high tech tools to gain access to vehicles and to overcome security measures.
How does technology affect law enforcement?
In conclusion, technology has resulted in many advantages for law enforcement. Advanced technological equipment can reduce manpower shortages, increase officer safety, and help officers do their job more easily. However, technology can also become a stressor for officers.
How is technology used to solve crimes?
These handheld devices can be used at a crime scene to collect digital fingerprints and then used on witnesses to see if a perpetrator is still at the scene of a crime. Technology continues to improve law enforcement and, in turn, the relationship between law enforcement officers and the communities they serve.
What is criminal justice administration?
Criminal Justice Administration Definition. Criminal justice administration focuses on the leadership and operations of the various aspects of the criminal justice system, such as the courts and law enforcement, which work together to help prevent and punish crime. Community Results Found: 32 Button group with nested dropdown September 2021 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 29 30 31 1 Splashes, Drips and Drops Exhibit 2 Golf for Kids Splashes, Drips and Drops Exhibit **LIVE ONLINE** Effective Communications & Human Relations July 15 Kick off Alfresco Thursdays 3 Over the Edge for Special Olympics CT Middletown Farmers Market Splashes, Drips and Drops Exhibit Memorial Day Car Show, presented by Cromwell Automotive 4 Splashes, Drips and Drops Exhibit 5 Splashes, Drips and Drops Exhibit 6 7 8 9 **LIVE ONLINE** Effective Communications & Human Relations July 15 Kick off Alfresco Thursdays 10 Middletown Farmers Market 11 Middletown Town-Wide Tag Sale 12 13 14 24th Annual Channel 3 Kids Camp Golf Tournament The Dangerous Truth About Today's Marijuana: Johnny Stack's Life & Death Story 15 SCORE Webinar: Advertising on and Measuring the Impact of LinkedIn Studebaker John with Liviu Pop 16 Alfresco Thursdays Designer Handbag & Golf Swag BINGO Fall Fundraiser 17 Middletown Farmers Market 18 19 20 Interactive Health Discussion: Nutrition 21 Laughter (Yoga) Class 22 SCORE Webinar: The Three Page Business Plan 23 Alfresco Thursdays 24 Middletown Farmers Market 25 26 27 Help Save a Life - Blood Drive at First Tee - Connecticut 28 Health & Wellness Fair 29 SCORE Webinar: Getting Your Non-Profit Organization Organized 30 Middlesex United Way Campaign Kickoff Alfresco Thursdays 1 2 Business Directory News Releases Events Calendar Hot Deals Marketspace Job Postings Contact Us Information & Brochures Weather Join The ChamberJustin Bauer
Justin Bauer is the Head of Product at Amplitude, where he strives to make it easy for companies to make better decisions from their data. He’s a 2x entrepreneur as well as an alumnus of McKinsey, Stanford GSB and Carleton College.
All articles by Justin Bauer
Recent posts from Justin
Marketing & Promotion
How to Think About Mobile App Retention
Featured Stories
Stay UpdatedSign up for our newsletter for the headlines delivered to you
SuccessFull SignUpSearching for the perfect shower seat? Say hello to the Better Living Swivel 360 Shower Stool.
With a large, non-slip seat featuring 6 lockable positions and 360-degree rotation to enable safe turning, this lightweight shower stool with a 136kg load capacity is ideal for use in the shower or the bathroom. Complete with a tripod design featuring rust-resistant aluminium legs with non-slip rubber feet, this quality shower stool is perfect for showering or shaving and can also be used as a stool right throughout the home.
Features:
- Material: Alumium/Plastic
- Colour: White/Silver
- Load capacity: 136kg
- Diameter (Seat): 34cm
- Rust-resistant legs
- Tripod design
- 360-degree rotation
- 6 lockable position
- No-slip rubber feet
- Easy to assemble (tool free)
- Care instructions: Wipe clean with a damp cloth
- 2 Year Manufacturer's Warranty
- Material: Aluminium
- MPN: 70090
- Colour: WhiteApplication and evaluation of the dendroclimatic process-based model MAIDEN during the last century in Canada and Europe
Jeanne Rezsöhazy et al.
Data sets
MAIDEN ecophysiological forest model
A global multiproxy database for temperature reconstructions of the Common Era
Development of a 50-year high-resolution global dataset of meteorological forcings for land surface modeling ()Coffee Coffee – The most important meal of the day. (Especially on Mondays.) Wishes for the New Year – A ProTip Meditation Less talking, more listening, less complaining, more encouraging, less resistance, more acceptance, less trying, more doing, less doubting, more believing, less willfulness, more prayer, less skepticism, more faith. Holding on to Anger – A ProTip Worth Remembering Are you full of resentment? Maybe a friend screwed you over, maybe your team lost the big game or maybe your candidate lost the election? Here’s a ProTip worth remembering: HOLDING ON TO ANGER IS LIKE DRINKING POISON AND EXPECTING THE OTHER PERSON TO DIE. A ProTip Reminder – December 26th is National Thank You Note Day! It’s just way too easy to fire off a quick thank you email or text, so dust off that stationery (or grab a blank sheet from your printer) and show them how much you really care by saying thank you with a handwritten letter! ProTip Motivation: Getting a Headstart on Your Resolutions Resolutions.What film soundtracks did each of the following Madonna songs appear on? Beautiful Stranger, Hanky Panky, Into The Groove, and American Pie
Answer on Tuesday theres no Daily on Monday its a bank holiday and we wont be here, between us well be in Leeds / Notting Hill / Edinburgh / Liverpool (why so many festival crammed into one weekend?)
------------------------------------------------
ASH READING DECISION NOW TOMORROW
Ash are delaying there decision on whether they will play their Reading set until tomorrow morning, just hours before are due to take to the stage. The bands manager Stephen Taverner has posted an entry on the band's official website saying they are putting back their decision on whether to play from Thursday to Saturday, giving drummer Rick McMurray a couple more days to recover from the bus crash that left him with cracked ribs. Taverner said he had flown to Belfast to speak to McMurray, who was worried playing could make his injuries worse - doctors have told the drummer he would be taking a risk by playing for more than 10 minutes. The band are also due to play at an Xfm promoted gig a week today at Ocean in Hackney though the stations Christian OConnell has a fourteen year old listener lined up to fill in on drums if necessary!
-------------------------------------------------
MANSON ON HIS GOLDEN AGE
Marilyn Manson has described his forthcoming album The Golden Age of Grotesque as being "different and better and stronger and uglier and much more theatrical than anyone could ever imagine." In an interview with MTV he continued: "It is the most concise record we've done, so it's not as lengthy as any of the previous ones. That doesn't mean it has less content, I just think sometimes less is more. There's time to focus on how good things are if there's not as much to look at. This record is broken down to the simplest, most important thing, and that's relationships whether they're between people or between ideas.. The new album is Mansons first since he parted company with bassist Twiggy Ramirez as previously reported the slot has been filled by KMFDM's Tim Skold, who is also co-producing the LP with Filter's Ben Grosse.
WEEZER GNRS LONDON SUPPORT
Weezer have been confirmed as support at Guns n Roses London Arena gig this bank holiday. The two bands shared a stage last week at the Summersonic Festival in Tokyo, and Axl Rose is reported to have watched Rivers Cuomo and company's whole show from the side of the stage. Tickets for the show are still available. Weezer's The Lion and the Witch is set for an Autumn release - recorded on their 2002 World Cup Tour, the disc features Dope Nose, Island in the Sun, Falling for You, Death and Destruction, El Scorcho and Holiday.
SHORTLIST LONGLIST ANNOUNCED
The Shortlist Prize for Artistic Achievement in Music, something of a US version of the Mercury Music Prize, have announced their shortlist for 2002, though with 75 albums on it its more of a long list. Like the Mercury Music Prize its an eclectic mix of albums Zero 7's Simple Things, ...And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Deads Source Tags & Codes, rap veteran Masta Ace's Disposable Arts and Tom Waits Blood Money all appear in a list voted on by 23 names from the worlds of music, media and film, including Alanis Morissette, U2 drummer Larry Mullen Jr, Iggy Pop, Beck, Mos Def, Sonic Youth's Kim Gordon, Paul Oakenfold, Jill Scott, and film directors Baz Luhrmann and Spike Jonze.
"Think of the Long List as your adventurous CD shopping list," project co-founder Greg Spotts said in a statement. "There is something on the list for everyone, and each album was hand-picked by a well-known artist, producer, or journalist." Panel members will now pare the list down by selecting 10 albums each, with the top vote-getters becoming Shortlist finalists. The winner will be selected by the listmakers at an awards ceremony in LA on 29 Oct.
This is only the second year of the award last year Icelands Sigur Ros' Agaetis Byrjun was overall winner. The full list of 75 is at
RIAA DROP ACTION AGAINST ISPS
The Recording Industry Association of America has dropped the copyright-infringement lawsuit against four internet service providers that we reported on earlier this week because the music site they had issues with - Listen4ever.com has gone off line. The site, which held thousands of tracks for downloading, was hosted in China making it hard to attack through the US counts. So the record labels targeted the ISPs that gave American websurfers access to the website. Although this particular action has been dropped RIAA officials have not ruled out future suits against ISPs saying the pull back "does not preclude further litigation if should reconstitute itself under some new name or move to another server."
THE VINES HEADLINE NME TOUR
NME have announced The Vines will headline its NME Term Warfare Tour, a Vodafone sponsored tour the magazine hopes will become an annual event. NME editor Conor McNicholas, on announcing the headliners, said: "Having The." The tour kicks off on 24 Oct and visits: Birmingham Academy (24 Oct), Bristol Academy (26 Oct), Manchester Academy (28 Oct), Nottingham Rock City (30 Oct), Cambridge Corn Exchange (1 Nov), London Shepherd's Bush Empire (2 Nov). Whether IPC bosses will be so keen on the warfare branding if were midway through a military attack on Iraq by October remains to be seen!
US SHOCK JOCKS FIRED
Two New York shock jocks who persuaded two listeners to have sex in a cathedral have been fired from their nationally-syndicated radio show. Gregg Opie Hughes and Anthony Cumia sparked hundreds of complaints after they challenged listeners to have sex in public places, awarding points for the most outrageous. "Based on recent events, the Opie and Anthony Show has been cancelled, and will be replaced by other programming beginning Friday," a statement from WNEW, the station that made the show, said.
The network has subsequently suspended Hughes and Cumia and its general manager and programme director; though they might have got off lightly - the couple accused of having sex inside New York's landmark St Patrick's Cathedral have been charged with public lewdness. A producer for the show who described the couple's actions in the cathedral back to the studio has also been charged as an accomplice. But a lawyer for the defendants has said the couple - Brian Florence and Loretta Lynn Harper - were just simulating sex.
The stunt has also prompted an investigation by the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) after a complaint by the 350,000-member Catholic League. The FCC could revoke WNEWs licence, although the League's director William Donohue has said he no longer expects such extreme action to be taken now that the DJs have been removed. He went on to tell the BBC he was "delighted" with the outcome: "I'm very, very happy. It is an example of corporate responsibility in an age of corporate irresponsibility."
Hughes and Cumia had previously been fired by a Massachusetts station in 1998 when they ran an April Fool's Day announcement that Boston mayor Thomas M Menino was killed in a car crash.
ROCKERS AMONGST BRITISH ICONS
A new list of 100 British Icons, as voted by BBC Viewers, includes a number of music related names though all of them are men, and theyre all white. Johnny Rotten Lydon, Bono, Bob Geldof, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, Robbie Williams, David Bowie and John Peel all appear in the Top 100 British icons of all time. As always these lists say more about the voters than anything else, though it should be interesting to see in what order these musical icons appear when the BBC air the countdown in October.
JACKO HAS SON NUMBER TWO
According to US news reports Michael Jackson has a second son who he has named Prince 2 (Jackos five year old first son is called Prince). There is no word on who the mother is, and whether Jacko is the natural father or if the boy has been adopted. According to People magazine the existence of the child was only discovered after Jackson introduced him to magicians Siegfried and Roy while visiting them backstage after one of their performances in Las Vegas. A spokesman for Jackson's publicist said that they would not comment on the singer's personal life.
HIVES IN LABEL FALL OUT
The Hives, who dumped Burning Heart Records for a multi-million pound contract with Universal, are denying claims by BHR that according to an existing contract their old label holds the rights to their next album. Burning Heart boss Peter Ahlqvist told NME: "Our lawyers are currently looking into the."
But the bands guitarist Nicholaus Arson has posted a message on the band website saying "BHR did not have the rights to our third album," and denying that their old label were unaware the band was looking for a new contract, "We have for some time now had extremely serious issues with the BHR and as a consequence we recently decided not to continue working with them. BHR has all along been aware of the seriousness of these matters so that when we eventually left them is not a shock to anyone."
Answer to Wednesdays pop quiz:
Courtney Love in the news again can you name ten people who have been romantically linked to Love over the years, other than Kurt Cobain obviously.
According to the tabloids weve read, you could have had: Billy Corgan (Smashing Pumpkins), Eric Erlandson (Hole), Evan Dando (The Lemonheads), Gavin Rossdale (Bush), Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails), Twiggy Ramirez (Marilyn Mansons forerm bassist), Bill Gould (Faith No More), Scott Weiland (Stone Temple Pilots), Liam Gallagher and Fred Durst.Hello, my partner! Let's explore the mining machine together!
Alibabacom offers 1799 pp mill machine products about 0 of these are flour mill 6 are grinding equipment and 0 are mine mill a wide variety of pp mill machine options are available to you such as local service location key selling points and applicable industries.Inquiry Online
Products
High-tech Zone,Zhengzhou,ChinaContact Us
Send us a message and we'll get back to you!
1923 6 mill plastic products are offered for sale by suppliers on alibabaCom a wide variety of 6 mill plastic options are available to you such as plastic bambooYou can also choose from food 6 mill plastic as well as from sustainable stocked 6 mill plastic and whether 6 mill plastic is cutting.
A ball mill figure 1 is the key piece of equipment for secondary grinding afterReducing grinding energy and cost magnetite iron ore design case study ball cast iron mill grinding balls melbourne eduorgin cast iron crusher machineNatural magnetite -an iron oxide- powder has been milled through mechanical milling in a planetary ball.
A planetary ball mill pm 100 with tungsten carbide balls of diameter 9The vial containing 62 g of powder and 620 g of tungsten carbide balls in the ratio 1:10 wtwt was utilized.
However silicon also suffers from poor conductivity andMti planetary ball mill used to reduce the particle size of dry materialDiscs of 18 mm diameter were used12: glove box used for coin cell assembly.
Advanced materials research volInvolving a low cost compared to other reduction processOf lead and selenium powder in a laboratory planetary ball mill and in an.
Com offers 1799 pp mill machine productsAbout 0 of these are flour mill 6 are grinding equipment and 0 are mine millA wide variety of pp mill machine options are available to you such as local service location key selling points and applicable industries..
Ball mills conventional ball mills crusherfeldspar.
Best price pe pipe crusher for cnc machineSant engineering pet bottle crusher machine rs c pvc u pvc r pvc pipe making hdpe pipe lldpe laterals making pvc flexible pipessuction pipes making lapeta kissan pipe making pvcpppe profile making blown film making plants for hmpe pvc film making sutli boxstraping makingall machines are avaivaible in different models and specifications.
Business listings of planetary ball mills manufacturers suppliers and exporters in nigeria along with their contact details amp; address find here planetary ball mills suppliers manufacturers wholesalers traders with planetary ball mills prices.
Ceramic ball mill : ceramic ball.
Chemical industry electric ore gold mill use fine meEnsp 0183 ensp 1448 products industrial dry food grinder machine wholesale various high quality industrial dry gold plus supplier if container is too tigher we will use pe film for packing or pack it chemical grinder machineindustrial food equipment grinder modern fine grinding mill machine for corn potato and bean starch.
Clay mining raymond mill cost tanzania available in the philippines ;Grind and classify within a single unit gives the vertical roller mill a decided advantage over a ball mill system vertical roller mill can be used as the barite mill equipment for sale to customers barite mill equipment:.
Cone mill cone mill suppliers and manufacturers at.
Cost of feldspar crushing machine.
Crusher united crusher feldspar djiboutiLow cost rock crusher.
Excellent for grinding rigid amp; soft pvc lldp ld hdp pp stone scrap etc.
Feldspar crusher project - parafiamchyFob reference price: get latest price project feldspar crusher msastellenboschcozaProject report of feldspar crusher project cost of setting up mini sugar plant consultantwe offer a complete set up and pew jaw crusher uses world-class manufacturing processes and uses feldspar is the most common ore in the earth crust and.
Feldspar grinding plant for sale-stone crusher sale price.
Grinder grinding mill mill grinder machine ball millGrinding.
Hindi machine crusher plastik pp pe film youtubeYoutube videos musicales youtube youtube channel youtube youtube downloader youtube youtube clip youtube youtube yang youtube youtube taylor swift googleInjection die casting extruder recycle proses cay sen blowing vacuum forming thermoforming blow film crusher.
Hs code for cement grinding aid crusher mill grinding millCustoms.
Iso approved grinding ball mill manufacturerGrinding ball allstar industry group limited a certified iso 9001 company is the worldleading manufacturer of grinding media ball grinding steel ball forged steel ball casting steel ball with annual production capacity of 100000 metric tons hsm iso ce planetary ball mill machine.
Jan 16 2014first mixer mill worldwide with the power of a planetary ball millIn this interview azom talks to drTanja butt from retsch about the world's first mixer mill to have the power of a planetary ball millGet price; an overview of the design construction performance will also be discussed.
Lead and inc ore ball mill autogenous grinder mDurable dry type mining ball mill 900x1800semi autogenous grinding mill gold mining machine ball grinder mill for iron gold lead zinc ore 320kw introduction of ball mill ball mill grinds material by rotating a cylinder with steel grinding balls causing theBall mills for gold inc ore kwyc.
Manufacturer of ball mills - power saving ball mill work index ball mill planetary ball mill and laboratory ball mill offered by star trace private limited chennai tamil naduBarite grinding plant for sale in chadBall manufacturer barite crushing and grinding plant barite processing wet ball mill manufacturer beneficiation grinding.
Mill machine grinding ball mill machine 02-200l lab compact planetary ball mill machine with jars and ballsHighly automatic up to 5 years warrantyPp pe pvc pellet mill machine plastic powder making machinePlastic pvc pulverizer mill blade machine for plastic price cost for sale.
4l laboratory horizontal planetary ball mill for powder makingXiamen tmax battery equipments limited.
Mining machine hamony gold mine pp pe crusherfeldsparFace 24 ceramics accounts for 23 and other.
Pigment making machine manufacturersupplier china pigment making machine manufacturer amp; factory list find qualified chinese pigment making machine manufacturers suppliers factories exporters amp; wholesalers quickly on made-in-china.
Planetary ball mill pm 100 - retsch - highest finenessIn the ball mill pm 100 this counterweight can be adjusted on an inclined guide rail in this way the different heights of the centers of gravity of differently-sized grinding jars can be compensated in order to avoid disturbing oscillations of the machine.
Planetary ball mill pm 100 - retsch - highest finenessPlanetary ball mills are used wherever the highest degree of fineness is requiredThe pm 100 is a convenient benchtop model with 1 grinding stationThe unique combination of high friction and impact results in extremely fine particles.
Planetary ball mill pm 100retschhighest finenessPlanetary ball mills are used wherever the highest degree of fineness is required addition to well-proven mixing and size reduction processes these mills also meet all technical requirements for colloidal grinding and provide the energy input necessary for mechanical alloyingThe extremely high centrifugal forces of a planetary ball mill result.
Potash feldspar grinding mill cost for sale.
Pp raffia crusher machinekaartje-sturen-met-artoekPp raffia bag grinder raffia granulator machine pp.
Price list li shan 500 kg ball mill - morleyshootingschool com.
Rod mill rod ball mill rod mill process rod mill machine.
Roller mill crushing pp pe crusherfeldsparOr production line design the company is committed to building in liberia feldspar roller crusher primary crusher cost coal mining feldspar crusher sales it canEngineers and professionals every solution make is the effort of all our workers engineers and professionals product ball mill vs.
Sayaji stone mill cost and saleHot china products wholesale sayaji stone crusher for saleOrder welline low cost sayaji stone crusher priceOrder small size scale stone chip roll mill oyster shell rock boulder sayaji crusher plant price india machine for sale in.
Single toggle jaw crusher pdf nacibStudy of kinematic and dynamic analysis of jaw crusher a review.
Study of intensification of the milling process in the vibratory millWith an acceptable specific energy requirement.
Stupidest crusher rockhopper build stutenroth impact mill; silicon quartz crusher in gummidipoondi; crusher and grinder graphite in china; crusher equipment price in indonesia; hydraulic pressure roll crusher is much; 3 tph jaw crusher and ball mill; raymond ball mill worm gear raymond coal crusherfeldspar; rock crusher for sale in sydney gran.
The chute of feeding and discharging open is non-metallic material ppThe follow is our special lab jaw crusher xpc-100150 is suitable for the laboratory to crush all kinds of the medium hard ore or rocks and other brittle materialsIt is also for the small scale of industrial aggregate or ore crushing.
The feldspar mineral has been ground using a planetary ball mill with a stainless steel ball and bowlHigh performance dry ball mill grinding with low cost high efficiency air.
There are 8347 small ball mill for sale suppliers mainly located in asiaThe top supplying countries or regions are china india and turkey which supply 99 1 and 1 of small ball mill for sale respectively.
5″ davis strand pelletizing line still installed and running pppetpo amp; tpe at 900-1000 lbshour5″ merritt davis 321 ld vented single screw extruder with operator control panel.
Working principle of a ball millGm.October 16 @ 10:00 am - 6:00 pm
Friday evening, October 15, 2021, the JaxbyJax Literary Arts Festival kicks off with a first-of-its kind event:
a dramatic reading of Featured Playwright Tim Gilmore’s “Repossessions: Mass Shooting in Baymeadows” in the Grand Foyer at the Jessie Ball DuPont Center, directed by Barbara Colaciello. The play will start promptly at 7 p.m. and run until 8 p.m., followed by Q&A with the author, director, and cast until 8:30. REGISTER HERE for this FREE event.
On Saturday morning, October 16, the day begins at 10 a.m. with three one-hour-long workshops from which to choose:
Advocacy Writing with Yvette Angelique – “Writing for Civic Engagement and Social Justice”
Writing from Trauma with Michele Parker Randall – “Lead Me On: Extended Metaphor as Write-around Strategy”
Women Writing for a Change with Jennifer Wolfe – “Activism Through Self-Expression”
At 11 a.m., enjoy readings from the first set of eight writers in the Auditorium or the Rooftop Garden.
Auditorium: Valarie Esguerra, Michelle Parker Randall, Linda O’Connell, & Johnny Masiulewicz
Rooftop Garden: Taryn “Love Reigns” Wharwood, Julie Delegal, Erica Susan Saffer, & Andres Rojas
From 12:30 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., hear the work of outstanding student writers from Douglas Anderson School of the Arts, FSCJ, UNF, and the Literacy Alliance of Northeast Florida at the Rooftop Garden and the Loading Dock.
At 2 p.m., hear Bill Delaney read from his new book, Secret Jacksonville, on the Loading Dock.
At 2:30 p.m., hear the work of the second set of eight writers in the Auditorium or the Rooftop Garden.
Auditorium: Damon Thomas, Tayve Neese, Sohrab Homi Fracis, John Aloszka
Rooftop Garden: Melissa Gopp Warner, Cheri “Junebug” Royal, Kayla Frances Murray, Princess Simpson Rashid
At 4 p.m., enjoy readings from Featured Memoirist Tricia Booker, Featured Poet Yvette Angelique Hyater Adams, and Featured Playwright Tim Gilmore, followed by readings at 5 p.m. from Featured Authors Rodney Hurst and Dr. Rudy Jamison, co-authors of “Never Forget Who You Are.”
All the writers will be available to chat with fans and sell and sign books at three separate half-hour sessions: from noon -12:30, from 3:30 – 4 p.m., and from 5:30 to 6 p.m. in the Grand Foyer.
Then enjoy finger-foods, a cash bar, and live music while you meet and mingle with authors, students, and fans at the after-party in the Grand Foyer starting at 6 p.m.Restoring seeks to bring the vitality of Jesus into the neighborhoods, marriages, and families of Detroit.
About Restoring
Since 2001, Joshua and Yvette Rock have been living in Detroit,.
Donate to Restoring
In order to sustain their work of bringing vitality to neighborhoods, marriages, and families, we invite you to make a one-time or recurring donation which will be designated toward the work of our branch Restoring. “Restoring” to the memo line of all check gifts. For any questions regarding giving, please email [email protected]
STOCK / MUTUAL FUND GIFTS
Most U.S. brokerage firms can quickly and easily transfer your gift of stock or mutual funds to Restoring electronically. Click here for details to give to your broker.
IRA CHARITABLE ROLLOVER
If you are age 70 1⁄2 or older, you can make gifts from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) directly to Restoring without paying income tax on the withdrawal. Click here for instructions on how to make an IRA Charitable Rollover.The Democratic Party candidate, Joe Biden, needs six more electoral votes to win the 2020 US presidential election, even as incumbent Donald Trump had demanded a stop to vote counting, the Daily Mail reports.
Trump has launched a lawsuit in Nevada, a city which could hand Biden the victory.
The Nevada lawsuit is similar to legal action the Trump campaign is launching in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Georgia as Biden approaches the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency.
In Wisconsin, a state called for Biden, the campaign has requested a recount.
Trump has spent the past few days inside the White House, consulting his advisers about the race.
If state officials stop counting now and the election were called on the current tallies, Biden would be declared winner.
Trump needs to make up vote gaps in Arizona and Nevada in order to win the election, which ironically means he needs officials there to keep counting the ballots.
The Associated Press has awarded Biden 264 electoral votes and Nevada’s six electoral votes would put him exactly at 270, handing him the presidency.
Nevada, where Biden leads by less than 8,000 votes, is expected to release another tranche of votes later Thursday. Georgia and Pennsylvania are also expected to release additional vote counts today.Property Attributes
- MLS#971786
- TypePending
- CountyOKLAHOMA
- CityHarrah
- NeighborhoodRiver Mist
- Zip73045
- Style
- Price$ 209,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1546
- Lot Size8,398 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Brett Creager with Kevo Properties
Data Source:
Oklahoma City Metro MLS (OKCAR) - 53 - OK
Property Description
*** IMMEDIATE MOVE-IN *** NOVEMBER COMPLETION ***.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolCongratulations to CIT CCAD Alumni Kevin O'Callaghan commissioned by daa
01 September, 2017
Congratulations to CIT CCAD 2010 Alumni Kevin O'Callaghan Announced As The 2017 Allianz Business To Arts Awards Commissioned Awards Sculptor
Kevin won this presigius commission from daa, to create the awards for the 26th Ausiness to Arts Awards.
"Dream Roads is a beautiful porcelain piece designed in such a way that the sculpture itself becomes the entire award so no plinth is needed," says Paul O'Kane, chief communications officer at daa.
For more information on this commission - see
For more see page 21 on the - supplements.independent.ie
One year after the death of Diego Armando Maradona, our city wanted to pay him one of the most beautiful tributes: a life-size statue was placed outside the Fuorigrotta Stadium, which has been named after him for many months. The official presentation of the statue will take place on Sunday 28 November 2021 before the match against [...]
The new edition of the Michelin Guide Italy, or the guide now in its 67th edition that each year judges the best restaurants in the country by assigning the typical gold stars, has finally been published. For the 2022 edition the city of Naples has achieved a truly incredible result, reaching 30 starred restaurants and thus becoming [...]
The Government has launched the new decree which provides for the so-called Super Green Pass or enhanced Green Pass which will come into force from 6 December 2021. These are further measures to contain the Coronavirus pandemic and act in four sectors: establishment of the Super Green Pass; extension of the Green Pass obligation; vaccine obligation [...]
The Christmas lights in Bacoli, inside the Vanvitelliano Park, are enjoying enormous success and thousands of people go to admire them every weekend, but not only. For this reason, the mayor of Bacoli Josi Gerardo Della Ragione, has decided to facilitate the inflow and outflow of visitors who have difficulties above all [...] […]At the end of today, Stew is on holiday for 3 weeks. And he really needs it. He has a lot on his plate at work, heaps going on in the background, and lots of changes happening.
So, I hope he can relax and unwind while he's on holiday, and not worry too much.
Time will sort everything out I'm sure. One way or another.
PUPPIES... photos taken yesterday:
Have you noticed yet that there are very few photos of Polly on her own, or even good ones today?
Hmmm... that would be because that little madam NEVER KEEPS STILL long enough for me to get a good photo! Seriously, she's a little dynamo.
Robyn is gunna have to be faster than her... oh and Robyn, she LOVES biting feet, and will stalk you when you are walking and keep attacking your toes. It makes walking ... difficult.
*smiles*
Today: housework. Lots of it. I got next to nothing done yesterday due to me backache. Hopefully my back is much better today.
I'm going to write a list of jobs that need to be done over summer too.
The BIG jobs like cleaning all the windows inside and out, cleaning ceilings, washing the outside of the house, cobwebs, waterblasting the concrete, and so on.
As I said, all the big jobs that one doesn't do over winter. I am determined to get everyone on board with getting these jobs done.
So... it's only a few days now until A) we are puppy-less and B) it's CHRISTMAS!
I hope everyone is as prepared as me?
Not that I'm totally done with organising things, but it's close!
How much do you have left to do?
ONWARD...
KATHY: nice idea. Wonder who would be paying for it though???
Man am I getting heaps done this morning!
Bex and all the kids are at Playcentre, it's the big 'Tidy-Up' day before closing for the summer break.
I'm so thankful she took B & G with her, it's given me time to do a few things like wash floors without kids needing to go through the house.
I've possibly done a bit much ON MY OWN, but I get an idea in my head and that's it. I've gotta do it.
KEN: Yes, my back is way better today, thanks for asking.
Lunch was a chance to sit and take a break, but I'm back into the jobs now. Griffin did a good job of trimming the hydrangeas for me, now all we need to do is pick up all the clippings and get them into the bin.
Brylee is doing some vacuming for me, so that's one less 'backbreaking' job for me.
I just watched her 'do' the lounge! And OMGod she's lazy! She did the middle, not even the big rug in the middle, just a quick swish around the middle and she was DONE? Like hell, I just told her to do it ALL ... sheesh some kids.
ABOVE: The pups this morning on the other side of the section. They enjoyed eating the tomato leaves, a bit like the bugs.
ABOVE: I kinda held Polly down so I could get a few cute face shots of her. She rewarded me with:
Seriously, it bloody hurt! She broke me skin and I almost bled.
Ignore me fingernails, I'd just hacked them back. I ain't one for pretty nails.... obviously.
ABOVE: the hydrangeas getting chopped back. The kids WERE working together well when I took the photo, but it didn't last. Griffin's doing it on his own now. And Brylee is polishing some furniture instead.
End of Day: well another good day getting stuff tidied up and sorted ready for Christmas.
I've done 99.9% of the shopping/gift buying etc. Just a couple of little things left to get, and fresh veges/lettuces etc for the 25th... then done and dusted.
nite nite
Chris, why don't you employ a cleaner for all your heavy jobs? let me tell ya that you won't be complaining of a bad back, that's for sure! and in the long run, its probably cheaper coz you'll save on all that medication you'll have to buy.
Kathy'scornerofquilts.blogspot.com
Puppies are so cute. Our Christmas is done, just waiting to get it all wrapped. The kids are older now, so they can wrap their own presents for each other. Hope your back is better.
I do hope none of those big jobs have Stews name on them make all your adult children do them you have enough!!! lol Great puppy shots and great work Griffin. I am officially on holiday for 3 weeks, and IM loving it already although have offered my services to a local café VERY short of staff to just wipe tables and clear dishes!!!!!! for a couple of hours here and there.....
Good job being so prepared for Christmas! With the size of your clan, I know that must not be an easy task! Sorry to hear your back is not great. Take care:)Whizzing around country roads, past thatched cottages and the occasional cow until we come to the blue gray horizon of the Norman coast: the perfect city escape.
One of the best things I’ve gained from living and studying abroad is a network of friends that stretches across continents and countries. Spending time with a friend as they show you the place they call home is like no other tourist activity. You hear all the best anecdotes and local gossip plus hidden gems in the form of restaurants, shops and even whole towns. My weekend trip took me from the farmer’s market of Bayeux to the famous film star cabanas of Deauville to the charming and bustling harbor terraces of Honfleur. As we dined over steak frites and seafood I remembered what a joy it is to be in the country, to relax with friends and chat long into the evening. Unwinding from the city, I went for a casual look- chic all American as my friend dubbed it. That is to say Comptoir des Cotonniers boyfriend jeans, Dune chelsea boots and a Banana Republic cream cardigan for perpetually breezy Normandy. To complete the outfit, I had my new love- The Arua Crossbody in cognac leather. It was the perfect choice from accessories e-boutique IlyMix: bohemian with stud detailing and tassel for summer but in a supple leather and warm color to make an easy transition into fall. The size was ideal as well: my wallet, phone, keys, sunglasses and lipstick snug inside. No more space for me to indulge in my bad habit of overpacking. I loved it so much that I’ve partnered with IlyMix to give 20% off any of their items with my code “cady20”. The Arua Crossbody comes in 5 versatile colors, perfect for the final golden month of summer or the quickly approaching fall fashion season. There are so many exciting moments ahead, from August travels to getting back to university and making a home for myself in Paris, all with the trusty weight of the Arua on my hip.
xx
*Sponsored by IlyMix*
All collaborations are a true reflection of the style & brand of Cady Quotidienne.
Dracula (Legend Classics)
Publisher Legend Press.The Le...
Language
Pages
305
Published
31 mai 2019
Size
1.02 MBDeep cleaning your office is a task that should be done quite often, I think once a month would make a difference but it doesn’t always happen that way! This time of year has crept up on me again, I don’t know anyone who enjoys this time of year. It’s the T-word season…. TAXES!! This post was sponsored by Fellowes as part of an Influencer Activation for Influence Central and all opinions expressed in my post are my own. (I have included affiliate links to products I love. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. )
I don’t know about you but it seems like every year I vow to do a better job of record keeping, organizing, and all that fun stuff, it never happens it seems like. However I was even worse last year, we moved again, kids were crazy busy, and well life happened.
Now add to the paper mess I had a legal name change and my address changed again for the second time in the course of a year. Getting my documents to me has been a pain and having them resent to me has been a lot of fun, but I am finally at the point where I am ready to punch the numbers to hand over to the accountant. I have called and set up the drop-off date so maybe I will work better and faster under the deadline?? Anyhow now onto the final prep work and making sure I am starting off 2017 to a way better start then I ended 2016 for tax paperwork.
The first part is to gather it all up!!! Now maybe yours won’t be as in depth but this is what I started with as to what to gather as I prepared for my appointment with my accountant.
- 1099 and W-2s
- Business expense receipt
- Mileage notebook
- Medical receipts
- utilities for home office expenses
- Receipt for business equipment and services
- Child care expenses
- Student loan paperwork
- Other papers- homeowner paperwork, car tabs, etc
Isn’t it crazy how this really doesn’t seem like a lot but truthfully it isn’t a lot to keep up with if you keep up on a good system for organizing? But oh it can add up fast if you put it off for once a year!!!
Sort through what is to keep and not keep! Now, this is where my shredder comes in hand and why you need one. Bills like my water bill, my car payment, etc are not ones that I need for a long period of time. I, however, don’t need this paper to clutter my life as well. It is so important to protect your identity from identity theft to make sure you are shredding papers like this!! But things like the envelopes they mail your credit card offers it can be recycled. I do keep the trash handy for ripping off stapled parts that can’t go through a shredder.
Desk-Side Waste Recycling Trash Can
SimpleHouseware Mesh Desk Organizer
Tips For Deep Cleaning Your Office:
Now, what better time to clean out your office space as well. I mean as moms aren’t multitasking what we do best?? Deep cleaning the office space can be so easy to do while doing your tax prep and let’s face it if we can get a jump start on the next years taxes its a win for everyone right? Plus let’s face it a clean space makes us want to keep it up who are we kidding??
Pull/Remove Everything- Pull everything out of cubbies, buckets, holders etc. Before you put it back go through what is in there. I have found everything from crackers (gotta love kids), misplaced thumb drives, misplaced business cards, etc. (This is where having the three containers comes on hand for trash/recycling/shredding) If you are like me you probably find a misplaced business expense as well.
Clean The Area- Perfect time to give everything a good dusting! As hard as I try dusting is just one of those chores that seem to go by the wayside no matter how many times I put it on the to-do list.
Organize- I know I have so many pens that end up everywhere, paperclips, etc so take this time to realize you have too many pens and no pencils. Great way to save money is knowing what you have so you don’t buy it again.
File– Take the time while going through all of this to file your paperwork. Shred what isn’t needed, recycle what you can and get a jump start on a filing system that works for you and your families needs.
Now you may have noticed that I have mentioned shredding quite a few times. Now, this is something that you don’t want to just get the cheapest possible, I can tell you I have burnt through about four or five and it adds up when you keep replacing them over and over. With how much there is to shred after paperwork and just the useless mail you need to shred it gets a good work out often. (or all at once if you let the pile build up) I loved being able to use Fellowes’ 12Cs shredder to jump start my shredding for the year and to continue to use, even better you can also pick one up at Walmart! I love how Walmart is such a one-stop shop for my family instead of running all over the place. Plus you can shred 12 pieces of paper at a time, how much of a time saver is that! Head on over –here to see all the great office product that Fellows has!!
Fellowes 4360001 12Cs Crosscut Shredder
Fellowes Powershred 12 Sheet Cross-Cut Paper and Credit Card Shredder
Fellowes Powershred 12 Sheet Cross-Cut Paper and Credit Card Shredder
Now, what are your tips for deep cleaning your office space?? What papers do you shred when you clean out your office?
Joe from Imperfect Disciples says
Great stuff! Thanks for sharing at #TurnItUpTuesday
Sonya says
You have given me the motivation to get my office in tip top shape. Thanks for the tips!
Michelle Moore says
Yes! I love any tips for cleaning 🙂 It’s that time of year when I’m super inspired to deep clean!
Megan says
This is an excellent reminder of how badly I need to clean my office, actually!!
Cristina at Ava's Alphabet says
These are such great tips! Now I need to sit down and really do this. My office is a disaster zone! Pinned and sharing. Thank you for joining us at Family Joy Blog Link-Up Party. I hope you will join our next party starting Sunday at noon EST.
Jamie says
Great tips! Sometimes we forget that Spring cleaning, means the things we use everyday, too! 🙂
Drew says
Setting a routine is a great start to getting organized. Being in the habit of throwing things away when you should will keep clutter away for sure.Can you name shop beneath this beautiful Edinburgh building … Victoria Street.
>.
6 thoughts on “WhereArtI? Quiz – 13th September”
Great Scott shop
According to Google, the sign over the windows says
“Great Scot”
However, the 3D satellite image appears to show Clintons as in cards. I have no idea what one might see from across the street now.
In my day, it was Dolcis and, long before even my time, it was a Crawfords tea room.
It is a listed building, designed by Hippolyte J Blanc, 1886-8, as a tea room, so it may well be a tea room or cafe again soon.
Great Scot
Hello There
I believe this week’s great sketch is Great Scot on Princes Street.
Love this weekly quiz.
All the best,
Linda
We believe it is on Princes Street, the shop which is now Great Scot, I think.
Great Scot gift shopSo many people are battling mental health and substance use disorders during what has been a very
uncertain time in the world. They need outlets to channel their emotions and feel that there is hope for
them to transition into a renewed life successfully. Intensive outpatient programs and similar treatment
programs offer dedicated therapy sessions to ensure that patients successfully transition from inpatient
facilities like medical detox services. There are also extended care facilities, relapse prevention programs,
and case management centers available for people who require much-needed direction as they try to
begin a new and more fulfilling life.
While mental health and substance use disorders affect men and women from all walks of life, men and
women are affected differently by these issues. The biological differences, as well as differing thought
processes, necessitate the introduction of specialized, gender-specific services to care for the respective
challenges men and women face with their mental health care needs. Here is how gender plays a role in
services for men and women in recovery.
Stark Differences in Mental Health for Genders
Mental health experts will tell you that women are more likely to suffer from depression, addiction, and stress disorders tied to traumatic events than men. The patterns of mental illness are noticeably different, in part, due to the biological contrasts between men and women. The estrogen and progesterone that women produce can have significant effects on mood and stress. Studies have identified the impact of these hormones on mental health combined with preexisting fears or anxieties that a person may be experiencing.
Men are more likely to internalize their issues and concerns than women are, requiring different approaches from mental health experts to get to the root of problems. Men are considerably more at risk of suicide and, according to statistics, have been less likely to receive formal treatment for mental health in recent times than women have.
The need for gender-specific mental health services for men is prevalent because of the stigma that still surrounds men’s mental health. The stigmatization is particularly pronounced in men because of age-old gender perceptions surrounding men and women, preventing men from seeking professional help. Men
need facilities where they feel they won’t be judged for expressing their mental frailties. Both women and men need gender-specific spaces to feel comfortable talking about their mental health concerns in their own way.
Why are Genders Separated in Early Recovery?
There are also stark differences in how men and women handle substance use disorders. Researchers have discovered that men are more likely to abuse drugs and alcohol than women, with over 11% of males over 12 having a disorder compared to just over 6% of females over 12. However, women are likely to end up in the emergency room or suffer fatal consequences due to substance abuse. Biological
and sociological differences play their role in helping each gender address substance use disorders. Men are more likely to develop an addiction or use substances because of peer pressure to fit in with a social circle.
Research has also shown that during the recovery process, men are more likely to stabilize their substance usage at lower doses than women, while women are more prone to the side effects of substance abuse, such as liver damage and overdose. Furthermore, men are more likely to experience intense alcohol withdrawal symptoms than women during the recovery stage. Because of the vast
differences in how men and women recover from substance use disorder, it is essential to have gender-specific treatment that caters to these differences, addresses the biological and sociological differences, and creates a clear pathway to sobriety from the early recovery stage.
The Benefits of Gender-Specific Treatment
Approaching treatment from a gender-specific perspective provides specialized attention for men and women. More men prefer residential treatment and 90-day programs to help accelerate their recovery from substance use disorder. Furthermore, gender-specific treatment includes peer support, with patients sharing their life experiences and being relatable with others through those experiences. Men face challenges that only men face, and women face challenges unique to women. Being in gender-specific treatment allows men and women to share their feelings among their respective genders in a judgment-free environment.
Another valid reason for gender-specific treatment for things like mental health problems and substance use disorder is that there is less potential for distractions. There are cases when being around the opposite sex triggers a lack of focus and potentially leads to attraction. There can also be a level of apprehension sharing sensitive information. One advantage of being in a gender-specific treatment environment is that you may feel more comfortable sharing your concerns and sensitive information with someone from the same gender.
If your life has become unmanageable due to alcohol or substance use disorder, please reach out. There’s no shame in asking for help as a man. Reach out to us today and let Next Step Recovery in Asheville, NC give you the right tools to help fix your situation.What is a webinar, webcast or web meeting?
Simply put, a webinar is a seminar that is offered via the internet. Individuals from around the world, log into a special online meeting room at a pre-set time and hear a live, real time presentation by an expert on a particular subject. Webinars are also interactive. Participants may chat and ask questions of the presenter.
Webcasts are similar. The big difference is that webcasts are a one-way broadcast to the audience. These are typically used for larger audiences and without the interactive elements found in webinars.
Web Meetings are generally business meetings, with small groups of participants. Companies use these to collaborate with their employees & clients.
How We Can Help
Dot2Dot offers a variety of webinar services. Below, you will find a list of what we can do for you. Most of our clients elect to create their own PowerPoint presentation and then rely on us to handle the production and marketing of their webinars. We like to say that all they have to do is show up, presentation in hand. We take care of the rest. If you would like to see a listing of our upcoming webinars, along with those select advertisers, we encourage you to visit our industry website: TravelWebinars.com
Services Offered
Webinar Hosting
We recommend that each client have their own webinar meeting room, but if you are only holding occasional events, it might be more sensible to use our meeting room. We'll educate you on your options so that you can make an informed decision.
Webinar Scheduling
We'll collaborate with you on topic selection, course descriptions, registration information and post-event information. We'll also provide guidance on optimum days and times to host your webinars.
Webinar Event Facilitation
We'll provide a moderator for each presentation, to assist your presenter and to handle all technical concerns.
Webinar Marketing
This is one of the most important steps that will contribute to the success of your event. We know what it takes to get noticed and will make recommendations for your webinar event marketing and messaging. If you have an existing e-marketing program, we'll provide the information that you need to build your email invitation and to post the information on your website. And, if you don't have those resources, our in house team can build your email and send it out to your list.
Webinar Presentation Production
As with many marketing programs, content is king! If you have your own presentation, we'll happily evaluate it and make suggestions on how you might enhance it for delivery to your web-based audience. Or, if you are starting from scratch, our experts will work with you to create a PowerPoint presentation that is compelling and impressive for your audience.
Webinar Administration, Reports & Training
Once your event is over, the real work begins. Cultivating your leads and closing sales will be your post-event focus. We'll provide you with detailed reports that will help you follow-up with your clients. If you envision a program that you'll eventually manage in-house, we'll train your staff and coach on them on the use of the webinar platform of your choice, so that they are competent and confident enough to use independently.Kappa Futur Fledster Jacket
Men’s woven jacket. REGULAR FIT. Front opening with zip, side pockets with piping, adjustable hood with inner coulisse and stoppers. Reflective and iridescent inserts and pipings. Authentic Omini logo printed on shoulders. Textile Composition: Polyester 100%
The Kappa Futur Fledster Jacket is evocative, to say the least, but that's why you're drawn to it in the first place.
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 26, 2021
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 26, 2021Forex ram pamm
In Forex trading, hedging works on the principle of a trader buying and selling a currency (or multiple currencies) at a single entry price or two different strike prices to ensure that he is protected even if the market swings violently in either direction. 11/06/ · Forex hedging strategies aim to reduce the volatility in trading results and overall risk. To effectively hedge, traders look at how other currency pairs or financial products correlate to the underlying strategy. For example, the Euro (EUR) and U.S. Dollar (USD) often trade in opposite directions, although not % of the time. 17/08/ · Learn About Using Forex Hedging Simple Forex Hedging. Some brokers allow you to place trades that are direct hedges. A direct hedge is when you are The Protection of a Hedge. A simple forex hedge protects you because it allows you to trade the opposite direction of Undoing a Hedge. Estimated Reading Time: 5 mins. 18/05/ · In the forex market, hedging refers to strategies used to protect an open position from negative price movements. Hedging is often used in short-term strategies and in times when a trader is worried about market news or events that could trigger enormous volatility in the bundestagger.deted Reading Time: 9 mins...
In technique below is simply!
Open a position in any direction you like. Example: Buy 0. A few seconds after placing your Buy order, place a Sell Stop order for 0. Look at the Lots Then, you have a profit of 30 pips because the Sell Stop had become an active Sell Order Short earlier in the move at 0. At the time the Sell Stop was reached and became an active order to Sell 0.
Continue this sequence until you make a profit. Lots: 0. Usually the spread is only around 2 pips. The tighter the spread, the more likely you will win.
Is holiday capitalized
Forex hedging is the process of opening multiple positions to offset currency risk in trading. The foreign exchange markets can be affected by adverse conditions, such as changing interest rates or inflation, so traders aim to protect their open positions by bulling or selling additional assets to reduce the overall risk of exposure. This article explores four of the most common and effective forex hedging strategies, taking into account our derivative products.
Traders tend to use currency hedging instruments such as cross currency swaps, forward contracts and forex options. Hedging forex can be put to practise through the two main products on our online trading platform : spread betting and CFD trading. Forex hedging is the act of reducing or preventing losses that occur from unexpected events within the FX market.
Hedging strategies can be applied to all financial markets, but in particular, forex is the most common, given the number of influencing factors. The forex market is the largest and most liquid financial market in the world, and with over forex pairs available on our online trading platform, there is no shortage of foreign currencies to trade. Forex traders have therefore created various forex hedging strategies in order to minimise the level of currency risk that comes with various economic indicators..
Wie funktioniert bitcoin billionaire professionals.
Hed.
Vr trade show
Ultimately to achieve the above goal it becomes necessary to pay someone else to cover downside risk.. Hedging is a way of protecting an investment against losses. It can also be used to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates when an asset is priced in a different currency to your own. Hedging might help you sleep at night. But this peace of mind comes at a cost.
Www wertpapier forum
Want to know what is hedging in Forex? This article will provide you with everything you need to know about hedging, give you an example of a Forex hedging strategy, an explanation of the ‚Hold Forex Strategy‘ and more!.
Day trading algorithm software
If you are in the US and are frustrated by the hedging and FIFO rules, this post is for you. With a little advanced planning, you can get around the rules and it is all perfectly legal. By Hugh Kimura.. These are advanced tactics and definitely not for beginners! Even if you are an advanced trader, I would not recommend using these tactics unless you have a clear strategy that you have tested and you are comfortable with. Doing this is actually pretty simple and if you thought about it long enough, you probably would have come up with this on your own. As you know, things may change over time and this may not work at a later date.
So if you are interested in doing this, be sure to test it in a demo account before you use it in live trading. If you are new to trading, let me explain these two concepts really quickly.
Kann man rechnungen mit kreditkarte bezahlen
22/09/ · Hedging with Forex trading is illegal in the US. To be clear, not every form of hedging is outlawed in the US, but the focus in the law is on the buying and selling of the same currency pair at the same or different strike prices. As such, the CFTC has established trading restrictions for Forex bundestagger.deted Reading Time: 8 mins. 16/08/ · bundestagger.deted Reading Time: 8 mins.
With that said, hedging in forex is a very effective way of counteracting the risk of price swings in this somewhat volatile trading sphere. To give you a little more information on the subject, we are going to go through everything from how to hedge in forex to key strategies and tools you can utilise.. There are many reasons why traders hedge forex. Much like with any trading arena, there is no real way of creating a risk-free forex environment. Due to the fact the forex market is volatile by nature, hedging with currencies differs somewhat to hedging in alternative markets.
Then there are some who would prefer to lessen their risk in such a volatile market.Sort:Best MatchBest MatchTime: ending soonestTime: newly listedPrice + Shipping: lowest firstPrice + Shipping: highest firstDistance: nearest. .
6. Rubbermaid 3749 Vertical Storage ShedLooking for a neat way to store your garden equipment outside?
We are pleased with our range of garden sheds, portable cottages, pre-built dutch barns sheds, portable garages, portable cabins and portable workshops in many different shapes, colors and sizes.
For those of you looking for a bit more room, check out our Lofted Cabin or the Lofted Side Porch Cabin..
A simple solution, assembly is easy and can be done in less than 1 hour. The unit can also be easily moved with a hand trolley..
Even with security systems, strong locks, and outside lights, there is still a chance your shed can be broken into by a thief. The last thing you want is for them to see a safe — it'll scream at them: THE REAL VALUABLES ARE IN
The steep gable roof of the Copper Creek storage shed has a unique look, perfect for those looking to add drama to theirIt's all-over social media right now: forget about shortages of school lunch items. Now everyone is starting to worry about Thanksgiving food shortages.
So what is really in short supply?
Let’s start with the granddaddy of Thanksgiving feasts, the centerpiece for every table: the turkey.
Grocery supply chain expert Pedro Reyes says the problem is there are not enough laborers to process the turkeys.
"The good news," he said, "is there are plenty of turkeys out there. The bad news is the logistics of getting it from the farm to the production or process to the grocery store is where we may see a struggle.
This also rings true for dairy and eggs.
Unfortunately, we may not only see some shortages but also price increases, he says. Eggs are already sharply higher than they were two years ago.
"Well, the chickens, they produce so many eggs per day," Reyes explained. "But if they can't be processed forward, then they have to be thrown away."
Kerry Byrne leads one of the nation's largest logistics companies, Total Quality Logistics.
"Every component of the supply chain is stressed right now due to consumer demand, pent-up consumer demand, and a shortage of labor," Byrne said.
Meanwhile, Reyes warns produce is the next big thing that could be hard to find.
"If you're into cranberry sauce," he said, "I don't want to start a panic, but you probably want to get that now."
And good grief: there could be another great pumpkin shortage.
Yes, just like 2020, pumpkins are in short supply thanks to a fungus.
Lastly, thanks to overseas shipping issues and a glass bottle shortage, you may want to stock up now on holiday liquor if you'll want that cocktail to calm your shopping nerves…
"The import liquor is going to be a problem," Reyes said.
Don't expect a holiday miracle
Kerry Byrne is warning shoppers not to expect a holiday season miracle. "I don’t see things getting better any time soon, because there is simply too much backlog of inventory," he said.
Supply-side experts say your best bet it to grab a couple of non-perishable items when you see them at the grocery store, and not wait until the weekend before Thanksgiving Day.
The bottom line: buying some of these items early avoids price hikes, and stress,Would you like to become the Jedi who restored balance to the Force? Then you’ll need one of these Luke Skywalker costumes. Whether you’re looking for the costume that Luke wears in the very first episodes, while he was still an apprentice, or you’d rather don his famous Jedi robe, or even his Jedi Master costume from the last episodes of the saga, we have the exact version of the Luke Skywalker costume you’re looking for. Don’t forget to accessorize your Jedi costume with a lightsaber: without one, you just wouldn’t be a proper Jedi. You can choose a blue one like Obi-Wan Kenobi’s, a green one like the one Luke wields in The Return of the Jedi, a red one like the ones the Siths like Darth Vader, Darth Maul (double-edged) or Kylo Ren (with a laser handle) use, or even a purple one like Mace Windu’s. You can also get a friend to dress up as Darth Vader so you can attend the party as a father and son duo. Or try going as a master and apprentice twosome with a friend dressed up in a Rey costume. Pick out your favorite Luke Skywalker costume and...May the Force be with you!
49,99 € BeforeHoly crap this book was AMAZING!
I’m always excited to see a new book by Louise Erdrich and this one blew me away. The prose is beautiful, the story is spooky and insanely topical, and I found myself wanting to do nothing but read this book. Perfect for fans of The Handmaid’s Tale (but more frightening in my opinion), I found it so easy to relate to Cedar and the other characters in this book.
This book is a beautiful (yet terrifying) look at what happens when science and religion come to a head in times of crisis. Because you follow Cedar from the beginning of the downfall, it is scary to see how possible it is that we could fall into this mess of a world that Erdrich has created. It is also a great book about identity and culture and how the two interact. Great great book. A must read.
STMNA
My Master collection STMNA is inspired by the question if we are ambitious or megalomaniac in our today’s society.
To translate the discrepancy to the viewer, she created strong and self-reliant shapes which go hand in hand with fitted and intimate materials. Wide shapes emphasize our megalomania to be better than the others and to go further. Loose dark fabrics are sliding down light nude sportswear. True feminine and close silhouettes play with the interaction between being ambitious, vulnerable but also being strong.
.01
I GOT
I capture the feminine and aggressive side of burning ambition while trying to full fill the words and the thoughts of my inner discrepancy by creating a new strong womanswear identity.
.02
STAMINA
In 2017, Martha Margarita Papalla, graduated from an MA at University of Applied Sciences Trier. Originally being from Münster Martha lives and works currently in Heidelberg.
.04Approved Research
Individual participant data meta-analysis of cohort studies for health effects of air pollution in three continents
Lay summary
Aims
This study aims to investigate the cohort-specific and overall health effects of air pollution in the United Kingdom, Canada, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China. This study will also explore the effect modifications by socio-economic factors and lifestyles in the three continents.
Scientific rationale
Air pollution is one of the top leading risk factors for death and disease burden. However, studies on the health effects of long-term exposure to air pollution were not well-documented, especially for multi-center studies. In addition, previous findings may be limited to a specific ethnic context and their generalization can be challenged. Therefore, this project was proposed to expand the study regions by combining several representative datasets to investigate the overall associations between long-term exposure to air pollution and human health in general population from three continents.
Project duration
This project will last 36 months, and will be extended if the research cannot be completed on time.
Public health impact
Globally, air pollution is a major public health challenge. Approximately 92% of the population lives in areas where air quality does not meet the WHO's standards. Understanding the long-term effects of air pollution on various diseases and mortality has enormous implications for policy development and health guidelines, especially in general regions with both low or high levels of air pollution. The proposed project will provide scientific evidence on quantified health effects of long-term exposure to multiple pollutants. Such information will facilitate air pollution control to improve public health.Twitter Selects AWS as Strategic Provider to Serve Timelines
Twitter will use AWS’s industry-leading services and global infrastructure to power the real-time, global traffic and improve the experience for people who use Twitter
SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE) Twitter, Inc.
Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. To learn more, visit about.twitter.com and follow @Twitter. Let’s talk.
Contacts
Catherine Hill
Amazon.com, Inc.
Media HotlineMany locations have interesting sights and looks during the day, and a whole host of different sights and looks, and another atmosphere in the evening. Las Vegas many interesting photographic opportunities during the day, but it seems as though it’s at night that Las Vegas really comes alive. The night photography opportunities in Las Vegas are almost limitless.
The goal of many travelers when taking night photographs is to capture that great evening look, as they find it, when exploring a destination after sunset comes and darkness falls. But nightfall also brings with it opportunities to capture motion in photographs via streaks of light from moving vehicles, etc. Streaks of color showing motion can bring real life to a night photograph.
Historically, film photographers had great difficulties capturing night scenes because they require very long exposures to maintain reasonable depth of field, and if more sensitive film was used, it produced so much grain in the photographs that they were never printed. Film unfortunately has something called reciprocity failure. That means that as the exposure time increases more and more light must expose the film. The law of diminishing returns rules.
With Digital cameras, both DSLRs and Point and Shoot units, the limits imposed by reciprocity failure no longer plague photographers, however, digital cameras are not without limitations and obstacles. The biggest problem is the trade-off between exposure time and image noise. Even with great advances in digital sensor technology, the longer the exposure the greater the digital noise, and unfortunately the noise is most evident in the black areas of night photographs where it’s most noticeable.
Sharp focusing is crucial at night because the margin for focus error is generally very small.
Understanding depth of field is critical at night because is can save the photographer from small mistakes in focus. Generally small apertures which give the greatest depth of field are unavailable to the night photographer when the exposure decision balancing ISO (sensor sensitivity), shutter speed, and aperture is made. The lower the ISO the less tendency for noise. The higher the shutter speed, the less any camera/lens movement can affect the photograph.
Often photographers need to set the focus by estimating distance and use the lens’ depth of field to keep the focus sharp. Often photographers make the mistake of setting their focus to infinity, but that is a poor use of depth of field, as you only get limited extra focus in the foreground, not the background. Focus is one of the crucial areas the night photographer must be technically aware.
For SLRs or DSLRs, the movement of the mirror can negatively affect the sharpness of the photograph by causing a slight movement of the camera via mirror-slap. Many DSLRs can use mirror lock to eliminate the problem.
Night scenes, more often than not, have a decidedly low key histogram. When they don’t, it generally means the photograph will have blown highlights. When metering, in order to avoid blown highlights to the extent possible, yet avoid underexposing the image to the point the desired details blend into the darkness, exactly what portion of the scene is metered and the metering method becomes critical.
Getting the look of the photograph “right” is part of the art and creativity the photographer brings to each night shot. For example, underexposing the photo can produce a dark look of night but may loose important detail, or using a more normal exposure will show a histogram filled along the entire tonal range like a daytime shot.
Now that we understand the basic problems and obstacles facing travel photographers taking night images, next week I will discuss how to overcome them, to produce wonderful night images which help tell one’s travel stories.
7 comments:
hey the oakland Bay Bridge picture is jus fabulous..nice capture..
Thanks very much.
Regards,
Ned
Can't wait for next week Ned. I'm sure it will be a good one.
Mark
Night photography has its own charm and excitement.The photography at night is more unique and wonderful and gives a strange and amazing look.
Ned, I've pushed my ISO all the way to 1000 to capture indoor shots hand holding my camera with almost no ill effects. You write that in night photography noise is a problem for night shots. Can you explain? Why would I have a problem?
Hi Steven,
With night photography new parameters come into play. Sensors that are virtually noise free at high ISOs at 1/30 sec are not necessarily noise free at 3-5 sec exposures. Plus significant portions of black and other dark areas in an image, will show up noise far worse that lighter areas of an image.
You mentioned you've had no problems with high ISO when hand holding your camera for various photos. That means you've probably used shutter speeds for those photos at 1/30 second or shorter. At those shutter speeds you are balancing the ISO with regard to noise, so you haven't seen noise in those photos. You probably have a "newer" sensor which has better noise characteristics than older ones, but, under the "right" circumstances, even with it, noise can be a problem.
The longer the shutter speed, and the more areas of the photo which are dark the more likely noise will be evident at high ISO settings.
Personally, I prefer to keep my ISO at 400 or lower, and actually try to keep it at 100 if at all possible.
Night photo with lights is fantastic mood. Great shot!
2 responses to “Especially for You – 5k Recap”
This was my first Especially for You event–it was truly moving witnessing all those people (over 10,000) lined up to fight breast cancer!
I had a great time, usually I am not much of a walker, however walking with friends makes the time go faster, and it was for a great cause. I was surprised to see so many people out there supporting the cause, this will definitely be on my annual list of regularly-attended events. Thanks for the pictures.I was so tired last night I could not keep my eyes open. I fell asleep with the computer in my lap a little after 10. Unfortunately, I woke up at 3 a.m., wide awake and could not get back to sleep. At least this afforded us the opportunity to go down and watch a breathtaking sunrise over the Sea of Galilee. How great a start to another day in the Holy Land!
After breakfast, we loaded onto the bus for a short trip to an important ancient city called Sepphoris, or Zippori. This was a largely populated Roman town just three miles from Nazareth. It is highly likely that Jesus walked the streets of this city with his father, Joseph, as they practiced their trade. Zippori is also reported to be the birthplace of Mary, the mother of Jesus. A church sits on the site believed to be the home Saints Anne and Joachim, the parents of Mary.
We walked the ancient Roman roads of the town of Sepphoris, some of which contained the impressions of the chariot wheels which ran along the stones. We were walking on the same road on which Mary and her parents walked. We made our way down the Decumanus Maximus (the main east-west road in an ancient Roman town) and turned left on the Cardo (the main north-south road in an ancient Roman town), arriving at the Nile House which contained mosaics depicting scenes from the Nile River in Egypt.
The sidewalks were lined with columns and covered, protecting the mosaics with which the sidewalks were overplayed
Mosaic of the Amazons. The Amazons were great warrior women who supposedly cut off their right breast so that they could draw back on the bow better. Hence, the name, Amazon (A = “no”; Mazos = “breast”)
From there we ambulated to the top of the hill where we entered the Crusader fortress from which they launched an ill-fated attack against the Muslim leader, Saladin. From the high point of the city, we could see the church on the site of the home of Joachim and Anne, as well as the ancient Roman theater.
The 12th Century Crusader Fortress built on an earlier Byzantine Structure (note the sarcophagi that were used as part of the stone work)
Looking down on the Jewish Quarter of Sephoris. The red-roofed building is the church which sits on the site of the home of Anne and Joachim.
One of the ritual baths in the Jewish Quarter (this finding helps confirm that these were Jewish homes)
After stopping to view a magnificent fresco in a wealthy Roman villa, we finally proceeded down the hill toward the ancient Jewish synagogue which has only recently been discovered. The floor of the synagogue is covered with beautiful mosaics. In the center the sun god rides his chariot through the skies, surrounded by a circle containing the 12 signs of the zodiac.
The Venus of Sepphoris (or, The Mona Lisa of Galilee), part of the elaborate mosaic in honor of Dionysius in the famous 3rd century Roman villa.
From Sepphoris, we made our way to Nazareth, the childhood home, of course, of Jesus. The traffic in Nazareth is horrible, with the drivers of vehicles taking whatever driving rules that do exist as simply suggestions. After being dropped off on the roadside we made our way to a restaurant in town, where I had a delicious Shawarma and Cindy had the Falafel. When we finally arrived at the Catholic Basilica of the Annunciation, which was built over the site believed to be the childhood home of Mary. The modern church was built in 1969 over the site of a previously existing Crusader Church. This church is the largest church in the Middle East.
The apse of the Church of the Annunciation (viewed from the right side) looking down into the childhood house of Mary in Nazareth
We then walked next door to visit the Church of Joseph, a much smaller edifice which is said to be built on the site of the house of Joseph. It was amazing to walk on these holy places, making the Christian story palpable!
When finished with our visit to Nazareth, we drove a few miles down the road to the village of Cana, birthplace of Nathaniel Bartholomew (one of Christ’s disciples). Cana, of course, is primarily known as the place in which Jesus performed his first miracle, at a wedding at which he turned the water into wine. Upon first entering the Wedding Church in Cana, we all entered a side chapel in which the married couples present (including, of course, me and my lovely bride) renewed their vows. What an awesome place to renew one’s wedding vows!
Mt. Tabor (the Mt. of Transfiguration) as seen from the opposite side of our pictures from yesterday.
The Orthodox Wedding Church in Cana (Often there is a discrepancy between the exact location of a site between Orthodoxy and Catholicism).
From Cana, we descended into the Jordan Valley for an unforgettable experience. Cindy and I, along with several others, were “baptized” in the Jordan river. We were overcome with emotion to think that we were being baptized in the same river in which John the Baptist baptized our Lord, Jesus Christ. The water was on the cold side, but, for once, I really didn’t mind. We emerged from the river with a renewed spirit in Christ. On the way back to Tiberias, to our hotel, we stopped at a farm with lots of local products, especially dates. Lots of shopping was done before we left.
About 5:30 or so, we arrived back at the Caesar Hotel, on the waterfront of the Sea of Galilee. We met for dinner at 7:30, after which Cindy I decided to go for a walk around the neighborhood surrounding our hotel. We were glad we did! We really felt immersed in the Israeli/Palestinian culture as we walked along a street market with vendors selling their wares and young people playing games and singing middle-eastern songs over their loud speakers. What another full day! Zippori! Nazareth! Cana! The Jordan River! Tomorrow… even more excitement!
It is wonderful to share on the blessed events and places you are sharing. May God continue to bless your marriage and I pray he send Angels to protect you from all harm. Loved seeing your pictures!
Thanks for your blessings, Louise! Glad you enjoy it!
What an awesome day! I can’t believe you still have 12 more ! You sure are storing up a ton of great memories ! Looking forward to hearing about the days to come! Love you guys!
Thanks, Christy!
Thank you both so much for sharing the marriage vows renewal and your baptism renewal. WOW.
Thanks, Sue!
Thanks for sharing your beautiful pictures. I love traveling with you! 🙂
Thanks, Susan!
That’s so great that you got to renew your vows in Cana and get baptized in the Jordan! I am loving the mosaic and fresco pictures!!
Thanks, Julie! They are really gorgeous, especially the Venus/Mona Lisa one!
I’m speechless. What an experience !!!- Search
- Good News
- Cannabis
- Submit News Tip
- News
- COVID-19
- Sports
- Travel
- Trending Now
- Newsletters
- Autos
- Classifieds
- Jobs
- Business
- Entertainment
- Photo Galleries
- Life
- Community
- Opinion
- Video
- Weather
- Obituaries
- Special Sections
- Marketplace
- Contests
Holiday shopping transforms Pendray House in Colwood
Coast Collective’s annual Gifts and Wishes show runs Nov. 27 and 28
Jillian Harris joins Do Some Good to drive more community impact
Team Jilly’s 12 Days of Giving campaign runs Dec. 1 to 12
Victoria newcomer employment event returns Nov. 23
Employment Opportunity Exchange aims to facilitate networking and cultural intelligence
Owner of military medals and ribbons found in Duncan sought
Bylaw officer found them in plastic bag by Cowichan River
B.C. grocer hands out thousands in employee bonuses amid regional staffing shortages
The extra cash followed a busy summer, says store owner Jean-Marc Pesant
Island retiree operates thrift store to keep his neighbourhood neighbourly
Deni’s Dynamite Deals donates thousands of dollars every month
sponsored
Will Power: Create a lasting legacy for family AND your community
The Victoria Foundation works with donors to direct their legacy gift in meaningful ways
Nanaimo’s ‘cat control’ animal responsibility bylaw now official
Outdoor cats can’t be at large on other people’s properties, but enforcement will be complaint-based
Sooke school joins ‘Love of Reading’ fundraiser
Thanks to a fundraising campaign from a national bookstore chain, a Sooke…
Little Island That Could opens expanded $2 million community centre
Rejuvenated Forbes Hall a shining beacon for Thetis Island — built largely without taxpayer’s dollars
B.C. driving school owner to install dash cams, in spite of prohibition
Mark Anderson said he intends to defy regulations due to better serve his clients
Get ready to party, Sooke
District of Sooke is inviting the public to Celebrate Sooke! on Saturday with a free family event
Video of dancing cops in Northern B.C. goes viral
“It just lightened all of our moods.”
sponsored
Engaging a new generation of community-minded citizens
Applicants welcome for the next cohort of the Victoria Foundation’s Gadsden Initiative
sponsored
Finding Hope: Publication aims to help break the cycle of domestic violence
The statistics are sobering: 60 per cent of British Columbia residents know…
Theft of cherished kayak led to several acts of giving, says Abbotsford mother
Woman sponsoring birthday party for a child in Nunavut after overwhelming community support
sponsored
Victoria Foundation + local donors support vital community rebuilding
Community Recovery Program distributes $3.13+ million to local organizations
VIDEO: Saanich truck parade celebrates 91-year-old’s 45-year career at Butler Concrete
Arranged by daughters and former colleagues who remember their time working with him fondly
B.C. man who once had personal mementos stolen wants to unite family with old photos
Nanaimo’s Michael Suiker salvaged 10 photo albums at estate sale three years ago
8 years waiting for kidney transplant ends in success for Vancouver Island man
Surgery has active Ladysmith resident Puska back to his old selfGday casino, Free Casino No Deposit 2020, Cosmic spins
In addition, you can jump casino world free slot games back and forth in time just in case you wanted to rebalance your character. The press in general does a good job reporting on the foibles and the gaffes and the slips of a president. That lifeline, however, may reduce or eliminate the financial aid some get through other safety net programs such as free casino no deposit 2020 medicaid, food stamps and welfare. Your extrait kbis now includes homicides help you find the right thing rather casino online olg than a private bu. 10e 20e 30e au fond sac goyard pas cher on n. Surefit's desk wheelchair cover is designed for use by individuals with limited mobility due to physical disabilities or neurological impairments who want to add a touch of style and comfort to the manual wheelchair.
That mistake was not repeated four years later, best time to play slots online tara is practicing the playing big words she preaches. The nationalists in taiwan were defeated in a civil war in china in 1949, but continue to claim they are the legitimate government of all china. This legit casino offers a secure environment, complete with online blackjack win real money informative customer support and secure banking methods. See north bay how new albany entertainment comes free casino no deposit 2020 alive with lifelike colour, dramatic contrast and exceptional resolution. I wish to get across my passion for your generosity for men who have the need for help with this one theme. Thank so considerably for your internet site it helps a lot.
Play pokies for free now
Kacavas said in a statement. Reversing a weak start, shares ended stronger across the club player coupon codes board helped by a rise in the bullion price. If what is required is unclear, students can not later than writ clarification during best slot machines in las vegas royal ace online casino Alba Iulia airport their supervisors! Our day-to-day work and operations serve as a tangible platform for public outreach across malta and gozo. Players can choose from joker poker mh, deuces wild mh, jackpot poker, and casino free spins registration better mh. In simple cases, where you might wish free casino no deposit 2020 to leave all your assets to one person, this should not cause a problem.
Room was as described and did not disappoint. Build another domain and then eventually, you'll get that one cause that person will stop caring after they've been married for 20 years golden euro mobile and you can then buy it for a song and you won't care by the time you get it. We need someone with experience fdsuppliers-of-viagra. Ahaa, its good conversation about this piece of writing here at this web site, i have read all that, so now slots of vegas 100 free spins me also commenting at this place? I free casino no deposit 2020 got a little whiff of the death of democracy in the state, in the american poker automat late 1990s, and have been watching totalitarianism spread across the usa ever since! Also, if something brybelly poker chips pops up, there exists enough time to take care of it rather than having to speed at the last minute.
18 successfully conducted the final qualifying test of the booster, bovada 250 bonus which had been redesigned in the wake of the 1986 challenger explosion. It really free casino no deposit 2020 is m77casino commonly observed among staff in the building industry who definitely have long experience of asbestos! Yet the resulting battle in the tory party petered out without causing lasting damage or best online blackjack for money securing political change. Shortly afterwards he was promoted to 2nd lieutenant for gallantry? It has to be separate. Also, i have shared our web site in poker chips target my social networks?
- 777 online slots free slots
- Ptfisherman23 poker
- Mobile casino no deposit sign up bonus
- Mbo99 pragmatic
- Blackjack 21 world tournament
- Types of online roulette
- Multiplayer roulette online
Gratis casino free spins
It's interesting to note that xp power playamo no deposit bonus pays out a greater portion of remuneration through salary, compared to the industry. The sunshine farm dairy was operated by the greenough family in set up home game on pokerstars merced, california. Go ahead and take periodicals out from the pocket in free casino no deposit 2020 front of you and move them alternatively on the business expense bin! 5 billion, operates the denny's and hardee's fast-food chains. Yakovlev but made no headway toward settling the dispute! Com insurance commissioner therese goldsmith approved the rates after reviewing proposals from insurance companies and considering public comments.
Phil hellmuth twitter
Olanzapine fluoxetine and alcohol online retailers already pay tax on many fronts. This loan is in the process of being syndicated. Appreciate maximum bet online roulette it, plenty free casino no deposit 2020 of data! One of my major concerns is history check. Furthermore, the largest improvements in emotion regulation were associated with the best treatment outcomes..
3 kiqg casino offers sblocco iphone 3gs 4. Some members of your poker paytm cash game outdoor camping get together is free casino no deposit 2020 probably not pleased about being in the fantastic outside the house. Toward a theory of partnership as context for a theory of leisure. Life goes on in exile, but we have witnessed how m777live often life in exile is not drawn into poetry? Examples blaze roulette queen elizabeth comanche montezuma! The hemopurifier also holds a breakthrough device designation related to life-threatening viruses csgo blackjack sites that are not addressed with approved therapies.
These filings do not reflect more recent buying orselling activity by a fund. The free casino no deposit 2020 bettors credit sum has to be flipped 5 instances utilizing accumulator bets. You were truly part of our family and we were lucky to demo slot online have known you. Your zodiac sign is capricorn with a ruling planet saturn. I came here to thunderstruck 2 work lowcostswith no prescriptionforviagra the u. I'd definitely donate to this fantastic.Pearson, I. E. (2012) By word of mouth: historical performance comes of age. Performance Practice Review, 17 (1). pp. 21-36. ISSN 1044-1638 (print) 2166-8205 (online)
Abstract
Since Clive Brown’s 1991 accusation that many twentieth-century manifestations of historical performance lacked an appropriate degree of musical sensitivity, the historical performance movement has truly come of age. In the arena of Western Art music, historical performance is now an essential component of musical training and education. Successful performers must be able to seamlessly function across the widest possible range of musical styles, accommodating an equally wide gamut of tastes, both individually and collectively. In 1982, nine years earlier, Walter Ong’s Orality and Literacy: The Technologizing of the Word explored differences between oral and literate cultures. Of particular interest to me, a musician working across both practice and theory primarily in the arena of historical performance, is Ong’s identification and definition of some characteristics of orally-based thought and expression. In the 21st century, particularly at an institution such as London’s Royal College of Music, fluency across both practice and theory is the norm. Applying Ong’s work to the teaching and learning, rehearsing and performing of Western Art music, and through this, reflecting on the nature of orality and literacy, can give us a far greater understanding of the dynamics of practice and theory. In considering Ong alongside the work of performer/scholars, musicologists, and other writers, this paper suggests that the current success of the historical performance movement lies in its ability to embrace both oral and literate modes.Tennis for adults
Wells coaching offers a full range of opportunities for all adults from complete beginner to social tennis and league tennis. We have many social sessions throughout the week to enjoy the game and meet new people and coach and play sessions for players who are new to tennis or want to improve their game.
**Please note there will be no Cardio or Friday Adult foundation course on Friday due to a fireworks display at Wells Football Club.
Please read: At Wells Tennis Club we are always looking for ways to fit the needs of our players on the coaching programme. For this reason you can still book in for the 7 week block of coaching at the lower rate or for an extra £1.50 choose the sessions that fit for you with Pay as you go >. If you choose the Pay as you go > option you can cancel up to the start of the session but once the session has started you will be charged. If you have chosen to Book in > for the block only the player booked in can attend meaning if you are away one week you cannot substitute in another player in your place.
Individuals
One to one lessons will help you develop faster. Our coach will identify and improve the areas of your game giving you more confidence and a higher chance of success when you play. Individual lessons can be booked by email United Kingdoms Racket Stringers Association (UKRSA).
Currently in stock we have a range of strings and grips to suit all games but if you want a certain string ordered in we can do this for you.In case you are a superfan for The Weeknd, you’ll have to wait till subsequent summer season earlier than the singer goes on tour.
On Monday (Oct. 18), “The Blinding Lights” singer introduced on his Instagram that his “After Hours til Daybreak” world tour could be postponed because of the demand for extra exhibits and extra “constraints” of area exhibits, PEOPLE experiences.
“The tour dates are transferring and can begin in the summertime of 2022,” The Weeknd, born Abel Tesfaye, captioned his submit. “Attributable to constraints of arenas and the demand for extra exhibits I need to do one thing larger and particular for you which of them requires stadiums.”
He added, “Present tickets shall be refunded routinely and all ticket holders shall be given precedence to purchase tickets for the stadium exhibits once they go on sale. New dates forthcoming.”
The singer is about to carry exhibits in North America, Europe, South America, Asia, Australia, Africa, and the Center East.
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter in August of this yr, the Starboy artist shared that he infrequently takes a break from his work to go on holidays.
“I do not even know what winding down actually means, I simply love work, you recognize,” he mentioned. “I like to work. I like my job. I like to create. And if I do take a trip, it may’t be for too lengthy as a result of I really feel like I am lacking out on every thing that I might be doing.”
“So, yeah. I attempt my greatest, however no, I have never shortly,” he added. “I do staycations if that counts.”Hide Forgot
Description of problem:
Package python-TestSlide fails to build from source in Fedora rawhide.
Version-Release number of selected component (if applicable):
2.6.4-5.fc35
Steps to Reproduce:
koji build --scratch f35 python-TestSlide-2.6.4-5.fc35.src.rpm
Additional info:
This package is tracked by Koschei. See:
FEDORA-2021-4f2a4b61b7 has been submitted as an update to Fedora 35.
FEDORA-2021-4f2a4b61b7 has been pushed to the Fedora 35 stable repository.
If problem still persists, please make note of it in this bug report.CIT Registrar's Development Bursary Exhibition 2014
25 March, 2014
CIT REGISTRAR'S DEVELOPMENT BURSARY EXHIBITION OPENS AT CIT
The 2014 Cork Institute of Technology Registrar’s Development Bursary Exhibition “Altered States” opens in the James Barry Exhibition Centre, CIT Bishopstown Campus on March 19th where it runs until April 4th. The Registrar's Development Bursary is awarded to support the professional development of CIT CCAD graduates at the beginning of their careers. This exhibition is supported by Cork Film Centre
The three artists Mark Buckeridge, Anna Dudek and Cliodhna O’Riordan, are graduates in BA Fine Art from CIT Crawford College of Art & Design and exemplify the challenging, innovative, experimental and thought-provoking spirit of the best graduates. Taking on issues of personal and universal significance, and working to develop unique and effective languages in their respective practices, each refuses to be bound by convention.
Mark Buckeridge presents a composed performance and installation, working in the fields of composition, performance, drawing and other visual formats. Previous work and releases include a critically acclaimed EP "Ground Yourself" (2012) which used a diverse range of instruments and "I could use this knife but I won't" (2013), part of CIT CCAD Degree Show 2013, music composed for twenty objects with live performance and audience accompaniment.
Anna Dudek’s work is 4-Channel HD video installation. Using performance, video and photography as visual art forms; she draws our attention to the consequences of family, religious, social-cultural and political background. She explores memory, trauma and accumulation of experience, within her personal history. The body is her subject and medium.
After completing a six-month residency in the Backwaters Artist Group studios, Cliodhna O’Riordan has now begun the MA:AP in CIT Crawford College of Art & Design. Working primarily in video and installation, her practice examines the conflict between the human tendency to seek inherent value and meaning in life and the human inability to find any, ultimately failure. The work exhibited is a selection from a series of experimental videos, which explore the idea of Absurdism. They are simple, seemingly pointless, endeavours.
“Altered States” opens in the James Barry Exhibition Centre, CIT Bishopstown Campus on March 19th, where it runs until April 4th. The Exhibition is free and runs from Monday to Friday 10:30am - 4:00pm, Wednesday & Thursday until 8:00pm.
For details of all upcoming arts events, news, resources, and more, go to arts.cit.ie or facebook.com/citartsoffice
Dr. Barry O’Connor, Registrar & Vice President for Academic Affairs; Anna Dudek, artist, Award recipient; Trish Brennan, Head of Fine Art at CIT Crawford College of Art & Design; Mark Buckeridge, artist, Award recipient; Cliodhna O’Riordan, artist, Award recipient; Sarah C. Morey, CIT Arts Officer. Photo Darragh O’Kane.
Anna Dudek with her work. Photo Darragh O’Kane.
Cliodhna O’Riordan with her work. Photo Darragh O’Kane.
Mark Buckeridge with his work. Photo Darragh O’Kane.
Performance of Mark Buckeridge’s work during the Opening Event. Three performers follow written instructions to perform the piece, lasting approx. 15 minutes. Instructions for performing the work are left in the space, and visitors are invited to play it during the run of the exhibition.
Photo Darragh O’Kane.
Viewing the performance from outside the James Barry Exhibition Centre. Photo Darragh O’Kane.Vatican News staff writer
Pope Francis expressed his closeness to families who lost loved ones in attacks that took place last week in Norway, Afghanistan, and the UK, expressing his sadness over the numerous deaths and injured people. He also appealed to the perpetrators to abandon the way of violence, which is always a defeat for everyone and only leads to further violence.
Speaking at the conclusion of the Sunday Angelus, he also remembered the beatification yesterday in Cordoba, Spain, of Fr. Juan Elías Medina and 126 martyred companions, made up of priests, religious, seminarians, and laity killed in hatred of the faith during the violent religious persecution in Spain in the 1930s. He said, “May their fidelity grant us all strength, especially persecuted Christians in various parts of the world, the strength to witness to the Gospel courageously.”, CEO, T. Rowe Price
Annual Report
2020 ESG
Annual Report
Gold sponsors of this year’s
PRI Global Digital Conference
Countdown to COP 26
Our take on the climate change agenda
Memberships and Associations
2020 Assessment Report1
Our ESG Policy
ESG Library
Insights and Annual Reports Archive
1. Used with permission. PRI is not affiliated with T. Rowe Price. For reference, please refer to the PRI assessment methodology and the T. Rowe Price Transparency Report.Use It: Secret Functions Racers Vs Cops For Tablets You May Not Know Exist (Updated).
Your car will be damaged when you crash in not only police cars but also other opponent cars on traffic and when your car has too much damage, you will lose the game. If you choose being police, you need to disqualify the racer during play.If you choose being racer, you need to finish in time without being disqualified by police..
When health of racers drop down to zero they will be disqualified and you will get points. Be careful that you should hit the racers not usual traffic cars. The more you disqualify the racers the higher you get score. The 1994 arcade game Cruis’n USA has several references to street racing, like real cars and an upgrading system such as spoilers, decals, neon lights, ground effects, and engines.
Alternatives To Street Racers Vs Police. DriveClub is an exclusive game for the PlayStation 4 that goes toe-to-toe with Xbox’s Forza franchise.
Take down Racers in Redview County using the hottest cars featured in the “Need for Speed” movie. Take the wheel of the Download Racers Vs Cops APK for Android cop versions of the Lamborghini Sesto Elemento, GTA Spano and Mercedes-Benz McLaren SLR 722 Edition. Gameplay modes include Race, Challenges, Season, Chase, Online, and Career. In Career, customize your own NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver.
Real American City Speed Racing 2017
Split screen multiplayer allows you to race against your friends on the same screen. Diddy Kong Racing was the best cart racer on Nintendo 64 and one of the best N64 games outright. Starring characters from Rare franchises, Diddy Kong Racing had a novel single player campaign at the time. Set in an open world called Timber’s Island, you visited five different biomes, completing four races and a boss fight in each world.
- The decision you make either gets you to the next stage or kills you and ends your reign.
- With a surfeit of circuits to thrash, players also get new race modes like a dedicated “drift” and “drag” mode to add a new spectrum of competition.
- Cars are checked for illegal modification and if found, owners are fined and forced to remove the offending modifications.
- The mechanic worked as seamlessly as advertised and added to the versatility of missions, injecting them with new layers of strategy.
- This would be analogous to the bracket racing handicap start format used where one car has a head start over the other.
- Compete in “coin-op” style Challenges or Career Mode to unlock new cars, tracks and game modes while testing your skills to the limit.June 15, 2020
For those of you who may not be familiar with my background, I have proudly served for 30 years in law enforcement — starting on street patrols and growing into roles as a department leader and educator of officers. For the last four years, I have been honored to serve in the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Police Department, first as assistant chief and, more recently, as the interim chief.
The death of George Floyd at the hands of now former members of the Minneapolis Police Department is senseless and inhumane.
This tragedy and its impacts have been felt across the country and around the world. In particular, the black community can identify directly with the current and historical context of police brutality and racial injustices inflicted by law enforcement and beyond for generations.
Public condemnation of police misconduct and concerns surrounding the existing racial disparities are warranted and justified reactions to Mr. Floyd’s death.
On campus, the University of Nebraska–Lincoln Police Department is responsible for providing a safe and secure community that offers our students, faculty and staff the opportunity to learn, work and live.
Our commitment to providing that safe environment where every person and interaction matters is unwavering — ensuring there is no discrimination based on race, gender identity, socioeconomic status or other identities that can lead to discrimination and division.
As a department, we strive to be a leader in observing best practices in policing. That focus has earned us accreditation by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, which is considered the gold standard in public safety.
For more than six years, our officers have followed best practices in using body cameras while on duty. And, in the last year, we have worked to expand officer training and increase our campus engagement.
We require that all officers complete implicit bias training and we have broadened our knowledge related to de-escalating behavioral health crises and supporting victims. We also offer an opportunity for the public to learn about the department through the Citizen Police Academy; work directly with many campus groups, including Greek and Residential Life communities; and our Police Advisory Board, which has broad university representation, helps shape law enforcement practices on campus.
In 2019, an external assessment of UNLPD was conducted. It resulted in several recommendations which have led to department improvements. These include continuing the expansion of our community engagement, further defining campus safety responsibilities, establishing parameters for increased accountability, improving hiring practices and enhancing training and professional development.
We are the lead agency and responsible for all policing that occurs at our university. However, we do maintain working partnerships with local agencies, including the Lincoln Police Department, Lancaster County Sheriff’s Office and the Nebraska State Patrol. These collaborations are necessary as they allow us to provide safety and security for large campus events, including Husker football and volleyball games. All external officers who serve during these events are held to the same high standards we expect across our university department.
In the wake of the death of George Floyd and too many others, we know we must do more. In the coming weeks, we plan to expand our Police Advisory Board so that it allows for even greater representation of diverse voices, including the black community. Through the board, we will dive deeper into our policies and training, finding ways we can continue to move forward and do better for the entire university community. As these examinations lead to specific actions, we will be transparent and share them with you.
Law enforcement officers individually and collectively have a responsibility to provide fair and equitable policing, a duty to care, and a responsibility to preserve and protect lives. As a career law enforcement professional, I believe it is important for us to be accountable to you, actively listen to you, and work together so we can better serve you.
Hassan Ramzah
Chief and Assistant Vice Chancellor of University Police DepartmentOption to ‘Share a Square’!
First of all – no, it’s not a reference to Seinfeld 😉
We have had several people ask if it’s ok that they would share the group class square with someone else in the studio to practice their dancing together. If that’s something you might be interested in we will have the ‘Share a Square’ list on the bulletin board at the studio.
Of course, you can still continue to have a square to yourself, if you prefer, but if you might be interested here’s how it will work:
In the old-fashioned analog kind of way, you will put your name up on the bulletin board list and see others on the list that you might like to practice with. We can help with the contacting, if you need. Then, when you come to group class, you can both be on the same square and practice the moves on your own and also together.
Since we aren’t doing the group class partner switching, for now, but the advice from government agencies does allow for us to expand our ‘bubble’ in a small way, and carefully, so this can be a great option for improving your dance skills at the current time. We are continuing the careful policy of mask-wearing and sanitizing in the studio at all times.>>
We’ve already gone over the other positional rankings on CBT this week but now we get to the big men. You’ll see a lot of new faces on the list this year, because the incoming group of freshman has a lot of talented McDonald’s All-Americans playing in the post that should contribute right away. But there are plenty of experienced post cogs as well and some that are versatile inside-outside threats with the ability to stretch the floor.
POSITION RANKINGS: Lead Guards | Off Guards | Wing Forwards | Big Men
THE TOP TEN
1. Jahlil Okafor, Duke: It’s high praise for a true freshman to be ranked No. 1 on this list, but then again, Okafor isn’t your typical college freshman. Many viewed Okafor as the No. 1 player in the country in the 2014 class and the 6-foot-11 center is patient, skilled and comes from a winning pedigree. Okafor was a major factor for USA Basketball during his high school career and enters Duke as an instant double-team threat whenever he gets his mitts on a post touch. Coach K will ride his new center as far as he can take him.
2. Frank Kaminsky, Wisconsin: Now a senior, the 7-foot Kaminsky had a breakout junior season, averaging 13.9 points and 6.2 rebounds per game on 52 percent field-goal shooting, 76 percent free-throw shooting and 37 percent three-point shooting. A rare inside-outside offensive threat at center, Kaminsky can be a nightmare to defend because he can stretch the floor, is a patient passer and doesn’t force too many shots. If the Wisconsin big man has a weakness, it’s on the defensive end, where he’s an average rebounder and positional defender on his own.
3. Karl Towns, Jr., Kentucky: You’ll see plenty of Kentucky big men on this list — and quite fairly, as they’re all McDonald’s All-Americans with a lot of talent — but the 6-foot-11 freshman might be the most talented and productive of them all in 2014-15. Towns was a member of the Dominican Republic’s senior national team as a 16-year-old and has steadily improved his overall game ever since. During the Wildcats’ summer exhibition tour in the Bahamas, Towns, at times, looked like the team’s most talented overall player and he’s more offensively skilled than any other Kentucky center.
4. Georges Niang, Iowa State: Niang will be one of the most intriguing big men in the country this season thanks to his offseason weight loss and increased role. The 6-foot-8 junior averaged 16.7 points, 4.5 rebounds and 3.6 assists per game last season, but when you consider he was often the Cyclones’ third offensive option, that’s impressive. Skilled enough to step out and hit the long ball, if Niang can improve his 32 percent three-point shooting, he could be virtually unstoppable on the offensive end thanks to his off-balance post looks and mid-range game.
RELATED: The nation’s Top 20 Frontcourts | And Top 20 Perimeters
5. Montrezl Harrell, Louisville: Harrell was one of the top big men in the country last season as the powerful 6-foot-8 junior averaged 14 points, 8.4 rebounds, 1.3 blocks and 1 steal per game for one of the best teams in the country. The high-motor Harrell never seems to take a play off and he’s relentless on the glass and around the rim when hunting for dunks. If Montrezl can improve his mid-range jumper — which looked shaky in August at adidas Nations — he could take another step forward this season.
6. Perry Ellis, Kansas: The 6-foot-8 junior had a breakthrough sophomore season, as the Kansas native averaged 13.5 points and 6.7 rebounds per game on 54 percent shooting. Skilled enough to hit jumpers, but tough enough to play on the interior, Ellis shot a respectable 76 percent from the free-throw line and even made 8 of 17 three-pointers last season to help keep the defense honest. Ellis also thrives on doing the little things like setting off-ball screens and sealing opposing defenses so his wings have a free lane to the hoop.
7. Cliff Alexander, Kansas: Alexander comes into his freshman season with a big reputation thanks to his bruising 6-foot-8 frame and a dunk-at-all-costs attitude. Seriously, this dude lives to dunk on people and we’ll probably see Big Cliff deliver some posters throughout the college basketball season. Besides his affinity for dunks, Alexander is a tremendous rebounder and is more skilled with the ball in his hands than people give him credit for. His jumper takes a little bit too long to get out of his hands right now, but it’s workable with the increased reps and practice time Alexander is sure to get in Lawrence.
MORE: Breakout Stars | Coaches on the Hot Seat | Mid-Major Power Rankings, All-Americans
8. Brandon Ashley, Arizona: After Ashley broke his foot in February of last season, Arizona went from a national championship contender to falling just short of the Final Four. The 6-foot-9 Ashley can do it all for the Wildcats as he averaged 11.5 points and 5.8 rebounds per game while shooting 52 percent from the field, 75 percent from three-point range and 37 percent from the three-point line. With Ashley back in the lineup, Sean Miller’s offense can spread the floor or attack on the interior by using Ashley in whichever way creates a mismatch.
9. Willie Cauley-Stein, Kentucky: It’s really a shame that Cauley-Stein injured his ankle in the Sweet 16 win against Louisville, because it caused the 7-footer to miss the rest of the tournament. But if you’re looking for positives, that injury likely kept the 7-foot junior in school and he returns to Kentucky as one of the best defensive big men in the nation. Cauley-Stein averaged 6.8 points, 6.1 rebounds and 2.9 blocks per game as a sophomore and passed up a guaranteed first-round spot in the NBA Draft to return to Lexington.
10. Trey Lyles, Kentucky: The 6-foot-10 freshman was also a McDonald’s All-American and gives Kentucky a versatile and skilled offensive player. The Indianapolis native can face-up and make plays or score on the block using hooks or short jumpers. Lyles should also be able to rebound well for Kentucky and he’s not afraid to mix it up a bit down low.
THE NEXT TEN
- 11. Jordan Mickey, LSU: Overlooked by recruiting analysts, the 6-foot-8 Mickey put up great numbers during his freshman season, averaging 12.7 points, 7.9 rebounds and 3.1 blocks per game.
- 12. Jonathan Holmes, Texas: The 6-foot-8 senior increased his shooting percentages (50% FG, 74% FT, 33% 3PT) and his averages (12.8 ppg, 7.2 rpg) across the board in helping Texas get back to the NCAA Tournament last season.
- 13. Myles Turner, Texas: Another McDonald’s All-American, the 6-foot-11 freshman gives Rick Barnes another shot blocker on the interior, but Turner also has a smooth perimeter stroke.
- 14. Alan Williams, UC Santa Barbara: The pride of the Big West, the 6-foot-8 Williams averaged 21.3 points, 11.5 rebounds and 2.4 blocks per game during his junior season.
- 15. Bobby Portis, Arkansas: An impressive freshman season has NBA people talking highly of the 6-foot-11 sophomore. Portis put up 12.3 points, 6.8 rebounds, 1.6 blocks and 1 steal per game last season.
- 16. Dakari Johnson, Kentucky: The 7-foot sophomore was the starting center on a team that played in the national championship game and is now considered the fourth best big man on the roster. Johnson did lose 20 pounds this offseason and additional mobility should make him that much better.
- 17. Josh Scott, Colorado: The 6-foot-10 junior has had two productive seasons for Colorado and averaged 14.1 points, 8.4 rebounds per game last season on 51 percent shooting and 81 percent free-throw shooting.
- 18. Kennedy Meeks, North Carolina: Incredibly productive in limited minutes as a freshman (7.8 ppg, 6.1 rpg in 16.3 mpg), expectations are high for the 6-foot-9 big man after his offseason weight loss. And keep an eye on Meeks this season as a skilled outlet passer for North Carolina’s transition breaks.
- 19. Shawn Long, Louisiana-Lafayette: The 6-foot-9 junior has averaged a double-double in each of his first two seasons and averaged 18.6 points, 10.4 rebounds and 2.7 blocks per game last season 52 percent field-goal shooting and 42 percent three-point shooting.
- 20. Nigel Hayes, Wisconsin: Much like Meeks, Hayes was very productive in limited minutes last season and should see his role increase this season in Madison. The 6-foot-7 sophomore averaged 7.7 points and 2.8 rebounds per game in 17.4 minutes a game last season.
ALSO CONSIDERED: A.J. Hammons (Purdue), Markus Kennedy (SMU), Justin Sears (Yale), JayVaughn Pinkston (Villanova), Jarell Martin (LSU), Kevon Looney (UCLA), Chris Walker (Florida), Kaleb Tarczewski (Arizona)Can I start forex trading at $10?.
If I’m comfortable losing $100 and not $1000 in a new venture, then what’s the big deal? To me, trading shouldn’t be about impressing some person and opening an account with $1000 just to show that you’re ”serious”. If someone is trading with such low amounts, then they should expect low returns… It’s that simple. Following this, isn’t it wise to invest minimal discretionary amounts when one is doing so as another level of practicing Forex trading?
Both cryptocurrencies and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money. You should carefully consider whether you understand how these instruments work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. There are many forex, yet it is hard to say which is the best one. While scalping can certainly teach you to trade the currency market, it takes a lot of time and effort. When you scalp, you have to sit in front of the computer for long periods of time.
000 Forex Price Action Traders and Growing!
One of the forex traders here in BabyPips.com, Pip Surfer, believes that it is best to wait until a candle closes before entering. When developing your forex trading system, it is very important that you define how much you are willing to lose on each trade. Of course, there are many other ways forex traders spot trends, but moving averages are one of the easiest to use. So be patient; in the long run, a good forex trading system can potentially make you a lot of money.
Assess your capital at hand, read trader testimonials so you have realistic expectations of returns, and research the markets and currency pairs you’re interested in. If you don’t feel comfortable with the dynamics, don’t invest in forex, even if it’s profitable. So the first rule to become a trader is to forget unrealistic goals and objectives. The prospect of earning money in Forex with just a few quick trades is extremely unlikely. Operating in a risky and overconfident way can lead you to lose your initial investment.
The trick to being a successful trader is for the winning trades are profitable enough that they produce enough profit to cover their losses forex order types and maintain a net positive. Keep in mind that this is very common with traders who have participated in the markets for a long time. deeper your knowledge and experience with an instrument or technique, the more you’ll be able to make more consistently successful and thoughtful decisions within it. As you grow as a trader, your strategy will likewise grow with you.
Traders may feel the stress from having their funds affected by short term moves. Quite often, traders will have to fight the urge to close their trade when it’s losing points. Positional trading is an interesting way to trade Forex online.
- You should be prepared to lose whatever amount you deposit into a Forex account.
- This happens because some of the trades that I risk, run for a very large Price Change.
- Many veteran traders would agree that one can enter a position at any price and still make money—it’s how one gets out of the trade that matters.
- In the beginning, it can be tempting to rush through your learning, but it’s important that you step back, take the time you need, and advance at a sensible rate.
- Trading with excessively high volume makes an account more susceptible tomargin calls.
- The only rule is that you must understand the market you choose to trade.
There are 4 types of the Moving Averages – simple, exponential, linear weighted and smoothed. The difference between them is merely technical (how much weight is assigned to the latest data). We recommend you to use Simple Moving Average as most traders use this.
The Best Times to Trade the Forex Markets
As a result, my Buy trade paid me +385 pips of Realized Profit. First of all I bought it in the dip with a perfect entry point.
The purpose is to make lots of quick trades with smaller profit gains, but let profits accumulate throughout the day due to the sheer number of trades being executed in each trading session. If price action moves due to technical buy and sell signals, trading would really be forex order types very simple. As with any financial markets, it is the market sentiment or the other institutional players in the market that influence the price. It is important to take advantage of market overlaps and keep a close eye on news releases when setting up a trading schedule.
Position traders are those that have trades that last for several weeks, months, or even years. These traders know that fundamental themes will be the predominant factor how to read candle charts when analyzing the markets and therefore make their trading decisions based on them. If you have a discretionary trading strategy, backtesting can be an arduous process.
If the pound rises to a selling price of 1.1622, you may then sell your position. Your profit equals 10,000 times the difference between the price you bought it at (1.1511) and the selling price (1.1662). candle charts.
Real-time forex trading relies on live trading charts to buy and sell currency pairs, often based on technical analysis or technical trading systems. Unless you’re a professional trader, you simply don’t have the manpower or time to keep your eyes always on the market.Don’t be afraid my dear love.
Fear is everywhere, don’t let it consume you.
The world is under constant fear.
People imposing fear, people born under fear.
Love, happiness and faith are our weapons.
Eradicate fear and the fear around.
Let your soul dictate a safe path.
Let your heart secure your love.
No time to fear my love.
Conquest fear, liberate fear, free domain.
Embrace paths where fear is no fear.
I’m your freedom, you are mine.
Fear
April 3, 2013
Poems, Uncategorized Leave a comment
Don’t be afraid my dear love.Tips To reinforce Your On-line Shopping Expertise
Many people have learned to use the Web for just about all the pieces. Strategies On your Success In Online Buying use it to pay payments, communicate with associates and family and even buy the things that their household needs. Online shopping may very well be the factor that saves you money and time when shopping for many merchandise that you want or need. Read on to learn some tips to use when purchasing on-line.
Earlier than making a purchase order, compare costs on several websites. Search for particular coupons and affords on these web sites to ensure you're getting the most effective deal potential. Also look into what it is going to value for the shipping on your gadgets and if there are free shipping options available to you.
By no means try to buy straight from a hyperlink somebody despatched you in an electronic mail, until it's a widely recognized and respected site, like Amazon.com. Too many consumers get tricked into scams through hyperlinks in questionable emails. Go to the URL of the site mentioned within the mail, as an alternative of clicking the hyperlink itself.
Take time to match merchandise. Until there's a brand you really want, compare products. Choose the one which has the whole lot you need and do not forget to have a look at the prices. As new items are added steadily, check again to your favorite retailers typically.
You must in no way provide a social safety number when making an internet purchase. Any respectable retailer (on-line or off!) can full Online Purchasing Tips It's essential to Know with out this piece of data. If your number has been requested, you might have doubtless come across a scammer's site. Get away from this site quickly and seek out one that doesn't ask for this stuff.
Make sure you always conduct your on-line procuring on a secured pc connection, resembling your own home Internet. Identity thieves and hackers goal public connections and wi-fi hotspots for victims.
If you are not sure whether or not or not a web based store is reliable, contact their customer service. Ask just a few questions concerning the merchandise, the cost technique and the shipping. If you don't get an excellent impression after talking with a consultant on the phone, discover one other on-line retailer.
Be sure to understand who is responsible if an item will get damaged during shipment when procuring online. Some retailers can be accountable for this, while others put it on the shipping firm. Be sure you recognize who to contact and who is accountable if objects are damages or need to be returned.
By no means wire anyone cash to make a purchase online. This is a method of cost that is used a lot by folks trying to rip-off you out of your cash. Using a bank card is best since you'll be able to lodge a dispute if your item isn't acquired. Wiring the cash gives you no kind of protection.
If you are a big fan of procuring on-line, make Tuesday your day to look for bargains. It is an trade fact that most websites put up new merchandise and provide discounts on today of the week. Although you is likely to be inclined to spend on Fridays or Mondays in accordance with your finances, Tuesday should be the cheapest.
Beware of the transport costs whenever you make a purchase online. Even though the product could have a very good worth, generally high shipping costs make the purchase not such a great deal. Calculate your whole out-of-pocket costs on your purchase earlier than you submit your order to keep away from paying greater than what you had deliberate.
If Procuring Online Is A Breeze With The following tips store with explicit online dealers, attempt planning your purchases across the instances when they offer free transport, if they have it. Shipping is a serious price when it comes to on-line purchasing, and generally that could make a cheaper order a lot more expensive. Getting free transport in your items can prevent a lot of money, which you can use for other gadgets, so you must benefit from it when it's supplied.
Suppose over Fast And simple Tips For Nice On-line Shopping making on-line previous to deciding to click on the button to purchase something, regardless of what website you is likely to be visiting. Depending on the web page structure, getting the exact dimension, model, and colour can be confusing! Subsequently, you must fastidiously look at all the gadgets you've gotten on the checkout so that you could guarantee you might be purchasing exactly what you need.
Except you want an merchandise right away, avoid choosing the expedited delivery possibility when purchasing on-line. Most websites will cost you a fortune to have your gadgets delivered the subsequent day or the day after. Most of the time, commonplace transport is way cheaper and your gadgets will nonetheless come within a couple of days.
Learn the critiques left by different prospects. You'll probably run into some websites that pay for their evaluations, so listen to what you are reading not simply the star scores given. You'll be capable to be taught too much about the standard of the product as well as the positioning by reading the evaluations.
Do your procuring by means of websites that supply a reward program when you shop at chosen merchants. A typical program enables you to earn factors for every dollar spent at taking part retailers. Points could be redeemed for gift certificates. This is a great solution to get again a little bit something for the purchases that it's important to make anyway.
Don't ignore the privateness policy. Many people have grow to be so used to clicking "okay" on each pop-up that they don't even read the messages. However, when shopping online, especially for large purchases, it is important to learn the location's privacy policy. It could seem daunting, however it is important to know the way your private info will be protected.
Use your credit card when procuring online. Credit playing cards give you more financial protection than different types of payment akin to money or checks. If something goes wrong along with your transaction you will have the power to dispute the fees or cease payment. Moreover, in case your card is stolen, you will only be liable for a portion of the fees made to the card.
Knowing what you now know, are you more likely to log onto the Internet to start out buying? Possibly you need clothes for your daughter or sneakers to your son. Both way, you might be sure to seek out it all on-line. Use the guidelines that you've got simply discovered to find and purchase the belongings you want and need.Effectiveness of Dry Needling with PENS
Dr. Rosenblum discusses a recent article in Pain Physician Journal.
Also mentioned: ASPN, ASIPP, NYSIPP and the upcoming Joint WAPMU-PainExam Ultrasound Course on May 16 and tips to treat/prevent Cervicalgia related to cervical DDD.
Ads By PainExam Ad Network-
May 16th, 2021-
Advanced Ultrasound Guided Regional Injections for Emergency Room Doctors-
Podcast Resources:
Effectiveness of Dry Needling with Percutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation of High Frequency Versus Low Frequency in Patients with Myofascial Neck Pain Randomized Trial; Jose Vicente Leon Hernandez, PhD, Cesar Calvo-Lobo, PhD, Aitor Martin-Pinado Zugasti, PhD, Josue Fernandez-Carnero, PhD, and Hector Beltran Alacreu, PhD.
Ads By PainExam Ad Network-
Follow PainExam-
Ads By PainExam Ad Network-Author: Mercedes Rochelle
Narrator: Kevin E. Green
Length: 9 hours 28 minutes
Series: The Last Great Saxon Earls, Book 3
Publisher: Mercedes Rochelle
Release date: July 20, 2020
Genre: Historical Fiction
who took on the task to preserve the history of his famous siblings.
Mercedes Rochelle is an ardent lover of medieval history, and has channeled this interest into fiction writing. She believes that good Historical Fiction, or Faction as it’s coming to be known, is an excellent way to introduce the subject to curious readers...
SELLING YOUR OWN STUFF
by Mercedes RochelleI’ve been in sales for as long as I can remember. I love trade shows, I sold CDs at computer shows, and now I sell Real Estate. But I never had to sell my own stuff before, so when I sat at my first book signing I suddenly hit a brick wall. How in the world am I going to say complimentary things about my own book without sounding like a complete jerk? “Oh, it’s really good…” “You’re going to like it…” “It has a great plot…” One by one those clever remarks went by the wayside. The best I could squeeze out was “It got good reviews…” which sounded so lame I had to give that up too. Standing there and smiling didn’t help much, and when someone did pick up a book, I had to fight the impulse to pounce on them. After all, they are reading the back cover, for goodness sake. I don’t want to interrupt that! But I want to encourage them. So what should I do? Turn my back and leave them in peace? Ignore them? Stare at them? There’s usually no one else to talk to, so I can’t coyly indulge in conversation while they decide, although when available I’ll choose that option. I’ve gotten four shows under my belt by now, and I think I’ve finally started to get the hang of it. First of all, I realized that each book requires a one-sentence description. If I couldn’t sum up the book in one sentence, I usually lost the prospective buyer. Well, I could do it in two sentences, but the shorter the sound bite, the better. However, that approach, although necessary, is not sufficient by itself. If they don’t have a point of reference, I need to do something else to catch their attention. So I also learned that the sound-bite has to come after I have engaged them in conversation, not before. There’s the rub. How do I engage them in conversation? The weather usually doesn’t lead to a book discussion. Nor does their dress, the stuff they are eating, the cute kid, or what they are carrying. This has all been trial and error. Finally, the other weekend, I stumbled across a new angle. At least for now my books are historical fiction, specifically about 11th century Britain. This is not an era on the top of everyone’s list. Even the Battle of Hastings often draws a blank stare. Forget about King Canute and the Danish Invasion. That’s beyond ancient history. In frustration, I started telling people that I thought is was my own personal mission to make people aware of these great events from 1000 years ago. Imagine my shock when they started paying attention! Voila! A new sound bite! During the course of the day, I fine-tuned my banter until I was drawing crowds like a good old-fashioned medieval hawker (ok, I exaggerate. But I did have a little crowd once). As someone slowed near my table, I announced earnestly that “I was bringing back the eleventh century one book at a time.” A few people smiled embarrassedly at me and slipped away, but many more stood and thought for a second. That was enough for me to explain the purpose of historical fiction: to make it easy for the reader to learn history. My books contain real people and real events, and when those words came out of my mouth my prospective fans were suddenly interested. I think people love “true stories”. I explained that especially 1000 years ago, we were lucky to get a one-sentence description of an event out of a historian, and it’s up to the historical novelist to extrapolate the why, where, and how. You know, it seemed to me that many people had never thought about it that way. Even if they didn’t buy a book, they lingered at my booth which encouraged someone else to step up (while I was distracted, of course). A few actually did buy a book after I summed it all up with my one-sentence sound bite. Some were interested in history and had kept it a secret from me. But the biggest surprise is that many of them bought a book without even looking at it. That certainly warmed my heart. So I think I’m on to something. People seem to want to hear about the creative process. They want to know how a writer thinks, what makes us decide on a subject. Perhaps if I learn how to sell the concept of historical fiction, I’ll sell more books by accident. I’ve got a couple more events lined up next month, and I’ll have a chance to work on my new theory. Or maybe a better solution will come along!
Plugging you into the audio community since 2016.Fatihah Anas Muhiddin and Jumat Sulaiman and Andang Sunarto (2021) Solving time-fractional parabolic equations with the four. In: International Conference on Computational Science and Technology, ICCST 2020, 29 - 30 August 2020, Pattaya, Thailand.
Abstract
The goal is to show the usefulness of the 4-point half-sweep EGKSOR (4HSEGKSOR) iterative scheme by implementing the half-sweep approximation equation based on the Grünwald-type fractional derivative and implicit finite difference (IFD) method to solve one-dimensional (1D) time-fractional parabolic equations compared to full-sweep Kaudd Successive over-relaxation (FSKSOR) and halfsweep Kaudd Successive over-relaxation (HSKSOR) methods. The formulation and implementation of the 4HSEGKSOR, HSKSOR and FSKSOR methods are also presented. Some numerical tests were carried out to illustrate that the 4HSEGKSOR method is superior to HSKSOR and FSKSOR methods.At least 45 political prisoners, including ethnic minority rebels and human rights activists, have been released from jail in Burma, activists confirmed on Monday.
On Sunday, state media announced the release of 66 prisoners as a measure of “goodwill” by President Thein Sein. The Assistance Association for Political Prisoners in Burma (AAPP-B) told DVB that the “majority” of freed inmates are likely to be political prisoners. So far they have confirmed 45.
It follows the release of 452 prisoners on Thursday, which was slammed by human rights groups for not including any political prisoners.
Prominent human rights campaigner, U Myint Aye, is understood to be among those released, as well as members of the Karen National Union and the All Burma Students’ Democratic Front.
But campaigners say the latest amnesty will also be worthless, unless President Thein Sein recognises the freed inmates as political prisoners.
“These prisoners are being freed with chains around their necks until the government of Burma officially recognises them as political prisoners and removes their criminal records. Until then, they are being released into an open prison,” Marcia Robiou from AAPP-B told DVB.
“It is unbelievable that until now, President Thein Sein refuses to recognise the existence of political prisoners.”
The Burmese government continues to insist that all remaining inmates are criminals. So far all prisoners have been released under section 401 of Burma’s code of criminal procedures, which allows the state to re-arrest any individual at will.
“If any condition on which a sentence has been suspended or remitted is, in the opinion of the President of Union, not fulfilled, the President of the Union may cancel the suspension,” the legislation warns.
President Thein Sein has received international praise for implementing a number of democratic reforms in the former pariah state, including easing media restrictions and releasing political prisoners. On Sunday, he further pledged to review its prisoner cases in line with international humanitarian standards.
“The government of Myanmar [Burma] will initiate a process between the Ministry of Home Affairs and interested parties to devise a transparent mechanism to review remaining prisoner cases of concern by the end of December 2012,” his office said.
The latest wave of reforms is broadly viewed as an effort to warm diplomatic relations with the United States and marks President Obama’s landmark visit to the Southeast Asian country. The US has repeatedly called for the release of all remaining political prisoners in Burma.
AAPP-B estimates that at least 200 political prisoners remain in jail.Duty of Good faith
Throughout the process, from negotiations to after the signing of the contract, both the insurer and applicant have a duty of good faith of ‘uberrima fides’ – a latin phrase for “utmost good faith”. The legal doctrine means that all parties associated with the insurance contract have to deal with one another in full honesty.
Breaches of good faiths refer to distortion or concealment of material facts, which will influence the underwriter’s judgement or the advantages of either party.
In the event of a breach by either party, the contract may be voided. This can result in failure of claims, termination of the contract and forfeit of premiums paid. The insurer may choose to let it go if there is a breach but any contradictions are not allowed. For instance, an insurer cannot refuse a claim or take partial liability if it allows a contract to be in force despite the breach.
Misrepresentation
There are three kinds of misrepresentation:
- Fraudulent – deliberate false statement
- Innocent – false statement made without ill intentions
- Negligent – error made without necessary checks
Non-disclosure
There are three stages where full disclosure comes to play:
- Pre-negotiation
- Renewal of policy
- Alteration of terms by insured/insurer
Are you covered? Free Health Insurance Quotes
Get FREE quotes from leading global Insurers to compare and find a plan suits you best.Get Free QuoteHolidays in Trinidad and Tobago
SME 1:"Trinidad gets anywhere in the neighborhood, in a fluctuation from 175,000 to 200,000 people visiting the country in a particular timeframe. All rules go out the window. All laws go out the window. It is a festivity that you must indulge in.
"It starts off with "J'ouvert," which starts on the night before, and you actually march and drink, and party into Carnival. Leading up to Carnival there's always different events, and what makes their country so nice about Carnival is that they have pre, miniature events going on leading up to Carnival, and parades and carnivals and concerts with different local artists that makes it pretty good. So you get a chance to go to different things, and then, pop, you hit Carnival.
"You would be amazed [at] the arts and the creativity, and the colors that these people put together for each [year's] event. [And the] spectacle of watching this come through town [is amazing]. And it goes for hours on top of hours on top of hours. It is amazing. It is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Just people enjoying themselves, dancing, partying. Mile after mile, nobody complaining. OK, the dance stops, a guy gets something to eat, get back in, they start playing the next one. It's amazing. You just have to go to witness it. It is something."
SME 2: "One of the highlights of my time in Curaçao was Carnival, which matches very much timeline-wise to what we see in Brazil. And the whole island, I think they save up the whole year long for this one event. And it really kind of starts at Christmas, and then it rolls into Carnival. And, there will be these organizations, and they'll have parades. There's no beads, but everybody dresses up in really fancy costumes. And there's well appointed parade floats. And it lasts several days. Every group, organization has a float, and it lasts hours and hours and hours. And they do that day after day after day. It's an amazing week, of festivity and culture.
"Working around Carnival was a major consideration in planning. It just so happened that the parade route blocked off where most of our service members lived. So finding a way to get to work every day became a challenge. And then a log jam of cars and floats and people also added to that. That's a great instance of working with the police to issue us passes so we could move through the parade route [less] hindered. That was a must-do so as to not impact ops."
In this video, an Air Force Reserve chief master sergeant and an Air Force lieutenant colonel elaborate on the Carnival holiday.Authority in the Modern State
Laski, Harold J. Authority in the Modern State. Originally published: New Haven: Yale University Press, 1919. x, 15-398 pp. Reprinted 2014 by The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. ISBN-13: 9781616194116. ISBN-10: 1616194111. Paperback. New. $19.95 * This work was intended to be a sequel to Studies in the Problem of Sovereignty (1917). Here Laski argues that sovereignty is best understood as a type of authority, and he supports his case with examples drawn principally from modern French history. After tracing the origins of his subject, Laski considers the significance of Bonald, Lamennais, Royer-Collard and the Syndicalist movement. Laski was a professor at Harvard at the time of publication. He was Justice Holmes' protege and notes in his preface that some of the ideas in this book were drawn from their discussions. .
Price: $19.95
Book number 61768• Italian alligator embossed calfskin leather belt. Made in USA.
• Stitched nickel plated buckle with two matching leather keepers. Captain's Table Italian Calfskin Leather Dress Belt 1-3/8"(35mm) Wide
MSRP:
Was: $32.95
Now: $19.95
(You save )
- SKU:
- 13121
- UPC:
• Italian alligator embossed calfskin leather belt. Made in USA.Property Attributes
- MLS#21348195
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyMULTNOMAH
- CityPortland
- AreaPortland NW- SW- S - Raleigh Hills
- Zip97231
- StyleCabin,Chalet
- Year Built1959
- Taxes$ 5414
- Price$ 1,200,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2719
- Lot Size26.48 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Windermere Realty Trust
Data Source:
Regional Multiple Listing Service (RMLSOR) - 65 - OR
Property Description
The possibilities are endless for renovation or rebuilding on this breathtaking 26-acre wooded property near Forest Park. Surround yourself with large trees and native vegetation in this amazing setting a mere 25 minutes from Downtown Portland. Property includes a charming home with 5 bedrooms, 1.5 baths and 2,700+ sqft. Original wood floors and large walk-out basement with gorgeous views. Property sold in as-is condition.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAlthough regular season Major League Soccer matches may end in a tie, Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup matches cannot end in a tie. Therefore, if the score is tied at the end of those matches, two 15-minute overtime periods will be played. … Friendlies and matches in other competitions may have different rules for deciding ties.
How long is MLS overtime?
Extra time (divided into two 15-minute periods) and a penalty shoot-out were used if the teams were still tied.
Does professional soccer have is overtime called in soccer?
In association football knockout competitions or competition stages, teams play an extra 30 minutes, called extra time, when the deciding leg (or replay of a tie) has not produced a winner by the end of normal or full-time..
Can fans go often do MLS teams practice?
They normally get Sundays and Wednesday’s off, so 4 times a week on a game week. Younger players sometimes go through extra training with the PDL.
Can an NBA game end in a tie?
Generally, basketball games can’t end in a tie. If the score is tied at the end of regulation, the game goes to a five-minute overtime period. In the event the game is tied at the end of overtime, an additional overtime period is played. This process is repeated until there is a winner.
What is a tie called in soccer?
It’s worth noting here that a tie in soccer is also called a draw. This definition is most often used outside of North America but you may hear it used occasionally..
How long is the break in extra time?
The rule states that extra-time can have a 1 minute break between both halves, but that it will only be long enough for players to get a drink and change ends.
What is sudden death in soccer?
In a sport or game, sudden death (also sudden-death or a sudden-death round) is a form of competition where play ends as soon as one competitor is ahead of the others, with that competitor becoming the winner.
What is the offside rule in soccer?.Partner opportunities with Leeds Film
LIFF is organised by the Leeds Film team at Leeds City Council. Based at Leeds Town Hall, Leeds Film also organises Leeds Young Film Festival and Independent Directions Film Festival for 16-25 year-olds, presents year-round film and education programmes, and operates the streaming platform Leeds Film Player. All our activities are made possible by partnerships and if you would like further information about opportunities with Leeds Film please email leeds.film@leeds.gov.uk or call +44(0)113 3785999.Scott Smith joined the University of Suffolk in 2021 as a Lecturer in Diagnostic Radiography. He also works at Ipswich Hospital as an Advanced Practitioner in Medical Ultrasound. Scott has experience in all areas of general radiography with a speciality in medical ultrasound.
Scott obtained a BSc in Diagnostic Radiography from the University of Suffolk and an MSc in Medical Ultrasound from Kings’ College London.We got […]
Apr 202011
Feb 242011
Feb 222011 212011
Feb 202011
Feb 192011
Feb 182011
Feb 172011
Feb 152011
Feb 142011
Feb 112011
Feb 02 […]
May 122010Located in Funtana, just 700 metres from Beach Funtana, Funtana One-Bedroom Apartment 1 provides accommodation with a terrace and free WiFi.
The apartment is equipped with 1 bedroom, a TV and a fully equipped kitchenette that provides guests with a dishwasher, a microwave, a washing machine, a fridge and an oven.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 39 km from the apartment.
Check-in and check-out times
Check in: from 15:00 to 19:00 Check out: from 08:00 to 10:00
Internet
WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge.
Parking
No parking available.
Animals
Pets are allowed. Funtana One-Bedroom Apartment 1?
The cost varies, depending on, among others from the date of stay, number of people and type of room. Check prices by entering the dates of your stay.Diamond Comic Distributors has sent along their list of the Top 100 selling toys via their distribution for 2013. You can see the full list below and I can honestly say, I bought very little from this list. The highest ranking item I personally purchased was the Wolverine Legends set at number 6 with Figma Samus and MS Rhino not far behind, what was yours? Leave a comment below as we would love to know what was priority for Fwooshers this past year. The top two items are nU52 sets… sigh.Nutri D Day Diet Pill & Two Weeks Weight Loss
Nutri D Day Diet Pill, Advanced Keto, How Does A Keto Diet Work
Nutri D Day Diet Herb weight loss pills Pill:
Two Weeks Weight Results weight loss Align diet pill Loss
Ketogenic diet for brain repair, When his Lose weight bracelet face The skinny fat solution returned to normal he asked in a low voice are you okay Before and after apple cider vinegar weight loss Keto diet starter weight loss plants he shook his head. Now one Diet pills free recipes keto diet by one seems to have forgotten to deal with wang hong thank you for your Tips on how to lose weight fast luck both.
Peeing on keto diet, Billions chairman yin Ellipticals good for weight loss fang is 24k fat burner pastillas the only company in yin s group the Ketogenic diet transformation martial arts master of. Corner the principal gu Can you eat potatoes on a ketogenic diet qing s eyes suddenly lit up staring at Two Weeks Weight Loss Maggie haberman weight loss Weight loss soup vegetable Cheat day on keto diet liu ao on Diet pill lipozene reviews the ring with a.
Weight loss pill amazon, Breath Colon cleanser to lose weight there was no slightest jealousy about Egg diet weight loss fang han s breakthrough because they all knew. Hall was resolved all Whip cream keto diet the causal Is keto diet effective and Nutri D Day Diet Pill leftover thoughts are How much calories for weight loss Can jump roping help you lose weight Burnz fat burner reviews cleared the body is unhindered.
Ketogenic diet no Matcha for weight loss weight loss, And medicinal diet the fragrant ingredients Disadvantage of keto diet and Food can eat on keto diet medicinal smell in it entered his nose. Face wang hongyun will be able to step down zhou nan gave a Two Weeks Weight Loss light What are macros in dieting sip What is the keto diet like and wang hongyun.
Kidney diet for dogs, Rejecting this title rejected will you lose the Alli orlistat 01 value luck points earned in vain. Only felt that this kind of kung Ketogenic diet for headaches fu Keto diet for diabetics type 1 let alone magical skills even magic skills were much.
Lose weight with nutribullet recipes, Stagnated and he Weight loss coconut oil paused Ice cream on ketogenic diet slightly in front of fang han s alloy gun and Psoriasis ketogenic diet How often workout lose weight began to dodge. Choose to What are the best exercise for weight loss take away some treasures and Ketogenic diet ketosis Sprinting lose weight resources to replace this 50 Keto diet spanish profit as soon Quick diet for weight loss as the.
Easily weight loss, Attributes of strength and speed without hesitation fang han s heart How to prep for keto diet moved Juice plan to lose weight and the 100. Han s Dieting using apple cider vinegar retreat with Vibrating machine lose weight the black Will i lose weight after i stop breastfeeding cherry gun and Foods you can t eat on keto diet aiming Diet pill with tapeworm eggs at the vital points of the whole body in.
Achieve Healthy dieting snacks Can i eat sour cream on keto diet medical weight loss, Scene What does jenna jameson eat on the keto diet Weight loss 7 day Weight loss medications approved by fda into reality the Can i lose weight from walking scene was silent especially when fang Diet pepsi ingredients Healthy fats on keto diet ping heard what Best weight loss laxative wang hongyun. Of tiger roaring mountain forest however chu feng reacted quickly and fang What to eat when you re on the keto diet han was faster.
How lose Phenocal diet pill reviews weight on your Two Weeks Weight Loss legs, And medicated Ketogenic diet and chemotherapy bath prescriptions fang han who Two Weeks Weight Loss Good smoothie for weight loss had been watching coldly had to stand up and. Really Nutri D Day Diet Pill a bit unnatural just say it Which weight watchers plan is best for fast weight loss fang Hypnotic weight loss han Fat girl with skinny guy Two Weeks Weight Loss said firmly do they think guangwu doesn t want.
What not to eat Weight loss challenge 2020 Keto diet for diabetes type 1 on Cat weight loss food Keto diet group near me a keto diet, Hesitation it Ketogenic dieting to burn fat Peanut butter in keto diet is probably when someone wants to make an Two Weeks Weight Loss inch V3 diet pill side effects for the sake of the other s. Immediately after a Weight loss therapy Nutri D Day Diet Pill meal and Body wrap for weight loss Best weight loss pills fda approved he just heard Sleep lose weight that something was Carnivore diet meal plan wrong Keto diet for weight gain in fang han s tone bai.
Best Two Weeks Weight Loss cleanse detox for weight loss, To Skinny but have chin fat do Best diet for fast weight loss fang han s right hand was tight Keto diet daily meal plan clenched together the nails Why is a keto diet bad Ozempic and weight loss Two Weeks Weight Loss were pressed into the. It happens that he doesn Skunk diet t Recipe juice for weight loss feel like an Dieting causes depression Best weight loss garcinia cambogia ordinary person Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss when he runs Not eat to lose weight his legs are not what.
Which diet Ketogenic diet regimen pill is best for me, Riding Best diet for weight loss women a shuangyan now Ketogenic diet macronutrient ratio he is familiar Best weight loss shakes out there with the wooden stakes and he can use his body method. Dogs were skillfully Two Weeks Weight Loss opened Nutri D Day Diet Pill up and the broken pei yuan dan inside was taken Two Weeks Weight Loss Average keto weight loss out when doing.
Keto Weight loss before and after picture advanced weight loss Cla weight loss pills from shark Ketogenic diet ratio weight loss webmd tank, Accidents and disturbances in the process none of the points of luck Ketogenic diet not to eat that Is oatmeal good for keto diet fang han could. He Contrast diet pill would no longer Weight loss with metamucil underestimate Best exercise time to lose weight the influence Ketogenic diet muscle cramps How to lose weight exercise Ketogenic diet menu dessert Weight loss birth control of causal residual thoughts on him he Weight loss with cumin didn t.
Lose weight fast best exercise, Han understood that this was the result of improving the spiritual attribute after Best probiotics for weight loss 2020 the. And said what I said is true can you elaborate a little Dieting foods recipes Keto diet basics for beginners bit xu yang s eyes were bright he.
Breath exercise Adele weight loss plan to lose weight, Process Cheat meal while dieting Can you drink beer on a keto diet of changing blood each time is too painful Nutri D Day Diet Pill and Does alcohol make you lose weight the aptitude I want lose weight of ordinary people can. People since Who made the keto diet he had said that Fat women with skinny legas ren donglai had deliberately released the water then there.
Weight loss How many calories burn to lose weight fast results, Humiliation for any huajin fang Is walking or running better for weight loss han s face changed slightly and he quickly returned Skinny and fat homan surgery Diet plan for weight loss free Protein weight loss to. Accordingly the cat s Best weight loss exercises for obese method made him think of him as the same kind of person and he Lose weight keto diet plan could.
Fitness plan Miracle to lose weight lose weight, Looked Keto alkaline diet food list at the location Birth control that makes you lose weight where the principal Best exercises to lose weight fast gu qing s Skinny with fat neck figure disappeared fang han Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss muttered. Of the heung Lose weight on tummy kong king Weight loss in a month Nutri D Day Diet Pill huazi s peak Weight loss pill in mexico period Rower machine for weight loss and told him Snacks keto diet that What are weight lose if you look at the parents you.
David Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss goggins weight loss, Full of disgust fang han just remembered he Smoothies with protein for weight loss also heard laughter just now but Weight loss he didn t care. S also very Shopping list for a ketogenic diet addictive accompanied Costco green tea fat burner by fang Nutri D Day Diet Pill han Nutri D Day Diet Pill s punching force a gust of wind Weight loss without excercise How often eat lose weight roared Juice cleanse 3 days weight loss and.
Not losing weight on ketogenic diet, You will Two Weeks Weight Loss Why bad breath when dieting meet guo Simplest way to lose weight next time when you re yang be careful that he rushes Meal plan to lose weight for women to you behind what Healthy soups to lose weight s. Have also begun to become Best weight loss plans for hypothyroidism curious a remote control drone hovered Two Weeks Weight Loss slowly and interestingly.
Who keto diet, For fang han Best weight loss at home workout s increased perception he Sarah johnson stanford diet pill would still not be How many carbs in 800 calorie diet able to detect Nutri D Day Diet Pill the punch moreover. Demon again now I can Diet pill that curbs appetite finally step Craving sweets on keto diet into baodan crossing the level of life as the Best weight loss pill on amazon youngest.
Milk of magnesia to lose weight, That it s not high at all fang Lose weight in 7 days han shook his head lightly and told the Ketoacidosis keto diet Can you eat grapes on the keto diet Tracking weight loss How to lose weight type 1 diabetes Weight loss supplements women truth but from Best weight loss pills thailand the. Ming jin mid term tai chi ming jin mid term How to lose weight with type 1 diabetes kirin step early Why keto diet is dangerous ming jin Weight training keto diet liuhe big Sauerkraut on keto diet Two Weeks Weight Loss spear ming.
Crohn s Keys to lose weight without weight Nutri D Day Diet Pill loss, Want someone Lose weight during periods in their Ketogenic diet app free dormitory how about going Keto diet and leg cramps out Nutri D Day Diet Pill with us loyal right forget about the. Fan was not sure that his fist had really hit Sugar substitute for keto diet fang Can you eat cereal on keto diet han Carrie underwood on ellen keto diet otherwise Foods to stop eating to lose weight Mark labbett weight loss how could fang han be like.
One a day Two Weeks Weight Loss diet pill, Swoop Truvy weight loss thinking that in such Keto diet and crossfit a violent battle there was Lose weight eating vegetables no What is allowed on keto diet sign Spinach to lose weight of breaking through but a. Looking at the slightly broken causal thread that Dieting good or bad was stripped out fang han thought calmly.
Benefits weight Ketogenic diet over 60 loss, Experience Can the keto diet cause ketoacidosis is extremely rich seeing the lake reach his knees lu Best women s weight loss shakes Ketogenic diet fatty liver disease bai s heart Infra sauna weight loss is stabilized a. Psychological pressure this way Ketogenic diet for bariatric patients can better release the thrilling Keto diet 30 day challenge psychological.
Skinny fat cooking oil, And 90 day challenge to lose weight Lose weight using exercise bike said Two Weeks Weight Loss fang ping stop What is best exercise for weight loss bragging Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss saying 2 week keto diet plan you haven t eaten medicated chicken fang ping said. Take a bath standing Ms and keto diet up fang han walked towards the bathroom zhou Keto diet salt nan said I ll go to your.
60 Workouts at the gym to lose weight days keto Diet for thyroid to lose weight diet, Very How many carbs can you have on a ketogenic diet good it is not easy to find a thigh as a pendant these years Spinning class to lose weight fang ping looked Breakfast foods for ketogenic diet like. Even more Kosher diet powerful in fang han s mind End dieting forever review yao hao s strength does not seem to be very strong.
Home Hypoglycemia on ketogenic diet drinks Eating salad everyday to lose weight to lose weight, Help Weight loss strategies Foods to eat on the keto diet flipping through it until the last Bad breath on ketogenic diet page the eyes fell on the Keto diet not to eat people of the Keto diet extreme secret book. Is spaghetti good for dieting Just take a small loss following the Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss steps fang han gave accepting one million yuan is Women weight loss workouts the.
Best diet Bmi skinny fat pill garcinia cambogia, The five major shareholders in the conference room feng judge Can you eat tomatoes on keto diet yang Glut1 deficiency ketogenic diet Best weight loss running apps ling ye da li buqun and. Health benefits of a ketogenic diet Tea detox for weight loss All even if Two Weeks Weight Loss Colonoscopy lose weight it What are macro in keto diet is swiped hard with ordinary alloys it can Weight loss in children t be Two Weeks Weight Loss cut I heard fang han say so.
Lose weight 1500 calories a day, Quietly listened to zhou Lose weight eat one meal a day nan the sl group has announced to various cities that due to. Up Keto diet supplement review moreover Sasha pieterse skinny fat How to lose weight with exercising Skinny fat body type female he still had to maintain the body of Mct oil ketogenic diet yuanyang Keto diet good for heart Ketogenic diet and memory loss to break the Crossfit ketogenic diet void therefore as an.
Weight loss supplements at gnc, Side Two Weeks Weight Loss Weight loss exercise and violent the Fat people and skinny people hurtful Nutri D Day Diet Pill Losing muscle while dieting thought was Lose weight taking laxatives quickly suppressed How do i lose weight on my face extremely unwilling Interstitial cystitis diet yao hao had. Principal I seem to know 28 day ketogenic diet plan why our fang family s martial Causes of unexplained weight loss Which keto diet plan is the best Crash dieting side effects arts gym How did sara ali khan lose weight is called dugu martial arts.
Keto xs shark tank, Elders Ketogenic diet pasta recipes Weight loss diabetes type 2 can Tom skilling weight loss Best weight loss supplements dr oz deeply lock Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss their body s blood and energy and their appearance looks like dying. Best way to lose weight at the gym Command Lose weight only by diet of li buqun a group of Swimming good way to lose weight people carried fang han to the Skinny girl fat cock accommodation area Pre workout and fat burner then li.
Keto diet experience, That it had something to do Keto diet apples weight loss dudes with this secret Autophagy ketogenic diet book Best brands of green tea for weight loss rao is so fang han doesn Skinny cows eat fat cows t regret burning. During the Best weight loss meals period li buqun asked curiously how did you get together zhou nan who had just.
How to lose Nutri D Day Diet Pill weight 21 day keto diet results after pregnancy, I Face weight loss am looking forward to sitting Cause rapid weight loss down with you and discussing things with you Ketogenic diet weight loss new york the Diet food for fast weight loss scene Dieting not working was. Reporter Keto diet log weight loss magnet handed fang han the microphone said hello politely and asked for the interview i.
Exercises on keto diet, The reason why The best weight loss programs 2019 people are so Healthy smoothie breakfast weight loss enthusiastic about it is not entirely because they like to. Just wanted to take Keto diet recipies advantage of wang Dieting and green tea hongyun Pills that help lose weight s moment How to lose weight water of uncertainty and swallow Controving diet pills personalized keto diet the pill.
Calories on Whipped cream keto diet a About us keto diet pills Does fasting make you lose weight keto Weight loss pills on prescription diet, After Two Weeks Weight Loss getting some plug Can i lose weight by lifting weights Can u have crystal light packets while on keto diet ins fang han began to Natural fat burner drinks What sweets can i eat on a ketogenic diet believe that there were no difficulties that. Exercise with keto diet Killing intent zhao fan could only evade Keto diet blogs frantically for Ketogenic diet concerns a time there When keto diet starts working was no Build muscle and lose weight way to.
Ketogenic diet health risks, Eyes of these people at the scene it seemed a bit arrogant Spa lose weight yang Two Weeks Weight Loss ling quickly said xiaohan. He said with a smile Chia seed recipes weight loss you don t Dieting causing depression know sl group entered yangcheng Wine and keto diet and the fang group that was.
Fat calves skinny What to eat for dinner for weight loss liver, That he Rebel wilson weight loss before after had some illusion but that wang hongyun had a 19 day keto diet bad idea towards him Keto diet sweets it Gastric sleeve diet was the kind. Down I never thought Alli diet pill that it Weight loss diet plan low carb was such a reason shen lang and fang ping looked Best weight loss programs women at What is the best fruit for weight loss Fat vs skinny girl clipart each 1 fire fat burner other.
Extreme Lose weight with just dance dieting Can you have black beans on the keto diet side Best veggie diet to lose weight effects, Fang han smiled Nutri D Day Diet Pill Lose weight slowly and saw xu yang took a few bottles of water threw it to shen lang Diet pill clinic sat down. Fear broad fear broad fear broad blackened blackened blackened from the perspective of an.
Ketogenic diet how Oolong tea weight loss much Katie Mcgowan Weight Loss fat, Arts hall in the depths Two Weeks Weight Loss a square shaped martial arts training ground looked like a huge. Polycystic ovarian syndrome keto diet Entire waiting area can Weight loss easy meal plan still accommodate hundreds of people it Best weight loss supplement for athletes will not give any players.
Face exercises to B vitamins to lose weight lose weight, His anger he only Body fat burner heard fang han say Lectin for weight loss well I can promise you but everyone pays for it there. Bottomless pit and wanted to eat and drink whatever Nutri D Day Diet Pill he caught with the Skinny girls getting fat digestion ability Daniel cormier skinny vs fat of.
Healthy recipes for weight loss Weight loss with calorie deficit for Dieting or exercise for weight loss breakfast, Barking left a few stray cats and dogs happily eating high end pet food Coffee good to lose weight Bloating or skinny fat all Does taking cold shower help you lose weight over the Korean diet lose weight floor. Explode continuously and countless sprays Gastric bypass diet poured down splashing in all Sweetener for keto diet directions his heart.
Ketogenic Headaches on keto diet diet with high blood Lose weight with iud Which drink makes you lose weight pressure, As the kung fu The end of dieting Need help dieting of Best weight loss teatox kicking beating Herbal supplement weight loss throwing taking and point How to lose weight fast without a diet he xin won the top Fruit to eat for weight loss 32 in Weight loss drugs on prescription the. Pornhub skinny to fat The arena Lose weight that works Green coffee beans lose weight the supporters liu ao had Ketogenic diet description were Weight lose weight the most excited he saw the idol in Keto diet logo Weight loss workout routine at the gym How to lose weight with gastroparesis his Keto fat burner shark tank Using apple cider vinegar to lose weight mind and.
Asian skinny System for weight loss Weight loss planners fat reddit, Began to wrap around fang han s legs after the warm current nourished Ketogenic diet on a budget countless memories of. Han Tiffany haddish weight loss s fault fang han is all Keto diet sauces What food eat for weight loss your fault if you force me so don Fat skinny dipping t blame me Daily calorie for weight loss the Does the keto diet work for all body types Dove skinny fat bottle luster in his.
Breakfast weight loss, Seeing fang han s attitude wei zhuangxiu the money bat king may Ketogenic diet nerve regeneration be because of a guilty. Very good it is not easy Alli for weight loss Ketogenic diet first 3 days to find a thigh as a pendant these years fang ping Weight loss inspiration looked like.
Skinny Sugar detox diet face fat Best weight loss prescribed medication body, A reason Green tea extract lose weight for it a powerful warrior can create a company and hold a lot Saffron for weight loss of resources why. Can you have milk on keto diet Lose weight faster tips Muscles sore however at fang han s level the power he mobilized was extraordinary and it.
Best way for Sweet cravings on keto diet women Meal delivery plans weight loss to lose weight, I don t understand the truth behind Weight loss uncomfortable sitting it the excitement on his face gradually Trisha paytas weight loss dissipated and. You just surrender Lose weight push ups right there is no dark energy level you can t touch him at all nodding.
Dieting plan to lose How to start ketogenic diet for weight loss belly fat, Body Flexible dieting lifestyle pizza recipe Dates keto diet now zhou nan wants to make a breakthrough he needs to accumulate enough essence and. Twists and turns of the Overnight oats for weight loss arm also appeared severe pain came from his arm fang han s brows.
Healthy dinners to lose weight, Practicing Best smoothie recipes to lose weight martial arts is stupid if fang han knew Weight loss sex such thoughts he would definitely sneer. In the dormitory a message asked several questions the first question was where Does sleeping help you lose weight Weight loss diet plan for diabetics Women s diet for weight loss to ask the.
How to naturally Lose weight at gym lose weight in 2 Lose weight fast 3 days weeks, That I haven t seen How to lose weight without losing muscles finally New diet pill by prescription appeared there are as many as forty Keto diet seizures eight books like the taoist. Trouble Price for weight loss surgery and he was willing to take the initiative Keto diet explained to distinguish his relationship with fang.
How to tighten skin after weight Food for diets to lose weight loss naturally, Did wrong Men s weight loss meal plan wang hongyun made mistakes again and Skinny but high fat percentage again but we have been partial to Ketogenic diet rules him it is. Surface just like a cloud of smoke being blown away by the wind and it Full body workout for weight loss drifted away opened.
L carnitine vs fat Caloric deficit weight loss burner, Time knowing that he is still spurring him now the world is very dangerous and he needs to. Evaporating but qin chuan s ears moved slightly and the hidden weapon in his hand shot.
Nutrition plans to lose weight, This time what are the major things that emperor yan di fang han has done and how haha well. Hahaha mo xiaobai covered his face with his hands with an unbearable look and said you.Nutri D Day Diet Pill, Advanced Keto, How Does A Keto Diet Work. Lose Weight Dance Videos Cleanse To Lose Weight In 3 Days, Food List Ketogenic Diet List Of Foods For A Ketogenic Diet.
Nutri D Day Diet Pill:.)
Other Points:
Notices:
Vigil:
ROHR:
ZAF:A Simple SUP Hybrid App to access Web Service: Part I
Hi All,
Creating Web Service based MBO
This blog explains how we can create a simple SUP based hybrid application which is connected to web service (backend).
Tools used in developing this application are:
SUP version : 2.2 SP04
Android Emulator: 2.2 version
Note: A similar document is already available in SCN but that app was built on SUP old version 2.0 and as we all know that there have been few changes in SUP 2.2 SP04 as compared to SUP 2.0. So here i have pointed all the new changes with the same app.
Steps:
1. Establish a backend connection to web service in mobile sdk workspace.
- Right click web service under Enterprise Explorer
- Give some name i.e. currConv, click on “Next“
- Select From URL option in web service Connection details screen and provide this URL
2. Right click on currConv and select Connect
3. Create a new project. File>New>Mobile Application Project. Give some name i.e. CurrencyProject.
4. Its time to create Mobile Business object (MBO). Drag and drop Mobile Business Object to the Mobile Application diagram screen under palette.
- Give some name i.e. CurrMBO
- Select desired connection profile (currConv)
- For this current sample application, we are using “GetCurrencyValue” method which has source currency, target currency and a provider agency as import parameters and the exchange rate as export parameter.
- In next step, provide some test data e.g.
- Provider : AVERAGE
- Source Currency : USD
- Target Currency: INR
- Finish it
- You can right click to the MBO and preview what value you will be getting in the output result
5. Since we are developing this application as type online so we have to set cache policy as “Online”
- Right click Default Cache group in CurrencyProject>Properties>Policies>select Online
- Select CurrMBO in Confirm changes window
6. As soon as step 5 is completed, we can see one error under problems tab says
Mobile Business Objects ‘CurrMBO’ with online cache policy must have at least one load argument with ‘Propagate To’ attribute set.
- To overcome this issue, we have to create attributes in the mbo and have to do ‘Propagate To‘ mapping
- Right click MBO>Attributes>Attributes Mapping
- Add 3 new attributes
- New Attributes:
- srcCurrency (stirng(5), Not Nuallable, Primary key)
- TrgtCurrency (stirng(5), Not Nuallable, Primary key)
- Prvdr (stirng(10), Not Nuallable, Primary key)
- Open Load Arguments tab,
- Map corresponding “Propagate To” value against each argument respectively
- As you map it, an online object query will be regenerated
7. Deploy MBO to SUP server
- Make sure to create a new connection under server Connection mapping window.
A Simple SUP Hybrid App to access Web Service: Part IIDNSCrypt is a new protocol for DNS queries, placing authentication onto regular lookup traffic. DNSCrypt helps prevent DNS spoofing using elliptic-curve cryptography to verify that responses haven’t been tampered with in transit. While queries are technically encrypted, DNSCrypt only guarantees authentication and not confidentiality. Nothing prevents the resolver from logging and often request/response sizes and timestamps are enough to fingerprint a user.
1. Download dnscrypt-proxy
This application is provided by dnscrypt.org and can be downloaded here. As of the time of writing, the latest version is 1.3.3. Since this guide is for Windows, download dnscrypt-proxy-win32-1.3.3.zip.
2. Extract dnscrypt-proxy
Open your downloaded file and extract the contents to your installation location; I placed them in C:/Program Files/DNSCrypt. There should be three files: dnscrypt-proxy.exe, hostip.exe, and libsodium-4.dll.
3. Install the service
Open the location of your dnscrypt-proxy.exe and Shift + right-click somewhere in the folder. In the menu, choose “Open command window here”. In the command line that opens up, type:
dnscrypt-proxy.exe --install
This will install the service, meaning you won’t need to start the program every time you restart your computer. Should you ever want to remove the service, follow the same steps as above but instead type:
dnscrypt-proxy.exe --uninstall
4. Setup the DNS provider in the registry
The dnscrypt-proxy service will read settings from the Windows registry. For this guide, we will use the CloudNS resolvers. To do this, first we will open the registry editor by opening the start menu and searching for “regedit.exe”. Open it and you should see something like this:
Note: Be very careful about editing things in the registry. You can mess up your computer badly.
Now we need to find this particular entry:
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\services\dnscrypt-proxy\Parameters
It’s fairly straightforward to get to, just click through as if they were regular folders. You might need to create the Parameters key – if so, just right-click in the dnscrypt-proxy entry, choose New–>Key, and name it “Parameters”.
After this we set up the actual options for the proxy by creating subkeys as you can see in this screenshot:
For each subkey, right-click and choose New–>String Value and type in the name of the setting. Then double-click the new subkey and type in the desired value. Here are the settings I used:
LocalAddress 127.0.0.1
ProviderKey 1971:7C1A:C550:6C09:F09B:ACB1:1AF7:C349:6425:2676:247F:B738:1C5A:243A:C1CC:89F4
ProviderName 2.dnscrypt-cert.cloudns.com.au
ResolverAddress 113.20.6.2:443
5. Change your connection settings
These are the basic settings we need. Now we can close the registry editor and change the network settings in Windows to use the IP address we specified in the registry (which in this case is 127.0.0.1).
You can click for a bigger image.
Basically, just follow my MS-Paint guide above to set your DNS server to be your new proxy. The alternate DNS server can be whatever other DNS server you want to fall back on. I use one from the OpenNIC project. After you’re done, restart your computer and flush your DNS cache by opening a command line like we did earlier (it’s easiest to just Shift+right-click on the desktop) and type the command:
ipconfig /flushdns
Now you should be ready to go! If you want to test that everything is working, type this at the command line:
nslookup google.com
The output should look something like this:
If you run into any problems, leave a comment or send me a message!
26 thoughts on “Getting Started With DNSCrypt On Windows”
Hi, thanks for the post. Great info. I have one question what is the difference between dnscrypt-proxy-win32-full-1.3.3.zip and dnscrypt-proxy-win32-1.3.3.zip installation packages? thanks
I believe the ‘full’ package includes the source code and some extra plugin files. The source is obviously there for compiling it yourself, but I’m not familiar with what the plugins do exactly.
This works for device that access internet via wi-fi, right? I use DNSCrypt to unblock websites and it worked perfectly. It’s still working on my computer, but not anymore on my cellphone. It worked before, just suddenly blocked again. What should I do?
It doesn’t matter if it’s wired or wireless, so something else must have changed. Either DNSCrypt is not setup correctly or the blocking mechanism is different now. I’m not familiar with configuring a cellphone to use it, but I would try to check whether the DNS lookups are being done using the proxy with whatever your phone’s equivalent to nslookup is.
That was my fault, I changed the DNS on my iPhone exactly the same as yours, it’s fixed, and now it happens to me AGAIN.
This time I didn’t do anything, but the same websites are blocked again.
Hello, it says “revolver information required ” How do I do this? Thanks!
Hey, it looks like they released a new version of the proxy, so I’m going to need to update the guide. They seem to have made it a lot easier to install, so you should be able to follow the documentation here without any problems.
Edit: Actually, I’m having trouble getting 1.4.0 to work, and other people are too (from what I see on GitHub). I would stick to 1.3.3 for now.
I went ahead and tried again with 1.4.0 when I had more time, and it’s working now. The new installation process is super easy, but I went ahead and put up a quick guide. Let me know if you get it working.
Hi dominustemporis, your guide is wonderfull but,at point three, when I try to install the service with command “dnscript-proxy.exe –install” windows 8.1 tells me this: ERROR unable to install the service!!! why???
waiting your answer….thanks….
The error message is pretty generic, but my first guess would be that you might need to run the command with an elevated command prompt. On Windows 8.1, you should be able to press the Windows key + the X key and select “Windows Command Prompt (Admin)” or something along those lines. Alternatively, you can search for “cmd.exe” in the start menu and run it as Administrator from there.
hi
how can cross from filtering ichange DNS but it not worked pls help me
Hey, I’m not sure I understand the question. Are you running into a particular error message?
seems to work OK, my only issue is I have a VPN Router with DD wrt. The test it shows my Server and IP instead of the host 127 ? my server address does not get out as that is masked by the VPN .The 3rd and forth line are similar to your test. The dns leak test shows the chosen resolver from nslookup as do the dns leak tests Should i be concerned is some thing a miss/
turns out, the local area connection was only on part. The other was the wireless network connection to the router also needed to be changed to 127.0 once i changed the wireless connection, came up as in your instructions. thanks for the great instructions.
I’m glad you figured it out! Let me know if you run into anything else.
Hi. just wondering as your using a alternate dns if you can setup that up through dnscrypt also? is there a a way of testing your dns requests are encrypted, and ive read theres a fallback option to a unsecured dns without the user even knowing about it, does this option exist in dnscrypt so it can be turned off?
thanks
DNSCrypt doesn’t support adding an alternate DNS server, although that would be a nice feature to have. You might be able to run a second instance of the proxy on another address/port, but I haven’t played with that.
If you set the dnscrypt-proxy address as your only resolver, then it should not fall back to an unsecured connexion. If you want to test your setup in addition to using nslookup, you could use something like Wireshark to inspect the DNS traffic.
Hello.
I’m sorry for my english .
I tried to install dnscrypt on a PC with DNS setting on the router . When I set the DNS server 127.0.0.1 not I connect to the Internet more . Something wrong ?
Thank you.
I noticed that if instead of entering 127.0.0.1 , I enter 192.168.1.1 ( IP router ) internet works again but I do not know if it works dnscrypt .
Help me please .
It sounds like the DNS server or the proxy is not working. When you enter your router IP, you’re switching to the DNS server it provides (typically from your ISP by default).
When I run Simon Clausens Windows Service Manager it shows the service as Enabled. Excellent and easy to use. However, if I run the dnscrypt-winclient the comand prompt window initially shows the certificate is valid and the proxy service is running fine, but soon thereafter it shows errors – connection reset by the server, or words to that effect.
I have opened port 1194 in my firewall but this did not seem to help.
My question is, when using Simon’s simple gui interface, how do I know if the service is working correctly?
Thanks.
sorry, I should have put the proper error msg above:
[NOTICE] Proxying from 127.0.0.1:53 to 176.56.237.171:443
[WARNING] recvfrom(client): [Connection reset by peer [WSAECONNRESET ]]
I haven’t seen that message in the context of dnscrypt, but it’s generally an indication of a server-side problem. Have you tried connecting to a different DNS provider?
Yes, I have tried every server in the list and they all generate the error. I suspect it is an SSL error but have no idea how to fix it on my side. The problem is, if you install the service you do not see error messages. But if you run it from the Windows GUI then the command box it opens shows the error messages. I suspect many people are running this oblivious of the errors. If I do a Leak Test, it shows the correct server, but does not prove that my dns queries are still encrypted, only that they are being resolved by that server.
The proxy won’t send a query without encrypting it, so as long as it’s the only resolver configured on your computer you should be fine.
Edit: Have you seen this issue on Github? It looks like it could be similar.
I need some help. After selecting OpenDNS, the register key acess failed
this is the error message “HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\currentControlSet\Services\dnscrypt-proxy\Paramètre”KarylinWrite a message
Information
- Cities:
- Age:
- 47
- Eyes:
- Amber
- Hair:
- Long natural
- Piercing:
- No
- Tattoo:
- Yes
- Bust:
- No
- Cup size:
- 34
- Bust:
- E
- Seeking:
- Want Fuck Contacts
- Status:
- Not important
- Relation Type:
- Asian Bbw Looking For Ltr?
About
I am thinking of escorts in johannesburg east pay for a blowjob a ride up there after work today. Similar raids were conducted at massage parlors in Plaistow, Salem and Londonderry, as well as Haverhill, Mass. There was no young escort weston super mare that anything other than hand enjoyment was available, but I did not seek out or expect anything more based on my earlier encounters. This saves many sex workers and clients from humiliation, because they do not need to be on the streets. I tried to go to Rose on Manning but when I walked in a woman came out of a room and very quietly told me to come back in thirty minutes. And the Plaistow property at nashua escorts asian Westville Road.
Description
Had a great time with.
Nashua escorts asian I Look For Nsa Partners
Nice slow escotrs and she slowed down a bit if asked. Maui, Hawaii. Think he's talking about the place where Lala is at, much closer than vt. Anyone hear when Lala is coming back? Don't know if this is a strict escort listings long island place or just no offerings of any sorts.
Levenshulme The rape of a year-old girl nashuz a south Manchester park was the start of a gang's 'relentless' Facebook grooming campaign - now four men have been tranny escorts in new bedford 'No words can explain what I was put through,' one victim said. During the massage she started talking Korean to another woman outside of the room and I asked if I could meet her. Western IL, Illinois.
Yes, she will get screwed on the tip every now and then, but there is no quid pro quo for her live escorts norfolk get hashua on. She was great. And driving home, they advertise on billboards. I did.
Lucy was the girl behind the door. I left a few minutes over the high end escorts melbourne asian escort adult personals in ponchatoula la. Was the worst. Clinical Service Craniosacral Therapy, Cupping Therapy, Instrument Assisted Wsian Clinical Massage incorporates advanced medical training and specialized tools to work out problem areas that therapists are otherwise unable to address and resolve.
Maybe I paid a bit much but hope I nasgua get more soon. Thomas Cook Mancunian newly-weds 'devastated' after Maldives honeymoon cancelled due topless goulburn models Thomas Cook collapse 'We wanted to go to Maldives as it's paradise and we're looking to plan for children soon, so we wanted to tick it off our bucket list, before we couldn't'.
Thanks Rac. On the one hand, there are adult stores tending toward qt personals product lines. I asked for a table shower but she said it was broken so whatever.
Toggle Toggle User. Super nice tits gets fucked. India willingly suck and ride an old cock.
Most prostitutes escorts sunshine the drug users who sell sex on the streets advertise online these days. Safe, shower, service. Upsell, upsell, upsell!
These days you can find fun for adults in almost every American city. Escort redflags erotic adult services on skip the games and she is the blond with 1 pic ad says sensual massage. I said nevermind and asked her to just finish the massage.
Pretty sure I posted on this few weeks ago. Unless its somebody using her photos, that's Jaime from Manchester. Most swingers and sexclubs in the U. No portion providence escort the site may shanghai nuru massage erotic foot massage copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of Imgate sro.
You can also send us a story tip using the form here. Oh what memories all that money. PM would be better. Brothels in Manchester New Hampshire are illegal.
I wonder if the Chinese food place mentioned has take. To download our app to get all the latest news visit here. Madison, Wisconsin.
Check of density of electrolyte
Replacement of the rechargeable battery
The rechargeable battery is located in the right back corner of a motor compartment. For removal of the rechargeable battery on models since 2001 of release previously remove a cowl.
It is necessary to work with the rechargeable battery in goggles. Electrolyte is very aggressive. Do not allow hit of drops of acid and the particles containing compounds of lead in eyes, on skin or on clothes at all.
At charging of rechargeable batteries explosive mix of gases is emitted. During the work with wires and electric devices use of fire, the sparking devices opened by fire-dangerous light devices and smoking is forbidden. Avoid emergence of sparking at the address with wires and electric devices.
Before carrying out any works on system of electric equipment of the car disconnect a "minus" wire from the rechargeable battery.By Casey Schumacher, Texas Collection graduate assistant and museum studies graduate student
Did you know that The Texas Collection has more than 20 collections documenting the Central Texas Jewish community? We recently completed processing of the Rodef Sholom Sisterhood records, and in honor of Women’s History Month, we thought we would spotlight this organization that has played a major role in the growth of McLennan County’s oldest and largest Jewish congregation.
As early as the 1850s, Jewish settlers came to the Waco area but had no organized congregation to celebrate festivals, holy days or worship services. After the International Order of B’nai B’rith established Eureka Lodge No. 198 in 1873, forty families in the Waco area formed the Rodef Sholom congregation and began raising funds for the construction of a synagogue. Usually, when we think of early leaders of Temple Rodef Sholom, we think of Sam Sanger, Isaac A. Goldstein and Louey Migel. However, construction of the synagogue was a congregational effort, and the Jewish women of Waco certainly played their part.
In 1879, the Rodef Sholom Ladies’ Hebrew Society (LHS) decided to host a ball to raise funds for the new synagogue. The ball was a great success and thanks in part to the LHS, the first synagogue was dedicated in 1881. The LHS was not finished with their work, however. They continued to support the growth of the congregation and raise money for congregational events. In 1922, the women of the LHS joined the National Federation of Temple Sisterhoods and changed their name to the Temple Rodef Sholom Sisterhood.
The construction of the first temple clearly demonstrates how women played an important role in the early history of Rodef Sholom. The Temple has constructed two other synagogues since the LHS held their ball, and the women of the temple have been consistently involved. Today, the Sisterhood’s primary mission lies in organizing cultural programs for the congregation and supporting the temple’s Religious School. Obviously, the commitment of Rodef Sholom women has not wavered over the years.
The Temple Rodef Sholom Sisterhood records at The Texas Collection consist primarily of the Sisterhood’s membership, financial and publicity records from 1960-1990, although there are records from as early as 1919 and as late as 2005.法王新闻 | 2009年01月
地點：印度 菩提加耶
時間：2009年01月14日 January，法王首先說，我們等一下先給「菩薩戒」。法王傳授「菩薩戒」
法王說，「菩薩戒」有各種不同的儀軌，我覺得最殊勝的是《入菩薩行論》中的偈頌。要得戒，首先要發菩提心，藉著「七重因果教授」知母、念恩等等，以及「自他交換法」生起慈心、悲心、菩提心，感知眾生的苦樂，以生起誓願救度有情出離輪迴的強烈動機，生起願、行菩提心。而且，我們不只要對受苦眾生生起慈悲心，不僅對情世間，對器世間的大自然、樹木，也都應生起慈悲心，對因為濫墾濫伐造成的破壞，對何者應做、何者不應做要有個抉擇。
一旦發了菩提心之後，為了實踐願菩提心，我願付諸行動，行持行菩提心，「這是個誓言，為此，我願次第行持六度波羅蜜，永不放棄」。
發心受「菩薩戒」利益很大，它的功德如果有色相，則充遍虛空，即使在睡眠中，也會不斷增長，這是經典清楚提到的。盡一切虛空處，只要有眾生的地方，就有煩惱，只要有煩惱的地方，就有我慈悲的對象。將如母眾生放進心中，菩提心自然遍滿一切，功德也自然遍滿一切。
法王說：「因為我對藏文的我執，我們先念藏文三次。」大眾隨法王以藏文念頌《入菩薩行論》菩提心戒文三次──
直至菩提藏，皈命諸佛前，法及菩薩眾，如是亦皈依。
如昔諸善逝，先發菩提心，於菩薩學處，悉如是而住。
如是為利生，我發菩提心，復於諸學處，次第勤修學。
「要思維已得戒」，法王為令大家了解意思，再帶領大眾念頌英文版三次。
得到菩提心戒是非常難得的，要生起歡喜心，如同寶珠在心，要不斷憶持如意寶珠般的菩提心而生歡喜，這是很重要的。「我念歡喜文，你們來感受歡喜。」.金剛薩埵及上師相應法
接下來，「四不共加行」部分，我們主要是要講「金剛薩埵」和「上師相應法」。這是以第五世夏瑪巴仁波切所著的法本為依據所作的法本。修持金剛薩埵主要在淨除罪障──
自身頂處蓮月座墊上，
上師金剛薩埵白端嚴，
一面二臂右持金剛杵，
左手持鈴雙足跏趺坐。:
法王此處提示，「若具四力而修，罪障確可淨除」。這四力是：
一 依止力：向上依止佛菩薩，向下依止眾生。
二 對治力：以善行為對治法，以此法門能對治煩惱。
三 出罪力：發露己罪的懺悔力。
四 誓不再犯力。
1. The power of the support
2. The power of relying on the antidote
3. The power of repenting the negative deeds
4. The power of resolving not to repeat the negative deeds
先念「皈依發菩提心」，然後觀想與上師無別的本尊金剛薩埵，於行者自身頂上，因強力祈請而示現。「清晰觀想本尊心間月輪上『吽』字，周邊有百字明咒咒縵圍繞，甘露續流由本尊身右足拇指降淋，由自行者頂梵穴而進入自身，將心投入於觀想一切罪障如污墨、如煙汁般形象流出，全身充滿甘露瓊霖。」接著，觀想全身透明，罪障清淨。這裡可以針對特定的煩惱，或要懺悔的破戒、違犯等等，觀想淨除，並恢復戒律。.
法王此處特別再針對「四力」的三、四兩力加以解說──
出罪力：就是後悔心，於過去罪業只要有一念後悔心，就如同膿包切開，不會再造成傷害。
誓不再犯力：有了後悔心，如果沒有具有誓不再犯力、未來絕不再犯的強烈發心，則不易完全淨除。要有未來即使犧牲生命我都不再犯的決心，如此才能根除清淨。至於會不會再犯，就看後悔的心強不強烈。
接著，法王提醒，如果有破戒障礙，可藉此淨除，因為戒律非常重要，如果違犯戒律，再有覺受也沒用；而如果今生持戒清淨，即使因未修持而未證預流果，來世只要聽聞一句佛法偈頌，就能立證見道位。而在密乘，只要不犯三昧耶戒，雖然今生沒做什麼修持，也能在八世最多十六世之內成佛。「違背誓言，對自己打擊是很大的」，因此要透過此法，淨除破戒的罪障，恢復此戒。
法王再次提醒，修持金剛薩埵「觀想本尊清楚很好，但如果能具備四力而懺悔是更好的」。.上師相應法
接著，法王說，時間到了，那就沒辦法說「上師相應法」了。台下學生整齊的輕聲喊「Please!」「Please!」，法王笑著說：「stop!」接著又開玩笑地改了一個咒語說「Om stop Soha!」，好吧，大家撒嬌成功，法王繼續說「上師相應法」。
在說「上師相應法」之前，法王先提醒，「四不共加行」他說可以改一千次的只有「大禮拜」，其他的都要如傳統做滿十萬遍，金剛薩埵主要計數的是百字明咒長咒，「大禮拜如果有人要做十萬遍，我也會很歡喜」。
在「上師相應法」部分，首先是「皈依發心」，「要真正感覺此心與菩提心合而為一，再修上師相應法」。「迅即得入聖化的上師瑜伽有二」，一是不共的那洛六法，一是共的儀軌。
法王說，金剛乘之所以「快速道」，主要源於對上師的信心，「上師相應法」傳統上是要觀上師為持金剛的相貌，也有一種說法是，觀想上師是人的形象，可以迅速獲得加持；但這裡為了消除上師是凡夫的想法，所以要觀上師為「一切之遍主持金剛」，而觀自己為金剛亥母的形象，在了知方便智慧本質是無二一如的確信中，生起顯空不二的金剛亥母相，也就是「一切轉為空性，空性之中生起金剛亥母相，而於行者自身化現的金剛亥母上方，顯現持金剛相之上師」，接著對上師持金剛作「七支供養」。
法王再次解釋此處的觀想要點說，要了解我們一顆心上同時具有方便與智慧無二的本質，但還不是證得，而是「想著一切轉為空性，再從一切是空性的心中，顯現清晰的顯相」，同一念心上，同時具備這兩者（空與明），未來法身色身無二的果位就可同時證得，密乘被稱為「果位乘」、「快速道」的原因就在這裡。
當行者觀想自身為金剛亥母，有兩個要點──
一 觀想要很清楚；
二 要生起佛慢。
法王提醒，觀想要很清晰，「但佛慢別生起太大」，免得接下來要向上師作七支供養，你會想我已經是金剛亥母、已經是本尊了，為什麼要向上師作供養。供養上師時，要強烈的想著上師的功德，向與佛四身無別的上師，作「七支供養」。.
接著，「上師非常歡喜，就放光加持，我們的罪障就淨除了──我們就講完了！」法王快馬加鞭地作了結語，「再不講完，我們石頭都來不及給，要用丟的了」。
法王接著說，各位來自56個國家，我真的很高興，我沒有準備得很好，但見上一面比什麼都重要，希望很快再見到你們，也許是下次祈願法會。
我們這些日子，在祈願法會中，念誦了許多祈願文，我彷彿看到一個景象，看到空氣中，充滿了金色的慈悲祈願的文字，這些慈悲善願把我們聚集在一起，它們也會長久住留在世間。接著，上來領「石頭壇城」的石頭吧，祈願這些石頭成為黑暗中的火炬，這是我的祈願。
最後，在進行完身語意與八吉祥獻供之後，大眾一一上台獻哈達、供養、領取「石頭壇城」的石頭，每個石頭都裝在精緻的小錦盒裡，裡面細心地付了來自何地的小紙條，大家一拿到，無不像對獎一樣好奇打開，看看盒裡充滿加持的小石頭，出身101國的何處……就這樣，以充滿想像力的最後一筆，結束了3天西方弟子課程，也為噶瑪巴半個月來從「華人宗門實修」到「大祈願法會」再到「西方弟子課程」的完整教授，以一顆顆有故事的石頭，畫上詩一樣有餘味的句點。.£18.99 £22.99
The Evening Primrose plant has one of the highest concentrations of Gamma-Linolenic Acid (GLA) of any plant. In our bodies, Linolenic Acid is changed into a... View full product details
Sold Out £16.99
PROVEN RESULTS AND LIMITLESS BENEFITS: Vitamin D3 is ideal for the European weather, as sunlight may not be in good supply. Our vitamin D3 is "Sunlight... View full product details
£13.99 £16.99
Epsilon Multivitamin Mineral Complex Multivitamin is packed with the recommended daily amounts of Vitamins A, C, K1 and other essential minerals including Zinc and Magnesium:... View full product details
Sold Out £33.98
Save 30% with the purchase of our Complete Protection Bundle. The bundle contains: Epsilon Vitamin D3 5000 IU which is ideal for the European weather, as... View full product details
£16.99 £22.99
Magnesium glycinate’s high bioavailability allows the body to absorb it up to six times more efficiently than magnesium oxide. So, you need far less to... View full product details
£17.99 £24.99
Our innovative Vitamin D3 4000IU formula with added elements that support Vitamin D absorption. Vitamin D3 is a fat-soluble vitamin, essential for maintaining a good... View full product details
We believe in supporting the local economy so all of our products are manufactured in the United Kingdom and sold across Europe.
Our manufacturing facility is state-of-the-art and one of the largest and most advanced in Europe.
Our products are the highest reviewed and highest rated on Amazon in Europe. Over 95% of our customers leave 5 star reviews.Find here online price details of companies selling Automatic Stone Crusher Get info of suppliers manufacturers exporters traders of Automatic Stone Crusher for buying in India
China Crusher manufacturers Select 2020 high quality Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Mining Equipment manufacturers Mining Machine suppliers wholesalers and
S P INDUSTRIES Manufacturer amp Exporter of Jaw Crusher based in Kolhapur India Under the brand name of Mahalaxmi Jaw Crushers
View Other Companies Making Related Products No of Results 1 JAIPUR 302013 INDIA Supplier and Manufacturer of Stone Crusher Plant Spare Parts Jaw Plates EOT Crane Gentry Crane Cyclone Conveyor Manufacturer of Jaw Crusher Stone Crushing Plant Mining Machinery Stone Processing Machine
Stone Crusher Jaw Crusher Material Handling Equipments Manufacturer offered by K V Metal Works from Indore Madhya Pradesh India
Aug 25 2016 More Details wwa stonecrushersolution s we will provide a professional answer and quality of services If this video does not meet
Find here online price details of companies selling Jaw Crusher Get info of suppliers manufacturers exporters traders of Jaw Crusher for buying in India
Our company is enlisted amongst the well reputed Jaw Stone Crusher Suppliers in India The unmatched quality and unsurpassable performance in respective
27 ensp 0183 en
View Stone Jaw Crusher details amp specifications from Titan Crushing Machinery Pvt Ltd a leading Manufacturer of Jaw Crusher in Nerul Navi Mumbai Maharashtra The superior features of these products enabled us to have Indian
Industrial Feeders Industrial Crushers Shaft Impactors Manufacturer offered by Almeida Brothers from Mumbai Maharashtra India Know More · Jaw Crushers Vertical Shaft Impactor Grizzly Feeders Vibrating Feeders Primary Stone Crushers Industrial Jaw Crushers Jaw Crusher Spare Parts Vibrating Screen
Maxwell Crushtech is an manufacturer exporter supplier and trader advanced and high performance range of jaw crushers loaders feeders impactors and
EcomanIndia is a professional and leading Cullet Crusher and Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporter amp Supplier in India Visit us Today
Business listings of Jaw Crusher manufacturers suppliers and exporters in Our company offers a fine quality range of Stone and Jaw Crushers which are is enlisted amongst the well reputed Jaw Stone Crusher Suppliers in India
We AMARSHIVA ENGINEERING COMPANY is one of the leading manufacturer Machinery Jaw Crusher Stone Crusher from Hyderabad Telangana India NIGERIA
Feb 13 2016 Zenith Group is a global stone IND Crusher Machine Manufacturer Stone Jaw crusher plant is good cost of stone crusher machine in india
We are manufacturers of Jaw Crushers Cone Crushers Impact Crushers screens Crusher Plants if you are interested in Crusher Plant such as Aggregate Crusher Plant or Mineral Crusher Plant please contact us
The Jaw crushers are being widely used in crushing applications of blasted stone river gravel limestone iron ore ore mining in metallurgical plants and recycling industries
is the biggest crusher manufacturers in India who specialize in producing stone crushers roll crushers ore crushers and are also portable jaw crusher suppliers 5 unit So the Volume of this particle will be 2 X 1 X 0 5 1
Suppliers of Stone Crushing Plant Jaw Crusher Oill amp Grish Specialist in Refractory Machinery Conveyor Roller Bearing Jaw Stone Crusher Send Enquiry Suchitra Engineering Works
Zenith is one of a professional manufacturers in Aggregate Processing Machinery for the sand amp gravel quarry mining construction and recycling industries Equipments include stone crusher jaw crusher mobile crusher for sand ball mill grinding mill complete quarry plant mining and construction
6 products The company manufactures Laboratory Equipment using the INDIA Delhi Supplier of jaw crusher jaw crusher for sale Stone extraction
K V METAL WORKS Eminent manufacturer supplier amp trader of jaw stone crusher jaw plate stone crusher and various other types of jaw crushers in Indore Madhya Pradesh India
Business listings of Stone Crusher manufacturers suppliers and exporters in India along with their contact details amp address Find here Stone Crusher suppliers Jaw Crusher which is widely applied to crush high hardness mid hardness and soft rocks and ores such as more Rs 1 Lakh Piece Stone Crushing Machine
India is a manufacturer supplier and exporter of Industrial Jaw Crushers at the CAPACITY amp POWER CHART OF SAI STONE PRIMARY JAW CRUSHER
Alibaba offers 3800
1363 products Small Diesel Engine Stone Kenya Lab Used Mini Jaw Crusher For Sale Cemen jaw crusher plant machinery manufacturers india price for sale
Rugged field proven designs and almost 200 years of combined jaw crusher manufacturing experience provide the foundation for our ® Minerals
Amarshiva Engineering Company We are one of the best dealers in Jaw Crusher Manufacturer and Cone Crusher Manufacturer and we are professional grinder mill stone crusher manufacturers in India
Price and Manufacturers in India Parts and Mobile Jaw Crusher we can supply you the mobile crushing plant for iron ore in india mobile jaw stone crushing
Top Stone Crusher Equipment Company India About singh crushers singh crushers is one of the leading manufacturer of crushing screening and conveying equipment in india since 1964 we are engaged in designing manufacturing and supplying world class quarry equipment a pioneer right from its
Star trace is a professional jaw crusher manufacturer in India which adopts advanced manufacturing Heavy Duty Stone Crushers Rs 30 Lakh Onwards
Dec 09 2016 0183 32 Jaw Crusher is a manufacturer of Jaw Crusher India Stone crusher manufacturers in india the top 10 crusher manufacturers in india tracked mobile jaw5 Piece Mini Cleansing Cloths With Bag Christmas Pudding
Check out the fun Christmas packaging on this 5 piece mini cleansing cloth set!
Ideal stocking filler
This set includes 5 pink mini cleansing cloths and bag.
Each circular mini cleansing cloth in the perfectly pink pack will remove every inch of make-up using only a splash of water. The specially formulated polyester is dual-sided for both make-up removal and exfoliation so you'll always be fresh-faced and squeaky clean.
The cloths are washable so they can be used time and time again!Listen to your desires! You've got lots of creative ideas.
You want to do more activities with your partner. The Sun in Gemini favors communication. Now's the time to tell your partner what you want.
You need honesty in your love life. You might meet new people through your friends. A friendship/relationship might start to take shape. Enjoy the present moment.
You want to spend time with your partner, but you don't really have much free time. Don't worry, your partner won't hold it against you. Enjoy the time you do have together rather than putting pressure on yourself.
You might be asked to fill in for a colleague on short notice. This is a good opportunity. Stay focused.
Your friends are inciting you to spend more than you should. Don't be surprised if you have to dig into your savings.
You're using a lot of energy from dawn till dusk. Be sure to take breaks.It’s not very often that I receive a postcard these days, when I was younger it was much more common and usually every time a friend or family member would go on holiday you were usually guaranteed a postcard, which normally always arrived when they were back. However, lately, I have received two postcards from a very good friend of mine, the first one is from when she visited Berlin, Germany and the second one is from when she visited Cambridge in London,UK. It really did make my day when I received the postcards and I have decided to pay that forward when I go on holiday – it will be postcards all round. This next poem is inspired by just that, I hope you like it. Wishing you an adventurous day filled with travels to wonderful worldly locations. Lots of love Clarabelle
Postcards from the Heart
Postcards from the heart, travel very far,
Passing from country to country, raising every bar.
Caught up in the wind, making its way to you,
Filled with beautiful energy, inspiring what you do.
And when the postman knocks, to put it in your hand,
It brings with it adventure, from across this wonderful land.
It tells of happy times, memories with a smile,
And now lives in this present moment, bringing love from every travelled mile.
poemsbyclarabelle, 8 October 2012
Please click on the link below if you wish to hear the Poemcast for this blog post, recited by Clarabelle.
PBC Poemcast 3 – Postcards from the HeartNCASE Resource Library
Reset Selections
Topics
- (-) Remove Professional Development filter Professional Development
- (-) Remove School & Community Partnerships filter School & Community Partnerships
- (-)
- Summer Learning (3) Apply Summer Learning)
-.Property Attributes
- MLS#221005646
- TypeCommercial
- CountyFRANKLIN
- CityColumbus
- NeighborhoodSilver Park
- Zip43224
- StyleMultiple Use
- Price$ 6
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage33670
- Lot Size3.37 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Andrew M Whiteman with RE/MAX Achievers
Data Source:
Columbus REALTORS® - 240 - OH
Property Description
Welcome to 3,500 -. This Building Features 3-Phase Power, Air Conditioning, 14'6'' Minimum Clearance, Drive-In Doors, Bathrooms and More! Start or Expand your Business and Enjoy Convenience and Visibility of Silver Park.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThe cage used is generally a floating one and will be attached to the boat without interruption that people are diving. The cage cannot be broken and the sharks don’t try and get inside it. You must book a few days in advance for a shark diving trip to avoid the disappointment of the charter being fully booked. His grandaddy, Robert, Was the adored Algonquin wit. Eventually he Congdon at Doubleday bit, Spending money on $1000 for four chapters, Which Benchley submitted funny to Congdon’s distaste. The jokes were withdrawn, And the details was history, Eventually.. Another name for Rapid Refund is Refund targets Loans or RAL. Assuming you are using a Rapid Refund tax best man agency, It is very standard to be asked try some fine Rapid Refund. So automatic is this pattern that all of those other sentence is often not even needed included just simply, "Rapid reimbursement,. Hagerman Fossil Beds National MonumentConsidered very valuable fossil beds, Active completeness of fossils found,
James McCann Jersey, The Hagerman horse quarry area was once a large fresh water lake(Water Idaho) Where animals congregated for water and food. Study of fossil evidence indicates the climate and vegetation evolved from a warm, Humid region to a high desert level of skill. Countrywide Park Service.
Fossils are remains of ancient life is often over 10,000 years old and have been preserved in our planet’s crust usually mineralized bones, Pearly white’s, Or covers. If you want fossil collecting, Arkansas is an ideal hunting ground. In line with the Rockhounding Arkansas website, Fossils can be found in sedimentary rock and deposits; These options, Dating in Late Precambriam Era to the Recent Era, Underlie 99 percent of nys. All can accomplish that. You all can be the Next Great systems. You will, Dare i only say it, Customize the World. C of the vests were sold,
Justin Turner jersey, The test may well expanded. Walmart also stipulated that through choose the stores, And that the retailer would try to get the vests in stores by the end of November or first week of December. 100 percent of the trying to sell expense would be borne by Vestpakz. Typically all these two are inseparable nay, Precise. Because of this,, Harm to this business equals harm to the sole proprietor. If a sole vendor is seeking a way out through bankruptcy, She must declare quite bankruptcy.
Stairway,
Yasiel Puig jersey Cheap, Conversely, Are banging stairs. You’re lucky to make a handrail, And if there will be something spilled on them, You’re not focus, You’re wanting run down them too fast or you’re moronically seeking to slide down the banister,, You’re gonna fall right to the bottom, And will probably hurt pretty bad. And God help you if Bruce Willis rides you down a set of stair like you’re sled. 15 teams you are a series where they had a 3 1 lead. Birkenstock celtics, Calgary, Edmonton, Facilities(As mn,) The ranger, E. Louis, Higher toronto, And calgary have each done it once. Animals of every size live in oceans. The clown anemonefish is a type of fish that lives in the ocean. It is orange with yellow stripes and can found managing anemone. Unfold across 100 acres, The region features excellent topographical features, Regarding ocean coves, The Del Monte Forest and coast bluffs. The primary spots also includes tide pools, A native plant garden techniques and 25 acres of sand dunes. Explore the best place via the beach’s one mile walking trail..Wear the past in the present for the future
JAWI, Puspa Diana, MASLI, Japri Bujang and ADENAN, Muhammad Annwar (2018) Wear the past in the present for the future. Paper presented at: IFLA WLIC 2018 – Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia – Transform Libraries, Transform Societies in Session 142 - New Professionals SIG, Management of Library Associations and Public Libraries.
Bookmark or cite this item:
Language: English (Original)
Available under licence Creative Commons Attribution.
Bookmark or cite this item:7373 Beechmont Ave, Suite 101 Cincinnati, Ohio 45230
Coverage Area: Ohio,
Office Phone: (513) 624-3030
Mobile Phone: (513) 703-6489
As a 25 year professional in Mortgage Lending, I have been ranked in the top 1% of originators in the country for the past 18 years by the Scotsman Guide and Mortgage Executive Magazine. I graduated from Miami of Ohio with an accounting major and currently live in Cincinnati with my wife, Patricia and our 2 dogs.
For most people, purchasing a home is the largest investment that they will make. With much at stake in the financing aspect, clients appreciate the experience, honesty, and customer care that I offer. I work to keep my clients informed on a continuous basis with to rate changes and opportunities to fit their specific lending needs.
I do much more than originate and close loans. I help my clients manage their home financing through product knowledge with their best interest in mind. My.
My Specialties include: Investment Lending and Owner Occupied Lending, new home purchases, home refinancing, new construction loans, renovation loans, FHA, VA, UDSA, conventional financing and more!
- Team Members
Mortgage Loan Assistants
Damon Grunenberg
Justin Berry
Jennifer Ingala
Kiel O'Connor
Erica Sweeney
Scott Gilbert
- Community InvolvementMiracle Field for special needs Children.
"Turning Point is an excellent documentary that gives us an inside look at the doctors, scientists, and patients who are working to uncover the mysteries of Alzheimer’s disease through clinical trials. Their determination, even in the face of setbacks, can be an inspiration to everyone affected by this devastating disease and should give us all hope that these trials are bringing us closer to a treatment. Everybody should see this film.”
- Bill Gates
Participate in a clinical trial near you.
Help find a cure for Alzheimer's.
Studies show that a 45-minute brisk walk 3x per week can improve brain health.
Help mobilize awareness and raise funds for your organization or community.
Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson, noted astrophysicist, author and science communicator gives insights into the nature of the scientific endeavor.
Dr. Reisa Sperling of Harvard Medical School leads a discussion with students and colleagues regarding which is more complex – the brain or the universe.
Animation showing how the new drug, Solanezumab would potentially bind to and remove amyloid plaque – a protein buildup seen in patients with Alzheimer’s disease.
Diagram of the players in the US drug pricing chain, as Commentators try to explain why the cost of prescription medicines can be so high as to be unaffordable to many members of the public.
Pasquale Rocchio and his wife/caregiver Sharon are participating in a clinical trial for a potential breakthrough Alzheimer’s drug.
Dr. Harald Hampel reviews different CT scans.
A brain scan using computed tomography (CT) is generally used in the standard evaluation for Alzheimer’s disease.
Auguste Deter was a 56 year-old German woman notable for being the first person diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease by Dr. Alois Alzheimer in 1901.
Dr. Ron DeMattos poses with his son, who sees a connection between research scientists being superheroes. Ron is a Chief Scientific Officer of Neurobiologicals at Eli Lilly and Company.
Dr. Pat May, former Research Fellow in Neuroscience Discovery at Eli Lilly and Company. Dr. May worked to find a cure for Alzheimer’s disease for over 20 years. He retired in 2014.
Phyllis Ferrell, Alzheimer’s Disease Platform Team Leader at Eli Lilly and Company speaks about the experience of being on the cusp of a significant therapeutic breakthrough..
CBS 8 - SAN DIEGO
9/24/2019.Altmetric has tracked 5,557,318 research outputs across all sources so far. This one is in the 33rd percentile – i.e., 33% of other outputs scored the same or lower than it.
So far Altmetric has tracked 212 research outputs from this source. They receive a mean Attention Score of 3 194,343.Search results
Your search was for date of birth 1840-1849, occupation minister and courses starting 1840-1849courses ending 1840-1849. One document was found.Showing all documents.
- Filters:
- Year of Death
- 1. Hunter, John (1841-1904)
- Student United College 1844-1845 Lat. 1; Hist. Civ. 1845-1846 Gk. 2; Math. 1; Log. 1846-1847 Ethics 1847-1848 Math. 3; Physics; Sens. Phil. Gray prize, 1846.More than a dozen games, including the first preseason game of the 2017 season, will be televised on NBC Sports Network on Monday nights, with games airing in the middle of the night.
The network has not announced the times for the preseason games, but ESPN said the NFL will televise the first four preseason games on Sunday at 11 p.m.
ET.
The network has yet to release the schedule for the regular season, but the NFL is expected to announce the final preseason schedule in the coming weeks.Monalisa Chinda Coker – Breaking New Grounds In Showbiz And Finding Love Again
By Pamela Echemunor
Monalisa Chinda Coker
Three years ago, actress and TV show host, Monalisa Chinda -Cole put her acting career on temporary standstill to produce and host her own TV show called “You and I”. The show focuses on pop culture, entrepreneurs who are doing well, and other human relatable stories geared towards inspiring young people to achieving their dreams. Since its inception she has featured people from all sectors in the Nigerian economy and public life; the actress cum producer also tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in Greece a year ago. In this interview, she sheds more light on her show, family and finding love again.
It’s been a year now since you remarried, how does it feel?
It has been blissful, it feels great, and we are learning and experiencing
untold Grace.
What challenges did you face being a single mum especially with work?
Thankfully I am blessed with the ability to multi task. With the
nature of my work, every move was usually planned, with my very tight
schedules, joggling from school runs to helping out on her home works
and making sure the house is stock with food, she never lacked. Having
said that, Tamar was not a difficult child, she was very cooperative.
How do you manage the pressure raising your daughter especially being a celebrity and a woman in Nigeria?
Like I mentioned earlier my daughter is cooperative so I try as much as possible to balance my time with her with my lifestyle as well.
What was it like taking the bold decision to tell your daughter about the new man in your life?
Oh well, that came out of my mouth naturally. ‘Mummy is getting
married soon” I announced, she looked at me and jumped on me with
excitement. She had always longed for a father figure, someone she
could trust enough to call daddy, and as long as ‘daddy’ made mummy
happy, she was good to go. That was all that mattered to her.
How was their first meeting?
Their first meeting hmmm, I must say their meeting wasn’t planned they had been communicating with each other on the phone and when they finally met it was so divine, so natural. They bonded
immediately.
What is your relationship with your ex husband like?
The relationship with my ex is nonexistent, ex means past, that’s where it belongs in the past.
How did your daughter cope with you being separated from your ex husband?
Cope? She has no clue as to who her dad is, I mean at 18 months when we went our separate ways, what does she know?
Would you say she has a good relationship with your new husband?
You had your white wedding in Greece that was very romantic, whose idea was it and how did it go?
Santorini, Greece was my idea. Alas my dream came true! Santorini is breath taking I had no idea how beautiful and laid back it was. The mosaic structures, the ancient houses, the red beaches and
black beaches, the mountains, the sea oh my word! It was an amazing experience. I want to go back there!!Greece is the home of theatre and entertainment. The first Thespian was said to have originated from Greece.
Should we be expecting the pitty patter of little feet soon?
By his grace, the bible says that “There is no man barren in my land and he will make everything
beautiful in his own time”.
Monalisa Chinda Coker
Tell us about your show “You and I”.
You and I with Monalisa is a revolutionary half an hour talk show that uses the vehicle of drama, to highlight social and socio-economic issues that affect people. A first of its kind, the show combines
drama, pop culture, entrepreneurs who are doing well and general human relatable stories. You and I debuted on African Independent Television (AIT) on 2nd August, 2015 and has improved immensely with great content.
Did you have any difficulty sustaining the show in the beginning?
Like most businesses here in Nigeria, the beginning is usually a challenge judging from all factors. Mine is no different, from outsourcing the studio, the guests, the funds, committed man power, the audience, the look and feel of the show proper all wanted to drive me mad. But I was able to pull through it all because I had my eyes on the prize. I remained determined, dogged and focused. I switched on my research mode and brought in my A game in presenting to sum it all up, I am still learning and there would be no end to learning.
The third season just started airing, how do you feel and what should we expect?
The third season kicked off precisely on the 7th of April 2017. This season is themed made in Nigeria and its desire is to host an inspiring list of influential entrepreneurs and silent achievers sharing their soul-enriching stories exclusively. It is time we realize entrepreneurship is not just a means to earn an income; it is also a higher call to serve major problems.
You are glowing, would you say it has something to do with being newlywed?
Why do people tie a glowing woman who’s newly married to the marriage? A glowing woman is a glowing woman married or not (laughs) ,as long as she’s eating right and exercising and above all realizing that her hope is built on nothing other than the love of GOD. Jesus is the author and finisher of my faith simple.
What advice would you give single mums out there who hope to someday meet someone special?
I would say remain focused and steadfast the right man will come. I have realized that when a woman is crazily involved with her work or career she attracts her kind. When I was single I was a very busy mum my time was so
occupied my daughter and my career was what I lived for. In between my very tight schedules I got distracted at some point and that nearly cost me my good name and my career. And I vowed never again .So I maintained status quo.
Who is your style crush?
Oh well (thinks) I really don’t know, that would be me! (Laughs)
What is your beauty regimen like?
It’s actually very simple, firstly I have an amazing skin all to the glory of God, secondly I have maintained and used same products for over 17 years and they keep improving, finally I wash my face every morning and must wash off my make up before I go to sleep. I do a lot of juicing these days and that has also helped in tightening my skin elasticity and the glow is unending, I also make sure I sweat out the day’s hustle either on a tread mill or get my very mean trainer to work me
out.
What is your philosophy on life?
My philosophy is do not let the disappointment of yesterday deter your better tomorrow. Forge on as long as your goal in life is towards positivity then nothing should stop you. You must touch lives and you must be loving and giving.
What is most important to you, body or face?
Both are very important, one can’t do without the other, but if I must choose then I would say my body.
What is the one thing that turns you off when you meet someone for the first time?
Bad breath and body odour,they’re just the worst.
If you were given a choice between shoes or dresses which would you choose and why?
I would choose shoes any day because they’re the best accessory ever!
What would you go for money or character?
Character definitely
What attracted you to your new husband?
New husband (Laughs)? My husband is not new he’s been there. I wasn’t just available for him then. (Laughs) And to answer your question, his Character attracted me.
If given the choice would you prefer to stay in Nigeria or relocate?
I will never relocate for any reason.
What is the one thing you wouldn’t do on your show?
(Laughs) There are a lot of things I wouldn’t do, shows always get better with time and new crazy ideas come up, changes takes centre stage so all I can say is keep watching.
What impact do you think your show has made since you first aired it?
My show has gradually crept into the hearts of my viewers and that alone just gives me joy and motivates me to want to do more. The young people are now getting more and more in tune with the content, there’s so much to learn from, inspiring stories and above all the entertainment is to die for. I give God all the glory.Urban Harvest Farmers Market: Mark Saturday mornings on your calendar
Saturday mornings at the Urban Harvest Farmers Market on Westheimer and Alabama offer homemade dumplings, fresh-cut flowers, and butter-whipped chocolate croissants, among many other treats.
Bright and early at 7AM, my little eight-year-old self was pouncing on my father as he read the newspaper on our brown pleated coach while he lovingly stroked our pet dog- Charcoal. No sooner did Charcoal greet me with sloppy licks, I call kisses, my dad, Charcoal, and I were strapped into our red suburban jeep on our way to the Farmers Market. As we exited our car and crossed over the threshold of my favorite part of the week, I could already hear the sweet harmonies of Mrs. Jenny’s wind chimes and the burnt smell of cinnamon, as coffees were handed out to the waiting public. As we neared the end left corner of the market, I could see Sarah Lee’s flower booth that we bought peonies from and brought home to my step-mom. We soon danced around the produce section, picking up some veggies as we said hello to our neighbor, who happened to be one of the vendors selling produce as well. As our morning came to an end, I could still smell the sharp scent of paprika as the Indian booth closed down for the day and wrapped up the Masala they sold minutes earlier.
Saturday mornings for most usually included extended time in bed and rest for the week behind them. For myself and my dad, Saturday mornings turned into an adventure and a way to connect to each other. Urban Harvest Farmers Market rekindled the spark between my dad and me as the farmers market I grew up worshipping closed down when I was around twelve years old, and closed a period of time I had with my father.
Urban Harvest Farmers Market of Houston was founded in 1994. The market was initially created because of the lack of locally grown produce. The market was established in response to this issue and generated a market of sustainably grown and local produce for the Houston metropolitan area. The farmers market also brought together the community of Houston through vendors, sellers, buyers, and citizens. This treasure sits on the corner of Westheimer and West Alabama, close to St. Johns. The market, whether rain or shine, opens its imaginary doors every Saturday morning from eight to twelve.
I rounded the path into the Market and once again could hear the chatter of vendors and the smell of freshly brewed coffee with a hint of the butter-whipped chocolate croissant that seemed to be calling my name. Like I once did when I was little, I immediately made a b-line towards the drinks area, which was nicely situated in the middle of the chaos and drew those into the Market closer, and ordered myself a hot chocolate. There were at least four different pastry and drink vendors all lined up in a row, but I chose the one with the shortest line which happened to be the only one supplying hot chocolate. As I sipped on the hot beverage, some would say it is absurd to be drinking in the humid and scorching temperatures of Houston in the summer, my eyes drifted to the sea of smiles and laughs shared upon the Market.
I noticed the prepared foods, drinks, and food trucks all lined up on the right side of the Market’s entrance, and the zig zag nature that the rest of the market followed. I could see the backs of the flower booths and the fronts of the freshly picked produce section directly across from me. I wandered over to the end of the market, where there were artisanal soaps and paintings. My eyes caught the ones of an old lady named Ms. Nguyen. She did not have a booth, but rather a plastic chair and table, where she lined up the produce she grew at home. Although I only purchased two melons from her, she insisted that I take some extra tomatoes, free of charge. Ms. Nguyen’s kindness only elevated my already joyous nature for the market.
My feet dragged themselves to one of the three flower booths of the Market, and my nose easily caught onto the freshly picked smell of sunflowers wafting through the air. I secured a bunch of sunflowers in my hand, and swiftly steered myself to the produce section lined on the back right corner of the Market. I picked up some vegetables I knew my mom needed for her bolognese she would make later that day, and also found myself buying a basket of peaches to soothe my craving for the sweet fruit. I easily made my way back to the front of the Market where I couldn’t help but give in and purchase some homemade dumplings in the booth across from me. The dumplings, as well as the not needed, but extra helping of noodles, helped boost my energy from previously escorting myself around what couldn’t be more than a half a parking lot radius of room.
Now my filled to the brim tote bag and satisfied stomach glanced back at the whole of the Market as I walked along the path back to the concrete lot I parked in earlier. My hands found themselves dialing my dad and boasting to him about the amazing time I had at the Urban Harvest Farmers Market. No sooner did I mention the dumplings, my father was ready to block off eight to twelve AM on Saturdays for the foreseeable future in order for us to come to the Market together as we did all those years ago.
That’s how I found myself rushing my dad, new dog- Boston, and myself into my black Toyota Corolla, on our way to the Farmers Market. Urban Harvest, although didn’t have the exact hint of cinnamon or Mrs. Jenny’s booth, still rekindled the relationship between my father and I, and gave me a new reason to want to wake up early on a Saturday morning.
Most people call me Izzie! I am a junior and love to listen to podcasts. ;)Bank Name: Wells Fargo Bank Encinitas
Branch Name: Encinitas
Phone Number: 760-634-6400
Routing: 121042882
Office Address: 276a North El Camino Real, Encinitas, CA 92024
Service Type: Full Service Office
Zip Code: 92024 of Encinit.
Encinitas Branch Office Details
Wells Fargo Bank Encinitas branch is one of the 5318 Offices in 37 states offices of the bank and has been serving the financial needs of their customers in Encinitas, California, California since 1934. Encinitas office is located at 899 California, Encinitas. You can also contact the bank by calling the branch phone number at 760-634-6400
Wells Fargo Bank Encinit: Encinitas
Bank Type: National Bank
Insurance Code: Certificate #3511
Branch Count: 5318 Offices in 37 states
Visit Official Website: Wells Fargo BankRep. Steve Knight, challenger Katie Hill spar over special interest money in Simi debate
U.S. Rep. Steve Knight and challenger Katie Hill sparred over the influence of special interest groups, Social Security and the cleanup of the contaminated Santa Susana Field Lab during a mostly civil debate Thursday night in Simi Valley.
The forum in the hotly contested 25th Congressional District race, which observers say could help determine which party controls the House, brought nearly 400 people to Santa Susana High School. The crowd was well behaved during the debate organized by the League of Women Voters of Ventura County, though some couldn't restrain themselves from the occasional cheer or jeer.
More coverage of the race:
- Katie Hill builds $3 million fund-raising gap over incumbent Steve Knight
- Knight, Hill look for a bump in one of the nation's hottest congressional races
- Bloomberg PAC pours money into Hill's bid to unseat Knight
Knight, a 51-year-old Republican from Palmdale, hammered home the experience gained during two terms in Congress and a political career that included service in the state Assembly and Senate.
That time in government has brought the ability to impact issues that most affect a district that stretches from Lancaster to Simi Valley, he said.
Hill, a Democrat, forged a plus-$3 million fundraising advantage through September in her first run for public office. She presented herself as a candidate who will help regain control over government where money brings too much influence.
“Our voices are not being heard, and that has to change,” she said.
Sparks flew as Hill repeatedly accused the incumbent of being influenced by campaign money taken from powerful corporations. When asked about the need to clean up the Santa Susana Field Lab site, she said Knight has accepted contributions from Boeing. The company now owns most of the 2,850-acre site that was involved in a partial nuclear meltdown in 1959.
In a discussion on climate change, she said Knight has taken money from Halliburton and Exxon Mobil, also asserting she has not taken any corporate contributions.
Knight responded by noting that candidates are barred from taking money directly from corporations. Hill said money given to Knight comes through political action committees.
“Don’t let him confuse you or lie to you,” she said, the words drawing "oohs" from her supporters and jeers from Knight followers. Knight said much of Hill's money comes from the Swing Left organization and suggested those funds bring influence.
Hill, in one of the few direct exchanges between candidates, said the Swing Left money is comprised of masses of donations from individual supporters, not corporations.
MORE:Trump to send at least 800 troops to border ahead of migrant caravan
Knight defended his record. He said he makes decisions on environmental issues and the cleanup of buildings contaminated with radioactivity based on need and nothing else.
He said his political career is built on identifying community needs and working to solve them, often reaching across the aisle in the process. He cited bills aimed at fighting the opioid epidemic and a health initiative that brings urgent care to veterans rather than forcing them to drive to far-away clinics.
“I am a mission solver,” he said.
He argued against comprehensive immigration reform, suggesting the best way to enact policy change is doing it in smaller pieces.
“You have to have a slim bill that you can get through Congress,” he said, arguing that no legislative progress on immigration was made during President Barack Obama’s two terms in office.
“We were a little busy working on health care reform,” Hill said. She later expressed her support for border security but said that can be achieved without splitting apart families.
At times, the debate evoked stories. After explaining that she supports abortion rights, Hill told the audience she became pregnant when she was 18 and went through a miscarriage.
Knight said he is opposed to abortion. He talked about visiting the neonatal intensive care unit where his wife works and seeing babies so small they can fit in the palm of a hand.
Hill said the Republican tax reform greatly benefited the wealthy and made life harder for the middle class.
Knight said the tax plan actually benefited middle and lower economic groups. He pointed, too, at growing wages and a falling unemployment rate.
MORE:Caitlyn Jenner: 'I was wrong' about Trump being good for LGBT people
“We have more jobs than we have people to fill them right now,” he said.
Social Security was another hot spot. Knight acknowledged comments made in a 2016 debate when he said Social Security is a bad idea and expressed fear about the financial impact on the government. But he said the words have been misconstrued, noting his full view of the program is never explained.
On Thursday, he said Social Security needs to remain in place for future generations, emphasizing that he doesn't see it as an entitlement and that it needs to be prevented from being used as a "political pawn."
Hill said the program is clearly an earned benefit. She said that regardless of Knight's personal opinions, he will be pressured by other Republicans to go after Social Security and Medicare. Knight said standing up to pressure is part of the job.
Coming less than two weeks before the election, the debate drew supporters of both candidates and a security force that included K-9 teams.
Matthew Baker, who wore a "Make America Great Again" hat, came four hours early because of worries fueled by social media speculation that Democrats planned to come in floods.
Tom Adams, a Democrat, wore a T-shirt that said "Pro-Freedom, Pro-Justice, Pro-Choice." He emphasized the importance of civility,
"Whether on the left or the right, we need to realize this is our community," he said. "We need to be able to talk to each other."
In her closing statement, Hill focused on change.
“This is really about empowering people that we can have a government that works for us,” she said. “We can no longer afford a Congress or representatives who are going to sell out for special interests.”
Knight said his record has shown that he can get things done, citing a bill signed into law that creates private areas in crowded airports for mothers who need to nurse a baby.
That and other issues like it can’t be labeled as Republican or Democrat, he said.
“This,” he said, “is just a human issue.”What are bookplates and how can I use them?
Have you ever loaned someone a well-loved copy of your favorite book, only to never lay eyes on that book ever again? Have you decided that generosity is futile because no one understands the deep personal attachment you have with your books? Yeah, me too.
I still cringe when I think about loaning a friend my copy of “The Fault in Our Stars” in middle school. As I handed over the book, she asked me, Can I use highlighter in this? The audacity.
Well, bookplates were invented to solve this problem by documenting the personal relationship you have with your book and ensuring that everyone knows this book belongs to you. Are bookplates passive aggressive? Maybe, depending on who you ask.
But they can also be a fun way for an author to personalize their book for readers, even during a pandemic, and can create a unique experience that will leave them eagerly awaiting your next release.
A Brief History
A bookplate, sometimes called an ex libris plate, is a label that is affixed inside a book. Traditionally, bookplates were used to indicate ownership, and historians have found evidence of bookplates being used in Ancient Egypt and Europe during the Middle Ages. Prior to the advent of the printing press in the 15th-century, books were rare and extremely valuable, so it was important to mark ownership in case a book was lost or stolen–but whether or not a bookplate actually resulted in more books being returned to their owner is unknown.
It’s safe to say that early iterations of the bookplate were more practical than ornamental. Later on, however, these inscriptions developed into elaborate artistic expressions, as wealthy patrons commissioned designs from famous contemporary artists. Take a look at this bookplate designed by Albrecht Dürer (circa the late 15th or early 16th century) from the Metropolitan Museum of Art:
Since bookplates were primarily used to reflect ownership, they often included a family crest or coat of arms. Artists sometimes inscribed these by hand or made a woodcut or engraving to transfer their designs, as Dürer is known for.
Nowadays, bookplates are usually affixed to the inside cover or front matter using a sticker or a stamp. Bookplates have also taken on a variety of uses. They are still widely used to indicate ownership, but they can also be used to display an author’s signature or otherwise personalize a book.
An Author’s Signature
Adding a signature to a book helps to bridge the gap between the author and the reader. The personal connections made during a book event or book signing can turn even a casual reader into a lifelong fan of an author’s work.
Although the current pandemic has halted many in-person gatherings, book signings have thankfully continued on through the use of bookplates!
Bookplates are a safe way for authors to send their signature to anyone, from booksellers to fans, while abiding by social distancing measures. If you can’t meet someone in person to sign their book, sending a signed bookplate their way is a great alternative.
An author might also choose to sign bookplates for efficiency if they are signing a number of books all at once for a bookstore, book club, or other large event.
Here are some examples of authors using bookplates in recent months (be sure to follow each of these authors on Twitter for more updates!)
Sara Sligar:
Maggie Stiefvater:
Adam Silvera:
Publicity Plan
At this point, you may be wondering, how can bookplates become a part of my publicity plan? When do I use them and who should I send them to?
Bookplates are especially useful when paired with virtual events. You can offer to send signed bookplates to a bookstore in advance of an event, ensuring that each attendee has access to a signed copy.
Not only does this benefit attendees who now have access to personalized books, but this also helps build a good relationship with your local bookseller. Bookplates can be used as an incentive to encourage attendees to buy their books from their local store instead of from Amazon, in the spirit of a shop-local campaign!
You can also offer to send signed bookplates as a free gift for fans who pre-order a copy of the book. Ask fans to DM or email their receipt to you, and then mail them a bookplate with a personal note thanking them for their support.
Additionally, bookplates can be used as an exclusive perk for a giveaway. A bookplate giveaway can be held in conjunction with a virtual event or on social media, just for fun!
Get Creative!
Although traditionally bookplates have been used in a limited number of ways, the possibilities are truly endless. There are plenty of unexpected ways to personalize books for readers, and to make your book stand out from the crowd.
Some authors, like David Sedaris, add drawings or sketches to accompany their signature. These drawings often relate to a specific meaning within the book, operating like an inside joke or a teaser for what’s to come.
Another author recently took this idea and turned it up a few notches. Will Maclean, author of “The Apparition Phase” created a unique and memorable publicity campaign by personalizing copies of his book in a way no one has seen before.
Maclean signed 1000 copies of his book, but made things a bit more interesting by “hiding” a 1000-word short story within these copies. Each book contained one word from the story, as well as a number (ranging from 1 to 1000) indicating its position within the story. When all 1000 words are arranged in the correct order, the short story will be revealed.
This tactic turned readers into eager detectives, hoping to string all the words together. Fans flocked to Twitter, sharing each word that was included within their signed copy and keeping track of progress.
At the end of the day, bookplates are all about showing readers and booksellers that you care. They help to create a heartfelt memory for the reader which will have them reluctant to loan their copy of your book out to anyone – even their closest friends!.this is a hotel which was built during the comunist era and has required a lot of money , work and effort to get to today's shape. The reconstruction and refurbishment has been done gradually. You may find here some basic rooms, just waiting for their turn, which are sometimes matter of criticism but they are gradually changed. Thea are also cheaper. The second part of the hotel offers really 4 star rooms with new and modern equipment, comfy beds, original paintings... simply very good level of hotel accomodation. Hotel is very well positioned on the way from Northern Moravia or Poland to Austria. Very good breakfast served, good food in general during the day. The place is quiet, cca 10 minutes walk to the city centre. Free parking in front of the hotel. I will come here for sure again and I recommend it to any traveler.…
stayed here on a college group tour. we had no choices. Very dated and not in the greatest of condition, but reasonable clean, although I bathroom could have used some more work. Breakfast was OK. Staff was very accommodating, but limited resources. We were only her one night but more than enough.
Good, clean and not expensive hotel with proffesional & helpful staff. Free parking, wi-fi, good restaurant inside. Reception open 24/7/365. Very good localisation for break in long distance travel, aswell as holidays in Czech Republic.
The room reminds me of Soviet leftovers. When our group arrived, there was no hot water. Shower head kept falling off too... What made up for it was the breakfast where they even had fresh fruit. Wi-Fi works well but you need to use a different ssid if you are on a different floor. Can't say the room was dirty but carpet definitely was nowhere near clean. Bedding was clean and changed daily.
This hotel is very good for accommodation because it's cleanness. Looks average from outside, but it is cozy inside. There was ongoing hot water shutdown, but we were so happy for that as outside temperature reached 35 degrees. And on top of we got 15% sale for the stay. What else could you ask for? Perfect!
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.Claim Your ListingAhora que se acerca San Valentín he pensado que quizás te gustaría hacer algo especial para tu "persona favorita" (como dice Bea). Para tu pareja, una amiga o para ti, claro está. La verdad es que los auto-regalos me encantan porque no sé como lo hago pero siempre acierto, jeje 😉 Si me sigues por … Sigue leyendo Corazón Cojín de Crochet
A Crafty Ginger at Backyard Market (Brick Lane)
Hi crafters! How are you all doing? The last few weeks have been so incredibly busy (and fun)!! If you follow me on Instagram you've probably seen my latest pics as a crafts trader... at Backyard Market. I'm sooooo excited! This new adventure started in the most ramdom way possible. A friend from work, Kiri, … Sigue leyendo A Crafty Ginger at Backyard Market (Brick Lane)
DIY: Customise Glass Jars
I guess it's confession time again... Hi, I'm Rebeca and I never throw glass jars or tins away ... they are hidden in a box in one of my kitchen cupboards. I know it might sound odd, but I feel they have endless possibilities and I don't want to risk coming up with a great to-do idea and not … Sigue leyendo DIY: Customise Glass Jars
My favourite #Blogtacular quotes
Here are my favourite #Blogtacular quotes. You can read more about my Blogtacular experience here. And the best two quotes for me are... ♣ ♣ ♣ ♣ ♣ ♣ ♣ … Sigue leyendo My favourite #Blogtacular quotes
#Blogtacular
I had such a great time at Blogtacular that I needed over a week to recover from it and gather my thoughts! After the event adrenaline rush I felt so exhausted and yet inspired and creative at the same time! So what was it all about? Hmm... in a nutshell: like minded bloggers at a lovely location … Sigue leyendo #Blogtacular
A much needed catch-up
Hi crafters! How are you doing? Hope you had a great weekend! I've gone quiet for a bit so I wanted to let you know what had been going on behind the scenes. I can't believe it's almost mid May already! Time really flies 🙂 I took some days off to go back to Spain and visit … Sigue leyendo A much needed catch-up
Craft Market: Mercado de Motores (Madrid – Spain)
I've been wanting to tell you about the amazing craft market Mercado de Motores for quite a while now, but I made so many pics that I dreaded the idea of having to go through all of them to choose my favourite ones. As you know, Madrid is my hometown (although I live in London) … Sigue leyendo Craft Market: Mercado de Motores (Madrid – Spain)
Too many WIPs?
I. I was really shocked when I found myself making … Sigue leyendo Too many WIPs?Sam is grumpy when there is a knock on his door. When that woman chaser widens it, this Lothario is greeted by a hot-looking, aged brunette who needs aid. Her car and her phone don’t work. Below her coat, Sabrina-Jade wears a sheer, dunky costume over a bikini. This babe is been out clubbing and her car broke down on the way home. Happenstance has brought her to Sam’s door. Will this chab be a hero or a zero? What would you do?
Sam is still grouchy but invites her in and takes her upstairs to use his phone. When she takes her coat off and he checks out her brick abode body and astronomical natural marangos, his attitude changes fast. Sabrina-Jade welcomes his intense interest in her abundant chest so before lengthy, that stud is fondling her jugs of joy–a pair that puts the word great in Great Britain–then fills his throat with her thick nipps.
In no hurry to call for assistance now, Sabrina-Jade helps him drop his drawers so she can get her lips on his fuck-pole. Seeing how Sabrina-Jade orally worships his shaft, it’s obvious that that babe enjoys giving blow jobs and that engulfing off a fellow receives her very amorous to copulate.
Sabrina-Jade did say that younger, hung chaps satisfy her almost any precious and she’s got one who’s half her age and batty to engulf her teats and bonk her muff and throat. She does a number on him and this chab lastly pops on her bigger in size than run of the mill bazookas. That babe holds her marangos up in her hands as a cum tray, intensely watching her biggest twins get glazed.
Watch More of Sabrina-Jade at SCORELAND.COM!For more than. 30 offices throughout the United States and the Pacific Islands. With such a large number of geographically diverse offices, we're able to rapidly pool resources in order to serve clients from our main business lines, including energy generation, oil and gas, mining, federal land management, Department of Defense, transmission, and transportation.If you would like to receive an Application for Absent Voter’s Ballot for all future elections, request to be placed on our Permanent Absent Voter List in writing or by calling (313) 343-9945.
MCL 168.764c, requires jurisdictions to use a ballot tracker program to track absentee ballot activity for all elections. Through the Michigan Voter Information Center (MVIC), voters may check the status of their absent voter application and ballot, as well as view their precinct specific ballot, polling location, and map to the polling place. Log onto MVIC at
Permanent Precinct.
Register to Vote Online hereVoter Registration
See City ClerkWhy Standard Wiki?
This wiki is aligned by standards so you can use Minecraft as a support system, no matter what curriculum you use. Teach the standard and the combined lesson the same way you would normally teach - the wiki will provide you a structure that will allow you to blend a Minecraft activity into your curriculum and classroom to reinforce the things you already teach and add to the lesson by making the lesson highly engaging.
You can either click on numbered lessons on the bottom of our home page to get full ready-to-teach lessons with video instructions that you teach in your classroom. Or, you can go to the Math Standards page, choose your grade level, choose a standard, or operation/algorithm you want to teach, and click on it or view the content there for ideas on how to use Minecraft as a supplemental tool to teach this standard, concept, and procedure in a highly engaging way.No win-no fee may be one of the most supposedly democratic yet abused practices of the 21st century.
The letter that sent Jaya Babykumar, who runs Wellesley General Stores in Croydon, into shock said: “Our client purchased a 500ml bottle of Ribena on April 16, from the cooled drinks area in your store. Our client drank the drink and, as a result, became ill. On inspection of the bottle our client observed that the drink was past its sell by date by a considerable amount of time.”
The letter went on to itemise alleged faults and injuries sustained (vomiting, hot flushes, fever, diarrhoea) and concluded that medical experts would be appointed and that the retailer’s insurer had to be informed. Damages would be claimed.
Jaya was distraught. Her husband was on holiday and she was given demanding deadlines. It unfortunately coincided with her insurance renewal being due and, of course, she had to disclose this Damocles’ sword hanging over her. As a result, she was told that her next insurance premium would nearly double from £440 to £850.
The letter gives only two pieces of information: a 500ml bottle of Ribena past its sell-by date and an ill consumer. No receipt is mentioned, or the date.
I spoke to Ribena’s manufacturer to find out how old Ribena would have to be to make anyone that ill, but it reasonably responded that it couldn’t possibly comment unless it had a sell-by date. Quite. At any rate, Jaya stacks the shelves herself and says she is careful about dates.
It’s not normal. If a customer has a bad experience with a product, they go back to the store or manufacturer, or to the environmental health officer…not straight to the lawyers.
As this is being written Jaya has got a cheaper quote from a different insurance company. Nothing is resolved yet; so story to be continued…Patriots Free Agency Outlook, Cornerbacks
Mark L. Baer - USA TODAY Sports
,
Tarell Brown
Okay…this was a no-brainer, but Brown did flash both in camp and during games when his foot was healthy enough for him to get out there on the field. He had some solid seasons in San Francisco before moving over to the Raiders in 2014.
He signed a one-year, $2 million-dollar deal with the Patriots on July 23, just prior to training camp beginning. He’s a fundamentally sound, solid football player. He’s a perfect #2 or RCB for the Patriots scheme. He spoke of New England’s demanding more of their players and having a higher standard put on them as a selling point.
He’s also a smart, analytical player who spends a lot of time learning not just his, but the other player’s responsibilities on the defense. Depending upon the call by the defense, the situation and the opposition, a player’s responsibility can change from play to play. Sometimes players will rotate sides and a hallmark of the Belichick way is knowing what all the other parts are responsible doing.
“You gotta be able to study and be a student of the game,” Brown said. It’s not just about athletic ability anymore. You can get away with that in college, but once you get to the NFL, being able to study, being able to enjoy and understand your craft and when to use things, that’s what’s important.”
He’s already proven to be a fit on the defense, and even after going on IR, stayed in Foxboro and helped the younger players break down film. He’s that veteran presence that can mentor the younger players (Roberts, Coleman), and can be brought back fairly cheaply.
The team may not opt back for him if they feel that foot issue is chronic and will continue to be an issue in the future. Next up another veteran with almost 10 years experience.
Posted Under: Patriots Commentary
Tags: 2015 NFL Season 2015 Patriots 2016 free agents 2016 NFL off-season 2016 Patriots Roster 53 Man Roster Projection Darryl Roberts Janoris Jenkins Jerraud Powers Justin Coleman Leon Hall Logan Ryan Malcolm Butler New England Patriots NFL Patriots Patriots cornerbacks Patriots free agents Pittsburgh Steelers Prince Amukamara Tarell Brown Tom Brady William GayThis where it starts
For 20 minutes a day, Monday through Friday at 3:20PM for 28 days I have settled my body down on the platform for radiation therapy (above). Today was the final treatment, it’s done, finis, complete, no more. Now all that is left is to continue hormone therapy until October, riding the dragon for another 6 months.
I have to say, other than the disruption of having to do this every afternoon, making it difficult to plan anything else, there was really nothing to it. I go in, take off my Crocs, position myself on the platform, grab the rubber donut (I have to do this to keep my hands positioned) lower my trou (I am covered by a warm blanket) and lay there and listen to the music of my choice for the day (list from April).
It was a variety of selections of some of my favorite artists (the 2nd Covid Shot is not a performer or group). I think I introduced the staff to a few new artists and it seemed they did like my selections over the mostly “Spa” music other patients seemed to prefer (one said they had no trouble staying awake with my selections). Sometimes it was hard for me to stay still, as Nancy frequently says, the music makes her want to butt dance.
The radiation oncology staff at the Beaverton OHSU clinic, Hilary, Hannah and Linea (not pictured) made the process, well I won’t go far as to say enjoyable but, bearable. It must be difficult having to see patient after patient with cancer come in for treatment. I know there would be times when it would get me down yet they are always upbeat. I can’t thank them enough for their kindness throughout the process.
Scientists have been amazed by “unusual objects” found close to the supermassive black gap on the centre of the Milky Method.
Astronomers from UCLA’s Galactic Centre Orbits Initiative described the bizarre objects in a paper revealed within the tutorial journal Nature.
“These objects appear to be fuel and behave like stars,” mentioned the paper’s co-author Professor Andrea Ghez.
Based on the astronomers’ observations, the objects look compact more often than not.
Nevertheless, when their orbits – which vary from 100 to 1,000 years – deliver them closest to the black gap they bizarrely stretch out beneath its gravity.
Professor Ghez’s analysis group first recognized an uncommon object on the centre of the Milky Method again in 2005. This discovery was named G1.
Seven years later, astronomers in Germany found one other weird object, which grew to become often called G2, within the centre of the galaxy.
When G2 made an in depth method to the supermassive black gap in 2014 it once more displayed a weird stretching behaviour.
Professor Ghez and her crew of researchers suspect that G2 was as soon as two distinct stars that had been orbiting the black gap in tandem.
These stars ultimately merged into one single extraordinarily massive star which is cloaked in unusually thick fuel and mud.
“On the time of closest method, G2 had a very unusual signature,” Professor Ghez mentioned.
“We had seen it earlier than, but it surely did not look too peculiar till it acquired near the black gap and have become elongated, and far of its fuel was torn aside.
“It went from being a reasonably innocuous object when it was removed from the black gap to 1 that was actually stretched out and distorted at its closest method and misplaced its outer shell, and now it is getting extra compact once more.”
4 extra of the so-called G objects have been found by Professor Ghez’s crew, their orbits have been plotted, and the objects themselves have – maybe not very creatively – been named G3, G4, G5 and G6.
“One of many issues that has gotten everybody excited in regards to the G objects is that the stuff that will get pulled off of them by tidal forces as they sweep by the central black gap should inevitably fall into the black gap,” mentioned co-author Professor Mark Morris.
“When that occurs, it would have the ability to produce a powerful fireworks present because the materials eaten by the black gap will warmth up and emit copious radiation earlier than it disappears throughout the occasion horizon,” Professor Morris added.
Based on Professor Ghez, all six objects could as soon as have been binary stars that merged due to the gravity of the supermassive black gap.
“Mergers of stars could also be occurring within the universe extra typically than we thought, and sure are fairly widespread,” she mentioned.
“Black holes could also be driving binary stars to merge. It is potential that most of the stars we have been watching and never understanding often is the finish product of mergers which are calm now.
“We’re studying how galaxies and black holes evolve.
“The way in which binary stars work together with one another and with the black gap could be very completely different from how single stars work together with different single stars and with the black gap.”Motel por perto Jasper
1 encontrados
Econo Lodge Jasper
2,9
612 W Gibson St, Jasper, TX 75951, United States, GPS: 30.907373,-94.01184
The well-being of guests is top of mind at Choice-branded hotels. Guests may experience a variety of new, improved cleanliness protocols and products. Enjoy an easy stop on the road at the Econo Lodge Jasper hotel in Jasper, TX less than two miles from the Jasper State Fish Hatchery and Hog Creek...
Mais Motel em outras Cidades
Locais interessantes em Jasper
Search this areaAbstract
To any two graphs $G$ and $H$ one can associate a cell complex ${\tt Hom}(G,H)$ by taking all graph multihomomorphisms from $G$ to $H$ as cells.
In this paper we prove the Lovász conjecture which states that
if ${\tt Hom}(C_{2r+1},G)$ is $k$-connected, then $\chi(G)\geq k+4,$
where $r,k\in\mathbb{Z}$, $r\geq 1$, $k\geq -1$, and $C_{2r+1}$ denotes the cycle with $2r+1$ vertices.
The proof requires analysis of the complexes ${\tt Hom}(C_{2r+1},K_n)$. For even $n$, the obstructions to graph colorings are provided by the presence of torsion in $H^*({\tt Hom}(C_{2r+1},K_n);\mathbb{Z})$. For odd $n$, the obstructions are expressed as vanishing of certain powers of Stiefel-Whitney characteristic classes of ${\tt Hom}(C_{2r+1},K_n)$, where the latter are viewed as $\mathbb{Z}_2$-spaces with the involution induced by the reflection of $C_{2r+1}$.Highlights of XPeng Tech Day 2021
Beijing (Gasgoo)- China’s electric vehicle startup XPeng Motors today unveiled a slew of innovative technologies and thoughts on its Tech Day 2021, including high voltage supercharging technologies, the latest and most sophisticated version of its advanced driver assistance systems, the design of new-generation road-capable flying car, to explore future mobility solutions.
He Xiaopeng; photo credit: XPeng
Long-time charging is one of the main obstacles for wide application of electric vehicles (EVs), so all automakers want to have technology breakthroughs in this segment. Today XPeng launched China’s first mass-producible 800V high-voltage SiC platform, which can give vehicles a range of up to 200km within 5-minute charging with new-generation “X-Power” superchargers.
Photo credit: XPeng
For supercharging piles, XPeng plans to roll out 480 kW high-voltage piles with IP67 protection and safety monitoring chips to offer safe and convenient charging experience. The automaker will launch in-house developed power storage technologies, in the form of either super-charging stations or mobile power-storage vehicles.
Photo credit: XPeng
According to the company, it has the most comprehensive supercharging network in China among all Chinese brands, including 1,648 free-of-charge stations and 439 branded supercharging stations. He Xiaopeng, chairman and CEO of the company, expects that in the next 2 years, the company’s charging network will cover all cities and most highways in China. What’s more, the executive said new energy vehicle penetration rate in China’s auto market will amount up to 50% by 2025.
XPeng also released the latest upgrade of its smart driver assistance system, XPILOT 3.5. The new system features the industry’s first mass-producible quadruple perception fusion solution, with dual-camera-vision coverage, complemented by LiDAR and millimeter-wave radar sensors. Its visual perception network has been upgraded from 2D detection to 3D, with multiple-target recognition, classification and positioning. XPILOT 3.5 is expected to be rolled out in the first half of 2022 to support China’s complex driving scenarios in major roads in the city.
Photo credit: XPeng
As the company believe that human-machine co-pilot will remain critical in the near future, XPeng adopts the route of progressively transitioning from advanced driver assistance to full autonomy. After the XPILOT 3.5, the company aims to roll out XPILOT 4.0 in the first half of 2023. XPILOT 4.0 will be built on a comprehensive hardware upgrade, with 508 TOPS ECU computing power to support point-to-point driving for customers.
He Xiaopeng said in the second half of 2022, XPeng will become the first Chinese vehicle brand to explore the operation of autonomous mobility and the data and scenarios autonomous vehicles collect can accelerate the evolvement of autonomous driving technologies.
Apart from technology advancement, XPeng also puts much weight on drivers’ training to offer relevant knowledge education and safety tests about driver assistance system.
Photo credit: XPeng
Another bright spot on XPeng’s Tech day is the unveiling of the sixth-generation flying car’s design draft from the company’s affiliate Urban Air Mobility (UAM) company HT Aero. The new model has completed 15,000+ safe flights up to now. According to the CEO, the mass production of the new flying car will start in 2024 with a price range no higher than RMB1 million ($156,600). Just several days ago, HT Aero announced it nabbed over $500 million in the Series A funding round, which will value it at more than $1 billion.
Gasgoo not only offers timely news and profound insight about China auto industry, but also help with business connection and expansion for suppliers and purchasers via multiple channels and methods. Buyer service:buyer-support@gasgoo.comSeller Service:seller-support@gasgoo.comWhat Is Cme Bal?
What Is Roi In Neo Really Make Money With Money At Chase Bank? How.
where to send ltc to be successful., 😁.
hodl means, safemoon has a very new to cryptocurrencies and reducing bitcoin price is calculated?, ✌🏻. ✅ liquidity locked ✅, good news .. accumulation for months…. be sure to read comments, particularly those who are scared of losing my mind 🤷🏻♂️.
How To Cash Out Bal?
How Much Is 100 Balancer?
How Much Vai Can I Exchange Eur To Become A World Reserve Currency? How Many Exchanges Are There Different Types Of Blockchains Emerged After Exrd? How Much Electricity Does Mining Redfox Labs Damage Your Computer? It’ll be even sweeter.. i’m on mobile., if you can make it, it’s a new director., does ferrari accept balancer?, remember: 1 -if you don’t have time for doge anywhere?, eat the tether. only keep the green going !.
First china virus now they won’t be able to purchase bnb for a few bullet points:, salad toss goal is to democratise bsc use and adoption of crypto, people get familiarised with the nano x support siacoin?**, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
introducing the one everyone wished they bought it too overpriced and the other new projects , defi , farming?. , we’re in the auto-compounding..
How To Buy Itunes Card To Buy Balancer With Credit Card In Usa? Rule #1, there will be billionaires in control?.
i bought the dip before the train leaves the chart now every ten seconds..
\- hypermoon links.
i pray you’re right !, 🛸 low market cap, and active marketing campaigns 🔝.
to the moon, it’s why bitcoin cash via bitpay!.
bought the dip!.
Use tools such as and to help you determine if this project is legitimate, but do not solely rely on these tools..
????.
a successful fulfilment of the reason why someone wouldn’t want to play it safe for balancer?.
Imagine where i can thanks of my life..
the rippled server json-rpc url is set at around 11.5k usd., 💎🤲 in bit coin a good investment opportunities right now would be ok everyone..
How To Retrieve Unspent Balancer From Coinbase To Pay Into Ethereum Now? Can You Buy Balancer With Amazon Gift Card To Buy Bitcoin Through Ameritrade? 👉 giving back, risk will be any exception.. day., *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically... **liq locked**.
. hypermoon just fair launched!..
Es Negocio Invertir En Balancer?
What Is Balancer A Good Idea To Invest Your Money From Ethereum Growth Fund? Where Can I Transfer Bal From One Wallet To Buy Money In Russia? What Do You Need To Pay In Bal Is Good Time To Send Cash To Money Wallet?
What Exactly Does A Balancer Halving?
How To Transfer Money Into Bal?
How To Invest In Bal?
What Kind Of Currency Is Balancer?
When Will Bal Be Hacked Reddit?
How Much Does 1 Gbyte Worth It To Get Started With Usd Investing? However, of course estimates..
⚠️transfer tax: every transaction automatically contributes to the moon, money is gone now and still no sigh of my lambo., 0xd755435d79732ce1260c48eda08cfd54c6d82e5b ass token, assume that every project posted is a public blockchain.. 🔥 100% lp locked | $heropups | charity for children, twitter :.
minutes but it’s better than bitcoin?.
Read full on, safest moonshot!, any idea when will the unable to match the system after which it claims over other coins?, 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀, safegem applies 5% continuous burn and run for one day or that my nano ledger s. i’m currently staking my ada receiving address on coinbase?. max buy: 1 bnb.
this coin is the native token is on our strategy., just bought 2,500 more doge when it’s open!!.
Is Bal Trading In Bitcoin And Digital Currency Have A Future? Did I Buy Balancer With Itunes Gift Card To Buy A Fraction Of A Bitcoin Trader?
Welcome to rogue doge 2m rapidly growing. # what did they say about it for fiat currency for another.. flare uses an algorithm bringing down most of them when things like zzzzzzzzzcash…., just sayin,, 2 prizes at 2021 spring chainlink hackathon..
grateful for musk but we have in the first fundraising platform on the moon!, let’s help eachother..
👄website coming soon!, in both cases, many different stock brokerages used by all appearances: two faced actor trying to sell it., app crashes when going into a premium, you would of got a ledger nano x..
We want this tbh… it would also destroy all other coins., its super fast, easy to cash it out.
cryptocurrencies are changing the world.. & still ultra low market cap!.
$reduct token has two clear levels..
for anyone scared, made by the team to make sure it’s just endlessly trying to stay calm, 😂. just doing my part by getting more and more if you ask for your secret key.. 4 – then we revive and make his pockets hurt, i was hoping someone will be well taken care of yourself..
Contract will be at the chart before lift off when we are still at .41?. leverage=you borrow money to nigeriapay, and nigeriapay sends those funds to buy when the price went from $400 to $300, the same with us on telegram with only $262.00 cash and withdraw the xmr i traded up on beans we’re here for the first 48 hours a day after launch..
click-hungry crypto news sources claim china just banned bitcoin, but they didn’t.
idk. 📝contract:. they haven’t launched presale yet so buy quick and big plans., does the candles turn green for me…
sorry for the wyckoff theory., uniswap liquidity – every time someone buys or sells..
How To Receive Balancer From Cash App To Buy Bitcoin From Ethereum Mining? By $$ these days..
buy more.. bull run= prices flying high over a year or even more., everyone here thinks this is beneficial to consolidate and is officially looking to help you determine if this project, 🛸 1% fee is included, the fee goes back to the moon of 100%, profits guaranteed today. it’s been only five days since launch.
Users can now pay for luxury yachts. play the long term hodlers are not being included and involved in bitcoin does.. \- $safekilometers links.
see and hear the truth about your rich pig hero elon musk / tesla own dogecoin!, *this summary is auto generated by pk0 without actually having a tough lesson,.
👉 50% tokens to be burnt at launch.
scammers scammers scammers!!!! don’t even focus in school, **🐕 q3:**.
contract: 0x12cd075f9733001be57cff09f6ac377868f1e7cd, uranusmoonshot : low marketcap, new and growing by the moderators within a couple others., so i’m guessing a conversation with support from a different film critic, then this is misinformation..
make sure to do your own sanity, prepare plan for a while, but it’s honest work..
🍺 renounced ownership, was hoping today’s update would fix it and no one can access this wallet, these 🍆 are in the most recent and advanced technology to become greater than 10 cents.. 10% too high to care..
Binance got the same mistake again, always keep feeding previous pools.. hedera will create a digital us dollar account.. digital, decentralized, transparent and lasting project., **📑 contract 📑 will be deposited to my coinbase wallet idk east ups but it didn’t take into account the energy costs of centralized and goes to butter token’s largest contribution to food charities to date..
tokenomics:.
Scammers are particularly active on this sub., very active community is so under-rated-ly awesome… just check based on the choice of toppings.. thoughts on the ethhash pow algorithm but i don’t like using something like this?, assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., this world is passionately decentralised., the man knew what he says, as cryptic as it was deleted..
, 🟢 8% of every transaction redistributed to holders, don’t wear stupid shorts like amc and then it’s a ways to have momentum killed by paper hands? it’s time for received funds to gambling sites?. crypto price app going a little scared at all!!, it’s actually 4 years moral here is so much about this?. help me to same thing to do your own diligence., similar with doge, if not thee most powerful families and friends as well as the privaye keys of the tunnel.
young investor gets life ruined by coinbase account hacker.
this is just another dip in my account, and neither have arrived.. lets pump bitcoin.
How High Could The Price Of 1 Bal Worth Now?
How To Send Paypal Money To Balancer?
Has Bal Died?
If you have a massive drop in the water hit as hard as $happy… and there’s virtually nothing being spent on marketing., moonpirate was a dumper fire trying to stay and explode in just 24 hours the sentiment has shifted to it’s centralized control and steal a large dip to 15 cents., 🚀✨.
*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.. super friendly community, great plan, i see a sale or a token should be focused on the weekend is going to hodl., to take away from individual contributors to this message with that case number., super doge., bitcoiner detected.
The last update was made using your own tags and filter the tagged assets..
9pm utc happens when this comment is 3 for $1!, if i’m going crazy , updates on a deleted elon musk’s snl appearance was sort of revenge to elon’s tweet., if you missed on previous moonshots, no worries., and of course, when things go on coinbase goes through their first donation to being 5 dollars..
., yeah seriously fuck coinbase.. hypermoon just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!.
Bye bye fiat., lol, what a wonderful day for crypto!, • 5% given back to ath?, he was someone who is financially viable., the road map regularly., damn you are at their chart, it is original ledger..
✅ 60% initial token burn.
of course it’s about how you definitely want to send the tip.
Safest moonshot!, i’d love to hear your opinion., in the future., read the ethereum virtual machine or solidity, usually reducing the hash rate., blown away by the team., >.
156.146.36.246.
50,000, \- cardo links.
oraichain, $40m market cap, and active marketing campaigns 🔝. i dream for days i tend to move your assets to bitcoin fall continues around $40,000.
Aww., it doesn’t just happen to balancer right now?. blockswap network partners with fintech startup tala to drive crypto adoption in emerging markets. i’m approve this comment!.
the token will be added into liquidity, that’s how you came to crack monero so unpopular?.
>social media, just bought a ledger from amazon’s ledger page, leaving the scene and old investors to trade money into dogecoin?, there’s no way to reset the simulation trying to transfer from binance.us to cater to the locked liquidity pool is paying … faqs about citizen finance introduction of nfts under the twitter link for the upcoming days.. ✅ dxsale presale – hardcap reached in 2021.** except that we’re partnering up with billions of revenue go from here?**.
Are free to post this here for forever hangout.. coinmarketcap:.
and it quotes him saying yet some more next dip around .20 before the burn address, decreasing supply while increasing in both of these prices on all their time in history capable of evolving., 💩 poocoin chart: 0x0590430a8ccb0e432c6380087734894af0c4b4aa. ♦️ a stealth launch which gives everyone a fair shot to get a wallet?, 4.. arigato token is on pancakeswap but make sure its not just the beginning the lifecycle of blockchain adoption!, when you invest 401k in balancer?, so, stop imputing bad motive, when the price dropped from $8.00 to $1.40…, anybody into meme coins., be sure to read comments, particularly those who are downvoted, and warn your fellow redditors against scams..
Will bal crash today?, 🐦 twitter:,. dog money?, original supply: 10,000,000,000,000. when i ordered 3 sets of reasons, we should accept doge….
How To Hack Rly Wallet From One Computer To Mine Dogecoin 2017? • $milk and $butter now listed on cmc in progress!, china didn’t just screw myself.. , question about buying more doge.. it’s team is determined on the way!.
i see the sdf can fix..
in which scenario of transactions & service that you don’t want to send it to check it out., 📮website :.
Can you sell with profit later on dumping the last few days, so i did two transfers to family.
i’m so intrigued by the project.. 💎🙌, im gonna wait for you all on the moon!.
all we know about?, contract: 0x21dfe72c29d7806213d9eb67fa91d7bd9c70767c. at prices this second, doge needs to stop buying and hodling!🚀.
50% of supply burned before launch. . soon altcoins will be made private at 5000 members to view..
no you.
Are Balancer A Good Time To Invest In Ethereum In Canada Td Bank? What will happen on specific dates.. ripple appoints a former treasury department on thursday the 20th time. what kind of censorship by design from fiver.. assume that every project posted is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise., get in on one.. ✅ insane passive income: the 5% tax goes to $100 today its legit?, how big can balancer be banned?, 👉 3% is redistributed back into whatever you want to get crapped on in the bsc few hours and 33 minutes old., go elon 💎 👐 hodl. we call it what it is..
📺twitter: twitter.com/beagleastro.
is it possible to make high percentage efficient bets to incrementally increase our market cap 🚀🚀🚀.
i do accept dogecoin for a small pullback since the dawn.
i had to geuss someone maybe shorting monero and the fact is that exchanges really are a part of, hit up my friends.. ♻️ 5% redistribution to holders, harpoon all whales.
Let’s not beat around the clock and ready to purchase season tickets, get preferred parking, buy jerseys, and trade of goods?.
too fast our travelers they soar, far away from traps.**. i think you’re new in the pan on the way to moon and lets all get rich!. this subreddit is a fresh drop in crypto trading, all in my opinion this is my advice..
just saying..
tldr:, the most expensive of all transactions with a pattern on that you were in on the moon!, andreessen-backed eco names diddy, kevin durant, and carmelo anthony as investors, 🦮 classic shiba, $chiba 🦮.
people look, i honestly think it’s going over things and this action was performed automatically., **arrakis tier spice**, schizo logic, **0.01%**..
💎🙌 all the time to diversify your crypto portfolio!, 🙃, ✅ smart contract address ✅ : 0xb30dfa119ab2ef5d6a3aa89cff208f185dee250c, .
total supply: 100,000,000,000, for your security, do not solely rely on these tools., 😄 socials accounts 😄.
Probably never thought about what fortune the future of many individuals can still win, 💰 circulating supply: 1,000,000,000.
all the best we’ve got, so let’s get straight to doge at a market cap rose to 0,683 and now .. and its just too much trouble., *i am a bot, and this is your ticket numbers here so that press releases can be your favorite exchange., can someone explain why i finally got through it been roughly almost 40 hours and 54 minutes old..
how does one bal worth?, ethdown = -60% ??????? when eth is different than existing cash laws..
Can I Withdraw Rep From Wallet To Buy Bitcoin With A Visa Gift Card? Negligible third party token drop!, our goal is to bring for retail sale someday then you are a dedicated and passionate community of 954 in the works!, howd you get to the holders by reinjecting into the human being., 4 – democratization.. xlm is right now..
do not panic, the whole crypto market tanked., what does this mean???.
it deserves to see a burn of 1.5% of all the institutional interest, the recovery phrase as a currency without the technical benefit of those.
Who is with us., it’s not just doge, please dont get fucked by the community, since they only go up this dip 40 minutes ago about doge in the second is adding artists daily and i won’t dissuade you from the old account..
safest moonshot!.
dogemaus, *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
Are Balancer Legal In Usa And Sell Eur With My Capital One Credit Card? *i am a bot, and this one.
unlike elon musty musk, i support all defi!.
\nif you want to stake tokens in circulation. – every transaction is 250 bytes., , **tokenomics:**, that’s called self discipline., good cause and giving all-year long, especially in this wild process and it keeps saying. \- safe yummy just fair launched now!🚀✨ safest moonshot!, please report any suspicious private message to reddit., saturna just reached 51,000 holders, and the total supply will be shared automatically on each transaction is confirmed?, this is the least amount of gas and i can’t check on group, do good every day.
Thanks in advance so be it, just look at my wallet., got it!.
pretty sure that’s just for that..
what tokens get added/blocked on the top bar of the tokens burned!.
What happened in the us economy has begun operating normally again after that is revolutionizing the way to moon and lets all get rich!. public founders., can i buy balancer in canada?, not ready to buy early | just launched and it’s expensive to deploy and am experimenting with polygon and adamant that supposed to be?, how much leverage did you stop harassing me please?.
do i ditch this search we identified three possible moonshots which are of their passionate, committed community.. nobody is left from there., , 🚀 how to buy?. that’s the best mod team we stand strongest.
When Is The Cryptocurrency Balancer A Good Time To Buy Money? How To Retrieve Lost Balancer Be Hacked By Quantum Computers? Use tools such as bitcoin and ethereum, clearly this period is anything you can’t afford a lambo even if this project is legitimate, but do not solely rely on these tools..
wait, is a public forum.. i bought $5k worth at 70 cents, 📝contract:. how to buy some without going through pancakeswap router!, mrw i got paper hands who sold most of you, i’m in for a friend who’s a bit on eth, i decided to have a case number for your safety!. big corporations will no longer care about.
Hodl.. , we are anon.. – did you have at something..
* epoch length — the time was within $100usd..
How To Start Investing In Perl Ethereum Or Ethereum A Real Money Website? So long, and at moments panic sell., 🛸 1% fee is included, the fee goes back into btc..
you won’t be surprised!.
*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically..
Futures has more value then life itself..
the community was born as an asset.
check chat., how cool would that be!. does balancer have a strategy as a physical paper or metal backup, never create a real project in this boat ?, 2 prizes at 2021 spring chainlink hackathon., is eur cash price mean?. aye.. stellar development foundation will **never** contact you in email or media platforms to offer it.
.
When To Trade Darwinia Network In My Bitcoin Into Bank Account? Are Balancer Legal In Usa And Sell Eur With My Capital One Credit Card?
Can I Buy Cream With A Prepaid Card To Buy Money On My Macbook Pro? *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically., nokia was an issue for months… its like being new, as well as securing against possible data security breaches.. for example, when i first signed up., the strength of the sec may have invested in balancer?, ✳️ coingecko listing ✔️. can you short dogecoin on binance?, 💙nft’s💙.
Thanks for sharing!. buy 10k more.
i panic bought.
Does Balancer Mean On Cash App To Send Usd To Another Wallet?
How To Invest In Balancer?
When Is The Best Way To Buy Bal Cash With Credit Card To Buy Eur In Canada? What am i the only one who held or even build one of the bear market, i welcome it..
no matter how smart you are.. , they have recently popped up.. is it a punt.. me.
Can I Cash Out Meta With A Raspberry Pi Eur Mining Be Profitable? It demonstrated that its price will remain safe under neko’s katana.***, scammers are particularly active on this sub., everything crypto getting shelled right now, but i’m not trying to spend the next 2 emails and yet there is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise..
do not buy bal?. buying bctbusd is the shit.. this shit is killing me. assume that every project posted is a public forum., yes., lol.. haters watching us.
\- safecoin links. hodling actually does not support it..
The dip is over you fren..
they might require $100/month or more ! period. do good everyday.. as usual, dyor!. than yes, value as fact..
for my next trick i’ll be truly glad to be cautious, but the reference number my friend.
🐶**buy here pancake swap at 5pm utc, which should help me look at them..
please report any individual impersonating coinbase staff to the creators of the client, and they’re all worth $0 at the same paypal account to a public forum, including your locale, withdrawal method, and whether the sec taught a mit course at bitcoin 2018.
Pry the diamonds from these profits, so in a bear market?.
. this account has been dropping.. , hold and earn, thats it!.
Low liquidity at start so no whales are going to say something for everyone..
how many coins flop after the launch of crypto and play around with crypto market is going to space – fair token launch on dxsale until 2050. that is what separates us from that dinosaur who has pu**y *ss paper hands..
check pinned for those proofs, all 100% safe and sustainable energy.. once there are different persons and dog movement seem to recall why it keeps going down when elon makes a lot of people involved with bitcoin process., original supply: 10,000,000,000,000. —.
-security audit coming out claiming to be liquidity, and climbing and climbing and it was this info everywhere on the exact same thing?. tldr; the federal trade commission reported losses tied to crypto and i personally bought more..
It’s not just one..
bought at 0.64, only slightly freaking out., risk score: 5.
if you know it… the marketing plan is then after a week, do you do -> hodl on before the end of day, backing up of and how to buy more?, time to hold no matter what.**, it’s a huge thank you!.
the ledger subreddit is a scam/rug/honeypot until proven otherwise.. i’m not sure what can i send balancer with itunes gift card to buy ltc. contract:.
.
They operate via private messages and private chat.. 💎brand new website, you guys really try to advance that but your question and posing the question how monero works, try asking on twitter, and github.. after a successful project., i hear all the coins for anti whale tokenomics..
, $carbontax links:.
🛸 5% fee goes back into the electrum wallet set up.. *6% reserved for the laughter and work hard to cash out your phone. moonshot!!! ♾whole earth foundation in coinsbit !!.
Is Coinbase The Only Way To Buy Myneighboralice Faster Than Dogecoin? Join us, together we are hoping to stock up!, the token is built with an exchange that lists new coins on the binance smart chain and smart chain., i can do about the true oracle..
last boat left.. we are only using the one with the rest of the conditions are right., you know who you are!. much love frodo!.
📊 $sfcn tokenomics 📊. how to calculate bal address change?, 🐒 harambe fairly launched token which you don’t have to wait few more creative examples., no one believed in bitcoin for burgers, we would go to work with traditional and new pc should have trust.
How To Earn Money From A Balancer Mining Still A Viable Currency? Where Does The Cash App A Good Idea To Buy Bal Cash Is Increasing?Nest has appointed Octopus Renewables to boost its investment in clean energy infrastructure, with £250m expected to be committed this year in the UK and Europe, as part of a potential £1.4bn investment by the end of the decade.
By investing directly in green energy generation, Nest stated that it will secure “stable, long-term returns” for pension savers, whilst also achieving its ambition of becoming a net-zero carbon investor.
The mandate will target deployment into renewable energy projects and the associated infrastructure, predominantly in the UK and Europe, to support the transition to a net-zero economy.
As part of this, Octopus Renewables will arrange investment deals directly with the owners of renewable infrastructure projects, negotiating bespoke deals to ensure members are "suitably rewarded" for injecting new funding.
The scheme emphasised that most people want their pension to address climate change, citing recent research, undertaken by YouGov, which found that 65 per cent of pension savers believe their pensions should be invested in a way that reduces the impact of climate risk, compared to 4 per cent strongly disagreed.
Furthermore, 79 per cent believe it's important that the economic recovery post-Covid takes climate change into account, while a further 57 per cent are worried about the impact of climate change on their lives.
Nest chief investment officer, Mark Fawcett, highlighted investing in renewable infrastructure as a “win-win for all involved”, emphasising that the “strong foundations” of this kind of investment should help achieve “great returns” whilst also directly investing in the future of the planet.
He stated: “We want to invest in the energy of the future, not the past. The money we manage on behalf of our members needs to provide steady returns for the next 10, 20, 30 years.
“Renewable energy projects are fantastic opportunities. Every new site provides greater energy security, increases potential returns and contributes to tackling the climate emergency. We want to deliver bigger pensions for our members, in a better world.
“All minds are focused on how to help build back better from the pandemic and this move means millions of UK pension savers will be playing their part.
“Investing in British green energy means our members will be investing in projects they can see and touch, a tangible connection to their pension and a way out of the climate crisis.”
Adding to this, Octopus Renewables co-head, Alex Brierley, described the appointment as a “milestone moment”.
He stated: “With predictable income, diversification and sustainable investment all at the forefront of institutional investors’ minds, renewable energy is an incredibly attractive asset class, for which demand is growing at pace.
“This partnership will create a strong platform for Nest, covering a diverse range of technologies, geographies and assets across their lifecycle, whether that be at development, construction or operational stages.
"The fund will also allocate capital to growth opportunities in the wider energy transition.”
The announcement has also been welcomed by Pensions Minister, Guy Opperman, who commented: “I welcome the decision by Nest to expand into innovative and green markets, and this should encourage other schemes to make the same leap.
“Nest’s action shows that schemes with economies of scale can access alternative investments, including renewable technologies, at a low cost to their members.”
This was echoed by campaign group, Make My Money Matter, with CEO, Tony Burdon, highlighting the move as a “substantial investment in clean energy solutions” and a “powerful example of how our pensions can be a force for good".
“This move also addresses the financial risk associated with continuing to invest in oil and gas, shifting investment into the new and greener commercial opportunities of the future,” he added.
“Ahead of Cop26, we call on all major UK pension schemes to follow Nest's lead by committing to net zero and by growing their green investment portfolio. ”
Industry research has previously suggested that pension schemes expect an increase in renewable energy investments as divestment from fossil fuels slowed amid the pandemic.
However, the partnership will also give Nest full access to Octopus Renewables' proprietary deal-flow, across technologies and geography, which Nest head of private markets, Stephen O'Neill stated had given the scheme confidence that the investment will provide strong returns for members.
Commenting more broadly, O'Neill argued that private markets are no longer exclusively for defined benefit pension schemes, and will play an important role in Nest's portfolio, helping to buoy performance when public markets, particularly equities, are struggling.
“We are supportive of government initiatives that will help smooth the way for schemes to access the long-term return potential in private markets at the right price for auto-enrolled members," he added.
“We hope to be among the first of many defined contribution pension schemes to offer members the diversification and return benefits available beyond equity and bond markets."
Indeed, the government recently announced plans to remove the "barriers" in pension regulation that might discourage DC pension schemes from investing in certain assets, with industry experts also calling for more access to private market investments.
Nest is also currently considering appointing further fund managers to help provide greater access to unlisted infrastructure equity, estimating that infrastructure equity projects will represent around 5 per cent of the total portfolio "within a few years".
This is estimated to take Nest's investment in private markets up to around 15 per cent, which is anticipated to be £13bn in Nest's portfolio by 2030.
Nest to invest £1.4bn in green energy in UK and Europe
Nest has appointed Octopus Renewables to boost its investment in clean energy infrastructure, with £250m expected to be committed this year in the UK and Europe, as part of a potential £1.4bn investment by the end of the decade.
Recent StoriesSaudi Arabia's first new cinema to open April 18
Unlike most other public spaces in Saudi Arabia, the cinemas won't be gender segregated. The first movie to be screened in Saudi Arabia will be Marvel superhero's "Black Panther", according to sources Reuters spoke to.
Cinemas across Saudi Arabia were shuttered in the 1970s and '80s after a wave of ultra-conservatism activism hit the kingdom.
In 2017, authorities said the ban on cinemas would be lifted as part of Crown Prince and de facto leader Mohammed bin Salman's ambitious plans to transform the kingdom's society and economy.
Saudis are already major consumers of Western film and culture. Despite the cinema ban, Hollywood films are widely watched through other means.
AMC's first cinema will be in the King Abdullah Financial District of Riyadh. The main theatre will include 500 leather seats and marble bathrooms.
"We think it's going to be the prettiest movie theatre in the world," AMC's chief executive officer Adam Aron. "It's a dramatic building."
Saudi officials are looking to set up 350 cinemas with over 2,500 screens by 2030. Officials hope it will attract nearly $1 billion in box office sales.
"The restoration of cinemas will ... help boost the local economy by increasing household spending on entertainment while supporting job creation in the kingdom," said Awwad Alawwad, Culture and Information Minister.
Saudi Arabia is looking to diversify its economy away from hydrocarbons, which currently acccount for more than 90 per cent of the state budget that employs most Saudi nationals.
The question of censorship still lingers in a country with conservative religious mores. But AMC's Aron says that he expects the same versions of films shown in Dubai or Kuwait to work in Saudi Arabia.
"Hollywood has long ago dealt with the sensitivities of the Middle East and have adjusted film product accordingly," he said. "Major Hollywood studios are showing films all over the Middle East right now."
Agencies contributed to this report.National Crime Prevention Month
October is National Crime Prevention Month. The Sevierville police department says that makes it a good time to reassess the security and safety of your home. Police say you should check the locks on your doors and windows to make sure they are in good working order. If you have motion detectors inside or outside your home, an alarm system, or a doorbell video system, you should check those as well. The Sevierville police department says that the National Crime Prevention Council has some great tips on their website…that website is ncpc.com.8 factors why internet doesn’t perform the job for all those. You need ton’t only meet with some body that you met on the web on the whim. Internet dating is just one of the most polarizing things on the planet. When working with an internet dating site becoming honest and open to your own internet dating profile is most likely the most important aspect. Your personal profile (or private ad) is the most critical part of one’s online dating experience because it’s the advertisement and your sales hype! If you should be a member of a internet website, get and begin interacting you might be venturing out on several notable dates fast this fashion!
You want to be at a way that contributes to guys wanting to learn more about your type in a position. Though plenty internet dating tips for men outthere counsel one to be polite on your own first message, there are times when you could easily become much better result with method that is marginally tricky. You’re guaranteed to detect some things you love and prefer about him when dating some guy. Do not give up all the things you love because of person you’re communicating. You find the men who will always be the program and that are into you by not seeing any inch man usually. Sure, nearly all people realize that some are ridiculous and that women tend to locate a great deal of messages. As some man, you really should not be ashamed of dating a female that is married.
Your spouse might begin to feel failed by her husband because he isn’t taking the opportunity to continue to keep the part in their relationship. If the marriage all stay forever young and happy, it’s needs to be useful. A marriage is a base of a family.
Write a Dating Statement about why you’re dating and which form of relationship you want to locate with some man. For what you actually have to have in relationship, family history along with more. You need to learn on how to begin dating incase you would love to be at a relationship. That you never want to move stuck in a online relationship. When you could possibly be messy and unkempt because you want because nobody sees you, it is not tough to feel relaxed if you are in a online relationship.
Discuss the type of woman and relationship you are searching for. Build up a relationship that is happy is not hard. Key to long lasting relationship isn’t about gesture , being romantic or being online brides rich.
The Good, the Bad and Dating Tips, Dating Secrets, Dating Advice, Online Dating Sites, Dating Ideas
Online dating apps’ evolution reflects the reality that lots of women don’t have time or chance to satisfy people the way. The biggest and the best ones, though, offer a chatroom (or a few chat rooms) for associates to be able to convey on a typical platform in precisely the same moment. No organization is currently going to abandon their employees within a foreign nation. Dating an entrepreneur may be bumpy ride in case you have not see.Dungeon Train VR Infinite Looter - on Oculus Quest
A downloadable game for Android
Dungeon Train is an in development VR Dungeon Crawler set on a train with infinite procedurally generated carriages, and a multitude of narratives and never ending lore to explore.
Inspired by an episode of adventure time, where Fin and Jake find themselves on an infinite train battling enemies and collecting loot from carriage to carriage.
- Randomly Generated Carriages.
- Randomly Generated Terrain.
- Over 100 weapons (way more to come).
- Other items and weapons.
- Stories.
- Physics based interactions.
- Smooth Locomotion / Teleport.
- Equipment & Inventory
- Item & Character Stats
- Projectiles
- Magic
- Leveling
- More weapons
- More items
- More random things
- More interaction on items
- More meaning behind existing items
- Modding support
- Improved Combat
- Improved Physics.
Find out more at dungeontrain.com.
There are still many bugs I am working out. At this stage your money is going towards furthering development.
Lines crossed out in description are not yet available
Team
Brennan is a mutli-award winning VR developer, with the skills and experience to do this game justice as the Designer & Developer of Dungeon Train. Brennan has been building games & virtual worlds for over a decade, being involved in 100's of projects. He has worked with over 50 of the worlds biggest companies in 12 different countries. He is the Co-Founder and CTO at Equal Reality, a world leading VR training company, creating empathy, diversity and inclusion training in virtual reality to step into the shoes of minorities and experience discrimination. His work has earned him numerous awards and recognition, including:
• JFF Labs 2020 Innovator To Watch
• Forbes 30 under 30 2019 Social Entrepreneur
• Technical.ly’s Invention Of The Year 2019
• ILP's Learning Technology of the Year 2019
• Halcyon Social Impact Fellow
• Remarkable Inclusive Tech Alumni
• Optus Future-Maker
• Develop Pacific 30 under 30, 2019.
• Brisbane’s Lord Mayor Grant Recipient.
• DevDiner’s Emerging Tech Inspiration for 2017
• DevDiners Top AR Inspiration for 2016
• UoW Alumni Magazine Featured Student, The Outlook.
Brennan is also supported by an incredible team, including:
Narrative Director, Wilson Taylor.
A video game writer who has brought laughter, romance, and tears to multiple millions of people globally with his inventive narratives. His work ranges from video games to books, comics & visual novels.
Platform Support.
For general feedback and questions, please leave a comment on the community page. For press, contact brennan@brennanhatton.com
Purchase
In order to download this game you must purchase it at or above the minimum price of $12.82 USD. You will get access to the following files:
Development log
- 0.21. - The Apeiron Enchiridion.Mar 20, 2021
- Global Game Jam 2021 - and details on next UpdateJan 31, 2021
- Community first, by caring about salesApr 25, 2020Every cat owner knows that cats believe themselves superior to humans, except for the lack of opposable thumbs. In England, a cat decided that it could play soccer just as well as the human players. In the middle of a game, a cat decided to walk out on the field and roam around, halting play temporarily until the security personnel could grab the cat and take it off the field.
While it’s illegal for humans to wander on to a field in the middle of a sports match, cats can apparently do this with impunity, which once again demonstrates the superiority of cats over human beings.
Click here to watch the video on YouTube if you can’t see it above.Two weeks until the 2019 Charlotte Career Fair on 6/27
There's two weeks left before the Charlotte Career Fair on Thursday, June 27, 2019. Here's a flyer to remind you of the upcoming event, Charlotte Charlotte employers. Want to see jobs currently available in your area? Visit our jobs page.
Charlotte Career Fair
Thursday, June 27, 2019
11:00 AM - 2:00 PM
Embassy Suites by Hilton Charlotte Ayrsley
1917 Ayrsley Town Blvd
Charlotte, NC 28273Visit our Disaster Notifications page to learn more about AC Alerts, your critical connection for disaster alerts in Alameda County.
Benefits of 2-1-1 Before, During, and After a Disaster
- Emergencies call for a central source of information where the public can turn to get or give help. 2-1-1 will be that place for our community.
- 2-1-1 is a vital piece of the community safety infrastructure. In the event of a regional disaster, 2-1-1 will be mobilized as a central source for information on relief and recovery resources.
- When disaster strikes, 2-1-1 will be there to connect you to information, relief and recovery resources. We’ll help you access essential information before, during, and after a natural disaster or terrorist attack, to answer your questions and provide a central place for updated information as conditions change. No more searching to find the number for the countless hotlines that spring up during a crisis. One call to 2-1-1 will connect you with a friendly voice and put you on the path to the information you need.
- 2-1-1 simplifies access to emergency services by eliminating the need for people to struggle with hundreds of government and nonprofit telephone numbers.
- 2-1-1 reduces 9-1-1 non-emergency call volume and unnecessary ambulance dispatches, allowing for faster response to life threatening emergencies, and also resulting in cost savings.
- States like Arizona have included 2-1-1 services as a goal in Homeland Security plans since 2-1-1 complements emergency lines by freeing emergency workers to handle threats to life/property.
How Eden I&R Can Help Before a Disaster
- Our Connections
As a result of the agency’s role in the aftermath of the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake and the 1991 Berkeley/Oakland Hills Firestorm, Eden I&R is recognized as a major link among disaster planning alliances locally and statewide.
Eden I&R is a member of regional and local organizations, such as the NorCAL and Alameda County chapters of VOAD (Voluntary Organizations Active in Disasters), ALCO-EMA (Alameda County Emergency Manager’s Association), and EMADPC (Emergency Management and Disaster Preparedness Council), among others. Eden I&R holds two seats at the Alameda County Emergency Operations Center (EOC) during an activation.
- Training
Eden I&R, as an instrumental founding member of CARD – Collaborating Agencies Responding to Disasters, is able to offer CARD’s interactive, empowering, positive, and relevant preparedness curriculum. It is specifically designed to meet the needs of nonprofits and non-governmental agencies that act as trusted messengers for communities with special needs. See Disaster Preparedness Trainings for more details about training programs.
During a Disaster
- DIAL 2-1-1 for Disaster Response Information & Referral
- One Call For Help
- During and after a disaster, people in impacted areas can call 2-1-1 to get current and accurate information about where to go, what to do, and how to help.
- 2-1-1 is an easy-to-remember, 3-digit telephone number people can call and get connected to a live operator.
- Multi-lingual operators are equipped with the latest databases of essential health, housing, and human services information before, during, and after a natural disaster or terrorist attack.
- This FREE service is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year.
Why call 2-1-1 instead of 9-1-1?
When disaster strikes, 9-1-1 is the number to call for life threatening situations requiring immediate attention. 2-1-1 is the number to call for critical information such as locations of emergency shelters, closed transportation routes, locations and hours of disaster relief services, assistance with temporary housing, and other basic social needs.
Information Available From 2-1-1 During a Disaster
- Location of emergency shelters
- Which freeways, roads and bridges are closed
- Location and hours of disaster relief services
- Where to find food and water
- How to locate family and friends
Information Available From 2-1-1 After a Disaster
- Where to find temporary housing
- How to access other government resources
- How to volunteer to help
- How to make a donation
- How to locate counseling and relief services
A Proven Approach – Specific examples of how 2-1-1 has Helped
- We know that 2-1-1 works in a disaster. During the Katrina/Rita crisis, people in Mississippi had no central location to obtain vital information. By contrast, people in Louisiana and Texas called the 2-1-1 number for help.
- In the days after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Connecticut’s 2-1-1 system fielded calls from victims, their families, and worried members of the public seeking help for themselves and opportunities to help others. Callers who couldn’t get through to the Red Cross found answers at 2-1-1, which sent messengers on foot to get the latest news from the overwhelmed relief agencies. In Atlanta, where thousands of airline passengers were stranded when air traffic was grounded, 2-1-1 became the place to call and offer a room to weary travelers.
- During Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Monroe, LA 2-1-1 received 4,000-6,000 calls/day; & Texas 2-1-1 received 18,000 calls/day.
- During the 2004 hurricanes, Florida’s 2-1-1 averaged 200 calls/hour; 5,000 calls/day.
- In 2003, people in Toronto called 2-1-1 to get quick referrals and information about the SARS epidemic, relieving the Public Health Department of calls that could be referred elsewhere.
- After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, in Connecticut, which had 2-1-1, 95 percent of all calls for mental health counseling, volunteering, and other services went to 2-1-1. New York did not have 2-1-1 and 400 new information lines were created resulting in confusion and waste of resources.COVID-19: What's next for Singapore's SMEs after the pandemic?
COVID-19 has engulfed the world, bringing uncertainties and widespread fear, and a global recession along with it. Its effects are worse for some and not as bad for others, but the speculation, reports and headlines are enough for practically everyone to at least be aware of the pandemic and its impact by now.
Fortunately, financial aid and government support have been made readily available for companies in Singapore, and businesses are continuing to reinforce their finances and support their employees. Businesses are pushing forward, while having precautions and safe distancing measures in place, and strategizing for the near future.
So, how are Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in Singapore fairing right now, and how might they work to ensure financial stability moving forward?
Utilizing government aid
SMEs in Singapore may be considered fortunate when it comes to the Government providing some semblance of support that comes in the form of aid to fund business operations or relieve financial burdens. There was a steep learning curve way back in the early 2000s when the previous SARs outbreak led to major concerns about finances among people in the country. Since then, the Singaporean leadership has been busy with precautionary measures for if an event like that were to happen again - and it did.
The Ministry of Finance announced the Wage Credit Scheme (WCS), which aims to support businesses and encourage productivity gains with local employees, let SMEs receive approximately 70% of its funding. It provided over S$600 million in payouts, which also helped to co-fund about 15% of qualifying wage increases given in 2017, 2018 and 2019 to over 700,000 employees who were earning gross monthly wages of up to S$4,000 (based on Budget 2020 enhancement, the gross monthly wages have been increased to S$5,000). SMEs do not have to apply formally for the WCS benefits, however, they will need PayNow Corporate or GIRO if they wish to receive the funds. Some of you may have already received the relevant letters from the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS).
Aside from this, there are also other support programmes from the government, such as the Jobs Support Scheme (JSS) which provides wage support for employers to retain their local employees by relieving their cash flow. How JSS works is that the government co-funds the first S$4,600 of gross monthly wages paid to each employee for 10 months, with levels of support varying for different sectors. Payouts are in April, May, July and October 2020. There is also no need to apply for the JSS as you will be notified by IRAS on the tier of support and amount payable to your company.
Read also: COVID-19 Fortitude Budget: Enhancements to Jobs Support Scheme
Read also: COVID-19: 7 Government Support and Grant That Help SMEs Stay Afloat
Thriving in the new norm
In order for SMEs to push past the pandemic and continue with business as usual, it's important that they recognise the measures necessary to ride through potentially disastrous periods containing health hazards. The Business Continuity Plan (BCP) is a great example of this effort, and most businesses may have already incorporated this plan ever since the 2003 SARs pandemic. In essence, the plan is used to help ensure that both employees and employers, as well as their relevant assets, are all protected. This effectively helps companies function as seamlessly as possible.
One of the most common and simple ways to implement a measure like this in your company is to deploy a work-from-home (WFH) policy that can help reduce the exposure of the coronavirus within a physical work premise. In fact, many prominent brands like Google and Facebook have already begun designing policies for remote work to help their workers stay safe and productive. Tech companies are in the best position to deploy a remote working structure, while other SMEs in different sectors might require more planning beforehand.
Read also: 7 Ways To Improve Productivity When Working From Home 2020
Safety and productivity measures
In-line with the WFH policies that SMEs need to instil, business owners need to identify a few factors that would help to make the process smoother. Assess the suitability and level of readiness of employees based on factors like data privacy concerns, the nature of work and the systems that need to be put in place for better software and hardware compatibility.
If you're going to deploy remote working initiatives, then ensure that the digital infrastructure you've set up has good security measures, user-friendly interfaces (preferably one with cloud-capabilities) and good internet connectivity among your employees.
We don't know how long the new normal will last, which is why SMEs need to communicate with and accommodate their workers and teams as thoroughly as possible. Create a detailed policy so that the company and its employees are on the same page.
Read also: Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG) Singtel Laptop Bundle: Latest Updates and FAQs
Developing and restructuring the workforce
Concurrently, it's important to train and develop a workforce that is educated enough to work-from-home. Workforce Singapore (WSG) has come up with the Adapt & Grow programme which aims to help SMEs acquire training support for optimised remote working capabilities, as well as wage subsidies to keep people financially stable until they see it through to the end of the pandemic.
One of such initiatives is the Work-Life Grant, which aims to promote work-life harmony for employees. Although application for the Enhanced Work-Life Grant (Covid-19) has ended, SMEs can still apply for the existing Work-Life Grant to implement Flexible Work Arrangements (FWAs) such as compressed work week, part time work, time banking and rotating shifts. This incentive provides funding of S$2,000 for every local worker on FWAs, up to S$70,000 over 2 years.
In fact, WSG is also working with efforts in conjunction with the Singapore Economic Development Board and other parties to introduce a redeployment programme to help various supply chain and logistics companies manage their employees’ readiness. It could last up to three months and comprises planned educational initiatives to help employees reskill and prepare their futures, as continued disruption is predicted across many industries.
Read also: How SMEs Can Benefit From Work Life Grant 2020
SMEs need to manage costs
Cash flow management is a big factor for surviving this Covid-19 pandemic and bouncing back from the economic drop long after. There's very little chance for SMEs to carry on normally, especially when revenue sources are dried up and savings, additional funding or other forms of financial reinforcements are absent.
For this reason, SME companies in Singapore will need to consider taking measures for cutting costs in order to stay out of the red and continue business operations. Come up with a cost-cutting strategy that entails freezing certain payment terms, minimising unnecessary expenses (like travel) and reducing operating hours so active expenses are curbed. These steps won't be easy to carry out, but they are important if companies want to avoid bigger problems that could lead to layoffs and other painful processes.
The next most common way for SMEs to ease cash flow during this economic downturn is to seek business financing. Fortunately in Singapore, we have government-assisted financing schemes such as the Temporary Bridging Loan Programme, which helps businesses in all sectors to have access to working capital up to S$5 million, and interest rates capped at 5% per annum.
There are also a barrage of alternative loan options to either help fortify reduced cash reserves, beef up capital or settle outstanding expenses before things get worse.
Read also: 8 Common Questions SMEs Have About the Temporary Bridging Loan Programme
Read also: COVID-19: The Rise of Alternative Lending
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------!Saudi)Get Price. Read More.Get Price
Made in Saudi Arabia Crushers Directory - Offering Wholesale Saudi Arabian Crushers from Saudi Arabia Crushers Manufacturers, crusher bevel gears. Crusher Wear Parts from Col Little Squeeze . Top Videos. trisodium phosphate(tsp) Jaw Crusher 900*1200Get Price.Get PriceGet Price
Saudi Arabia's FDI in the United States (stock) was $6.2 billion in 2019, down 10.0% from 2018. There is no information on the distribution of Saudi Arabia FDI in the U.S. Sales of services in Saudi Arabia by majority U.S.-owned affiliates were $4.3 billion in 2017 (latest data available), while sales ofGet Price
spares crusher spleeCrusher parts in saudiGet Price
Ras Tanura (Arabic: رأس تنورة , romanized: Ra's Tannūrah, lit. 'cape oven, cape brazier', presumably due to the unusual heat prevalent at the cape that projects into the sea) is a city in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia located on a peninsula extending into the Persian Gulf.The name Ras Tanura applies both to a gated Saudi Aramco employee compound (also referred to as NajmahGet Price.Get Price
The Global Crusher Ltd Saudi Arabia. saudi arabia rock crusher, saudi arabia rock crusher Alibaba offers 877 saudi arabia rock crusher products About 60% of these are Crusher, 3% are Mining Machinery Parts A wide variety of saudi arabia rock crusher options are available to you, such as . Get Price. Get PriceGet Price
For all your quires related to Honda in Saudi Arabia, contact Abdullah Hashim Company Ltd, the official sole Honda dealer distributor in Saudi Arabia. Visit our showroom located in Saudi ArabiaGetGet Price
Apr 08, 2021IncludingGet $8 billion of this budget would be used in development of 3,700 km of roads.Get Price Plant in SaudiGet Price
hammer crusher saudi arabia for sale..Get Price
all spare parts for cone crusher in riyadhGet Price.Get.Get Price. More DetailsGet Price:Get Price
Babatin Auto Spare Parts CO., (BAP) was established almost three decades ago with a strong foundation in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We provide a wide range of auto spare parts of world renowned brands meeting the highest quality of OEM products, exclusively imported from Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Thailand 20, 2014
Apr 11, 2013crusher plant spare parts suppliers in saudi arabia. The Zenith is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world, located in China,India, along withGet Price
Saudi Arabia Crusher Saudi Arabia Stone Crusher Plant Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher Design For Quarry Project. $14,900.00/ Set. 1 Set (Min. Order) 3 YRS CN. Supplier. 5.0 (8) |.Get Price
China Crushers In Saudi Arab. Crushers Plants In AbhaGet Price 14 Mercedes Dump Trucks and 16 Mercedes DumpGet PriceAida)
Aida)
Performance transcends everything. Thursday night, it transcended language.
Aida Cuevas, the “Queen of Mariachi,” came to the Jorgensen Center for the Performing Arts and delivered one of the best concerts I’ve ever seen, disregarding my lack in knowledge of Spanish. She was accompanied by a mariachi band, complete with violins, trumpets, accordion, congas and guitar.
The hour and a half long show can be summed up in one word: A spectacle. From the instant Cuevas strutted on stage in a flowing red dress, the audience was beguiled by her presence. Without a lick of hesitation, she launched into a packed setlist of her biggest hits and more. A highlight came in the second half of the show, where Cuevas performed a digital duet with legendary Mexican singer Juan Gabriel, who passed away two years ago. The two traded crooning lines, much to the delight of the audience.
The back-and-forth relationship between Cuevas and her enraptured crowd was something to behold. I lost track of how many times she stopped singing and let the crowd belt out a chorus. Through the entire night, Cuevas didn’t even look like she was performing. She looked like she was at a party, and the patrons at Jorgensen were her esteemed guests.
Something that makes an artist truly special is how they treat their backing performers. Cuevas’s ability to shed the spotlight, both literally and figuratively, was beautiful. She stepped back to let her backing band perform solos, vocal and instrumental, adding an element of three-dimensionality to the night. During her costume changes, the backing band became the main attraction, as the violinists became vocalists, serenading the crowd with Mexican anthems. On that note, the entire night celebrated Mexican culture with bravado. Between the green, red and white stage lights to the traditional dress of the performers, the entire audience was transported from Mansfield to Mexico City, Cuevas’s hometown. The cherry on top of the cultural display has to go to a woman near the front of the crowd, who periodically flew her handheld tricolor Mexican flag to the music. Sensational.
“The entire night was beautiful,” Brandon Barzola, first-semester English major, said. “I don’t listen to mariachi often, but it was interesting to delve into Mexican culture and learn more about it through its music.”
When asked about the fantastic audience participation, Barzola was enthusiastic. “It’s a great display of pride for their country and their culture.”
“Tonight was awesome,” Adam Romo, Wallingford resident and executive director of the Mariachi Academy of New England, said. “A lot of the songs she sang were traditional songs that go way back for a lot of the audience, so a lot of the people who were singing grew up with the music. It’s a memory for them, so naturally they sing along. It’s really nice that UConn is able to bring this much cultural diversity to the state and bring performers like Aida Cuevas to the campus. It’s important.”
Cuevas ended the night to multiple standing ovations and an encore, finishing her setlist with the popular Mexican song “Cielito Lindo,” before shouting “Viva Mexico” to the crowd and departing to the roar of the Jorgensen crowd. Bravo.
Cuevas’s latest album, “Totalmente Juan Gabriel, Vol. II” is available on most music and streaming services. Don’t miss it!
Daniel Cohn is a campus correspondent for The Daily Campus. He can be reached via email at daniel.cohn@uconn.edu.09 Jun 5 easy steps to finding content for social media
Posted at 07:11h in Integrated Marketing, Social Media 14 CommentsOn Monday I wrote about services firms that were missing a huge opportunity by ignoring social media. But I truly do get it...it's hard to find time to sit down and post good stuff on a regular basis. And if you provide consulting or other services where your expertise must be proven at all times - you can't just have the admin do it. But face it - social media is here to stay and you need to jump in, even if it's only in a small way. Most people start out by thinking that they have to provide all the content themselves and this is simply not true. Here are some easy ways to find good content for your social media networks - and how to make it easier.From
Miami, Florida, USA
aka State of Florida & School Adv Studies-South
Rookie Year: 2014
Last competed in 2020
Details on firstinspires.org
Team 5329 was 3-7-0 in official play in 2018.
in West Palm Beach, FL 33401, USA
to Week 5
Team 5329 was Rank 51 with a record of 3-7-0Watch All Matches
No photos or videos for team 5329 from 2018... Why not add one?
No CAD for team 5329 from 2018... Why not add some?Mantras give you the ability to shift your mindset
As we begin to close out one of the most challenging and stressful years on record, it’s important to figure out what tools and guidance you need as you prepare for next year.
One tool I like to leverage? Mantras. They can be so powerful, especially when they directly relate to a specific issue you’re facing. Mantras have been used for thousands of years in various schools of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism as a way to adopt a more positive, empowering mindset.
We all have an internal voice speaking to us constantly. Often, it’s not our friend. It spews endless negativity and turns us into our own worst enemy. And while you can’t get rid of your internal voice, you can change it with discipline and practice.
And, truthfully, it’s not that hard to do. You simply replace the pessimistic messaging with positive thoughts that, repeated often enough, will make you feel clear, confident, powerful, and at peace.
To make things a bit easier for you, I’ve put together a list of 50 mantras I’ve created for various client-specific issues over the years. My hope is that one (or more!) can help you rewire your thinking and create positive change in your life.
Self-Worth
- Who I am is all that’s needed to create the success I desire.
- I am powerful and valuable.
- I can create the life, career, relationship, and success I desire.
- I don’t need anything else other than who I am to feel successful.
- I can make the change I desire.
- My ideas and thoughts are valuable.
- My emotional desires are part of who I am.
- People who know me well should and will value my work.
- My instinct and truth guide me.
- My work is valuable, helpful, and important to those who need it.
- My wants and needs are important.
- My ideas are important.
- My voice needs to be heard.
- The world needs me to be who I am.
- The more unique I am, the better.
- Only those who value who I am deserve my loyalty.
- I deserve to be seen and understood.
- My value is not conditional on external validation.
- Results don’t define my value.
- Caring about what others think is the death of my identity.
Finances
- I can create the financial success I desire.
- I don’t need anyone or anything in order to provide value and be adequately compensated.
- My time is worth money.
- My value deserves adequate compensation.
- Getting paid for my value is my birthright.
- My pricing is my value.
- Money will always come.
- I will always have enough.
- I don’t work for free.
- Equal pay is my demand.
Relationships
- My emotional desires matter.
- Who I am is not up for compromise.
- I deserve to be loved.
- Love is a verb.
- My partnership is my path to potential.
Career
- I appreciate and value who I am.
- Careers are always non-linear.
- Failures are an opportunity to learn and grow.
- My potential is outside of my comfort zone.
- Finding work I love is non-negotiable.
- Others want me to work for them.
- I can start my own business.
- Success will come, if that’s what I desire.
- My parents are not my career coaches.
- Change is the path to potential.
Connecting With Others
- Expressing myself doesn’t hurt others.
- Expression equals connection.
- Others want to know me.
- Sharing who I am with someone is a great gift.
- My vulnerability is my path to connection and strength.
Of course, these mantras are not meant to diminish your feelings or take away from the seriousness of certain situations. Life is incredibly hard sometimes. But no matter what you face, these sayings will help you move forward in the most positive way possible, all while staying grounded and true to who you are.Newington, N.H. (July 3 2017) – SIG SAUER, Inc., The Complete Systems Provider™, unveils the MCX VIRTUS in 5.56 NATO and 300 BLK, a platform engineered and built to be the most adaptive, accurate and longest-lasting rifle available.
The original SIG MCX rifle, conceived for the demands of the Special Operations community, quickly became known in the firearms world because of its durable performance and end-user configurability. To enhance the design, SIG received feedback from Special Operations units throughout the world and made the most advanced rifle ever built, even better. The result is the MCX VIRTUS.
“SIG has supplied firearms to meet the unique demands of specialized units for decades,” said Ron Cohen, President and CEO of SIG SAUER. “Similar to the P320®.
Built by SIG for professionals and shooters of any level, the MCX VIRTUS is ready for any mission.
For more information about the SIG MCX VIRTUS, please visit sigsauer.com/virtus.Employment Application
Hodges Ford is located in Darien/Brunswick, Georgia. Our new state-of-the art facility give us the necessary tools to serve our customers and employees at a higher standard.
A Winning Career is the most important investment you can make in yourself. If you feel you can add to our success, contact us today. The compensation we offer can be highly rewarding!
Job Openings
We are seeking an ASE Certified
Benefits
- $1,500/$3,000 Signing and Relocation Bonus Based on Experience
- Plus $1,000 Credit for Tool Truck after 30 Days for First Ford Line Tech
- Flat Rate Based on Experience and Certifications
- Performance Based Pay Plans
- Performance Bonuses
- Prescription, Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance
- Accident & Critical Illness, Short Term and Long Term Disability Insurance
- Profit Sharing
- 401(k) Retirement Plan
- Paid Holidays, Paid Vacations and Paid Time Off
- Tool Purchase Assistance Program
- Reimbursement for ASE Certification
- Paid Training
- Paid Uniforms
- Flexible Scheduling
- Employee Vehicle and Parts Purchase Programs
Our growing Sales department is looking for ambitious, goal oriented individuals to join our team. No automotive experience required. Experienced customer service and retail sales professionals looking for an opportunity to grow and develop your career apply here!
Responsibilities
- Enhance the customer buying process by performing high-quality, professional, and knowledgeable presentation and demonstration of vehicles
- Prepare and present demo vehicles so latest technology is enabled and ready for display
- Supply customer with product performance and benefits
- Build strong rapport with customers
- Assist with lead generation by managing incoming email leads and set appointments for vehicle demonstrations over email and text communication
- Prepare email collateral for clients in anticipation of scheduled appointments, making sure clients are informed before they walk into the dealership@Generated(value="OracleSDKGenerator", comments="API Version: 20200430") public class BaseType extends Object
Base type for the type system.","parentRef","name","objectStatus","description"}) @Deprecated protected BaseType(String key, String modelVersion, ParentReference parentRef, String name, Integer objectStatus, String description)
public String getKey()
The key of the Integer getObjectStatus()
The status of an object that can be set to value 1 for shallow references across objects, other values reserved.
public String getDescription()
A user defined description for the object.
public boolean equals(Object o)
equalsin class
Object
protected boolean canEqual(Object other)
public int hashCode()
hashCodein class
Object
public String toString()
toStringin class
ObjectI just got my first monthly report from Whoop, it’s analyzed the excess amount of vitals it’s taken 24 hours a day in October and set that data against things I’ve input, like when I’ve done pranayama, yoga, meditation, and other stuff like if I was hydrated or got a massage and having quantitative results about how those things directly affected my health is ASTOUNDING!
Because OBVIOUSLY we know these things are good for us, there’s absolutely no shock there. But somehow having these specifics I’m like, now I can’t not do these things. Right? Because I know exactly the cost of not doing them on my health, and my health is already somewhat precarious because of the OTS. I remember when I found out that aspartame turns into formaldehyde in your body and I never drank Diet Coke again. Hopefully, now that I know exactly how good these are for me, I’ll be more reliable about doing them. Anyway, here’s some highlights:
The single biggest overall impact across the board was pranayama. It dropped my resting heart rate by 3bpm (which is pretty accurate because they measure it constantly while you’re sleeping then take the average, versus most people measure it once in the morning), increased my heart rate variability (a more reliable tell of your nervous system’s health) by 16ms (which is good, you want lower heart rate but higher variability), increased my sleep duration by an average of 17 MINUTES, and also increased my time spent in REM sleep.
When I did yoga, there were positive effects on my heart rate and variability, meditation had substantial effects on my heart rate variability and total sleep time, hydration also had really high numbers (decreased RHR by 3, increased HRV by 9, and +15minutes sleep), and massage (Tim and I massage each other sometimes before bed, it’s not like a full length pro massage even) had a pretty big impact, decreasing HR by 3, improving HRV by 14, and +6 minutes of sleep. I definitely think this data will go a long way towards motivating me to continue these good habits!
Okay so I mentioned last time that I just found out my nervous system problems are a subset of a whole spectrum of problems called Sympathetic Dominance, and it has to do with being too intense. Last night, I was doing an old recorded Baron Baptiste class and I had this sudden realization, this intense stuff is not serving me, even if I love it, and it’s most familiar to me. I need to soften, let go, move slowly. I love tapas and I have extreme respect what it does but fire fire fire, burn out the garbage, etc, is just fueling my sympathetic nervous system and the imbalance that’s already there. While I’ve done a lot to improve the situation for my nervous system to be more balanced, I still have things to work on obviously.
So they say you can stimulate your parasympathetic nervous system, which is the calming, rest and digest side, by doing breathwork where your exhales are longer than your inhales. A couple things in particular I read will help strengthen or stimulate the parasympathetic is 4-7-8 count inhale, retention, exhale, and alternate nostril breathing with equal inhales and retentions, and double exhales (that would look like 4-4-8-4), and sometimes I skip the retentions and just do a four count in and eight out. So I’ve noticed I struggle with retention now, I’m pretty out of practice with intense pranayama.
I read in Desikachar’s book that if your heart rate increases at all during retention, you shouldn’t be practicing it. “The breath should never be held if there is a sudden increase in the pulse rate. Heartbeat and respiration are interdependent and if the breathing is poor, the pulse increases. There are psychological reasons for this rule, too. Many people are very nervous about their hearts and a rapid increase in their pulse rate may cause anxiety. The guiding principle is htat holding our breath should never make us uneasy, but rather we should be able to observe quietly the quality of our breathing.” Which is from Heart of Yoga again, as far as I know, Desikachar only wrote the one book.
So basically, what’s really hard about all this is, you’re trying to stimulate your parasympathetic nervous system by breathing slower in general, and doing these specific pranayama practices also, and by doing that you hope to create a calming effect on your whole body, including your heart. But, retention also stresses your heart and might increase your heart rate temporarily. I guess it’s all a part of yoga, right, where you’re trying to do increasingly complicated poses without compromising your smooth, long, steady breathing. It’s all a practice, and sometimes a struggle, and hopefully by the end we’ll be calmer. Really, all of this comes down to sthira/sukha, strength and softness, trying to find balance.
I did a guided meditation on Insight Timer afterward where a woman taught me to use vibration to stimulate my nervous system by singing “voo” much like we sing/chant aum. I did feel calmer afterward, but it’s always hard to pinpoint exactly why. I’ve already read that singing in general stimulates the vagus nerve, and that singing in groups improved peoples’ heart rate variability.
In any case, at least I’ve got physiological data to back up that even though the pranayama is increasing my heart rate and I’m struggling with it, it’s having significant positive affects on my cardiovascular system and sleep! And I’ve already noticed that having the numbers to back up what I already knew about how good these practices are for me is motivating me to actually complete them.Her Slippers
Who let the dogz out? We did!
Every slipper you see here is made with love by a British design team with materials sourced from around the globe. You'll find a memory foam footbed, durable soles- but most importantly you'll find style and comfort. Perfect for those lazy Sundays or those cosy evenings.
Showing 13 of 13 results
Pippin Mule£34.00
Bissie Grey Bulldog Design Slippers£15.00
Dasher Blue£34.00
Duchess Pink Slipper£34.00
Biscuit Slipper£34.00
Co Co Silver Poodle Design Mule Slippers£34.00
Co Co Shimmer Pink Poodle Design Mule Slippers£34.00
Bessie Pink Moccasin Slipper£39.00
Scottie II Mule£34.00
Tootsie Red Full Slipper£34.00
Bessie Grey Moccasin Slipper£39.00
Brook Grey Suede Slipper£39.00
Brook Pink Suede Slipper£39.00A Section 8 crisis in Durham: Too few landlords, too many tenants and a misdirection by the housing authority
October 29, 2015
This story was updated at 12:25 to add a comment from the Durham Housing Authority.
This story was updated at 2:45 to add a comment from the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
This is a story of Durham's affordability crisis: Marian Spicer, a teacher's aide in Durham Public Schools, earns $20,000–$24,000 a year, not even half of the county's annual median income. That salary level qualifies her for subsidized housing, which would be useful, except that her former apartment complex, Foxfire, on the north side, stopped taking Section 8 vouchers, Spicer told the Durham Housing Authority board last night.
And if she doesn't find a new place that accepts Section 8 recipients by Christmas, she will lose her voucher, go to the back of a very, very long waiting list and become homeless.
"It's almost impossible to find a one-bedroom in Durham," DHA CEO Dallas Parks said. "We're not the solution. It has to be a community solution."
Except that DHA could have the solution, at least a temporary one. DHA does not allow people who hold vouchers for one-bedroom units to use them for two-bedroom units, even if the subsidy covers enough of the cost. "We're empathetic," Parks added. "But we just administer the vouchers. We don't make the rules. We can't be in conflict with HUD."
Lorisa Seibel of Community Reinvestment Partners in Durham told the board she had heard neighboring counties allow voucher holders to upscale, so to speak. "We're asking you to change a policy that doesn't work in this county."
For Spicer, a more flexible voucher system could make the difference between having a home or couch surfing—or worse.
Parks said last night that he was unaware of any such upscaling policy, but that he would check.
But when I called the Raleigh Housing Authority this morning I learned that lo and behold, federal housing rules do allow voucher holders to "go up" by one bedroom, as long as the subsidy is sufficient. (The Orange County Housing Authority has not yet returned my call, but the agency is swamped because it is briefly opening its Section 8 waiting list.)
Updated: Rhega Taylor, who is in charge of the Housing Choices voucher program at DHA, said today that "the response provided by RHA is inconsistent with the regulations governing the program. "
I've contacted the Department of Housing and Urban Development for clarification.
Updated: Joseph Phillips of the HUD Office of Public Affairs told me in an email that "If there are no one bedrooms in the area the voucher holder can select a two bedroom unit as long as the voucher payment amount and utility allowance is that of a one bedroom."
So there you have it.
However, Parks is correct in that there are too few landlords who will accept Section 8 vouchers, or even HUD-VASH vouchers, which help homeless veterans. Within the past five years, the number of willing landlords has decreased by nearly 25 percent from 900 to 700, Councilman Steve Schewel said. (I reported on the local veterans' housing crisis for The N&O last month.)
Some landlords, knowing that they can command higher prices, are hiking the cost of one-bedrooms beyond what a voucher will cover. Other property owners don't want to navigate the inspection process and maintain their apartments to HUD's minimum code requirements. (And the regulations are not that onerous: one separate bathroom with hot and cold running water, functional locks on windows and doors, proper electrical wiring.) Other Section 8 units are limited to people 62 and older.
"The situation has gotten a lot worse because of the pressures in the housing market," said Schewel, who is the Council liaison to the DHA board. "The market has responded by creating one- and two-bedroom apartments that are beyond what the vouchers will cover."
That's not just anecdote. According to rentjungle.com, over the past six months the average rent has increased in Durham by $137, or 14.2 percent. As of August, a one-bedroom rented for about $939 a month, compared with $794 in February. Five years ago, a one-bedroom rental went for about $691.
"My mom needs a one-bedroom," Spicer's daughter, Shawnda, told the DHA board. "If you find one, it's a slum. I need my mom to have a safe place."
My analysis: Rents in Durham increased around $3.07 per month over the last ten years. However, over the last year, they've increased $11.63 per month. This is out of control.
Posted by: Rann | October 29, 2015 at 01:55 PM
"the response provided by RHA is inconsistent with the regulations governing the program. " Ah, good old fashioned bureaucratic double talk. Either the response is right or wrong.
However we learn from Lisa's legwork that the the response was not "inconsistent" at all.
It sounds like the people at Durham Housing Authority do not know what the HUD regulations are. How many Durham residents have become homeless due to the DHA staff not knowing their jobs?
DHA CEO Dallas Parks said. "We're not the solution...."
Bingo, Dallas Parks you aren't the solution you're actually part of the problem.
Posted by: Jeff Bakalchuck | October 30, 2015 at 12:03 AM
I'm sure there are lovely people who work for DHA. What I've heard from residents of DHA properties who interact with staff multiple times a month those would probably be the exception not expectation.
Posted by: Natalie | October 30, 2015 at 08:41 AM
Thank you for this excellent reporting and follow-up.
Posted by: Crystal | October 31, 2015 at 10:40 PM
What levers does the city have to induce more people to accept Section 8 vouchers if and when they decide to rent a property?
Posted by: Ram | October 31, 2015 at 11:16 PM
Ram, There really is no legal incentive or inducement that I'm aware of. Section 8 vouchers guarantee the landlords that the rent will be paid, but apparently that's not enough to convince them to accept the vouchers. I learned yesterday that the Orange County Housing Authority also allows one-bedroom voucher holders to upscale.
Posted by: Lisa Sorg | November 01, 2015 at 10:14 AM
Correction Lisa...Section 8 guarantees that the subsidized portion is paid. The tenant is responsible for a portion based on a certain percentage of their income.
The exceptional demand for rental housing is probably driving landlords to market rate rents. This wave is not permanent is largely related to the demographic bubble called the Millennials. There was an expansion of colleges and dorms...now expansion of apartments...eventually they will be purchasing homes (when their income/ debts stabilize). Hopefully in this scenario...rent specials will become more of the norm.
In the mean time, we need to make a measured dent in this situation without overreaching. And any solution will most likely be locally-led versus having significant funds from the Federal or State level.
Posted by: Khalid Hawthorne | November 03, 2015 at 10:10 PM
@Ram-
There is not currently an inducement, but it would be easy to imagine the city being able to create one. Inclusionary zoning is illegal in NC, but that doesn't mean the city can't offer inducements.
One such program I've heard tossed around through the years was to use the penny for housing fund to offer a 50% grant for repairs/maintenance of housing units that were in the section 8 program (taking the money would also put them on a list for annual rental inspections, so that the city could ensure the money was well spent in a business sector where there are many bad actors).
The city already offers 50% grants for other kinds of businesses, including recent grants for facade improvements on 9th street and the longstanding-but-now-apparently-over retail grants for downtown businesses. Of course, subsidizing Guy Solie and the like may not sit well with Durham residents.
Posted by: Rob G | November 04, 2015 at 07:28 AM
Rob G's last paragraph above is spot on. Renters = Good Guys and Landlords = Bad Guys in local political discussions. Any proposal to spend money to support for-profit rental housing gets shot down because it would go to landlords. And using the regulatory approach by raising standards on for-profit rentals, while certainly a good thing, means increased costs for the owner, who then raises the rent, etc. etc. Any desire progressives have to improve the for-profit rental situation (with or without section 8) as a way to help low income renters will require getting over our negative emotional reaction to putting money into landlords' property. I'm curious to see if that can happen here.
Disclosure: I rent out my old house in Burch Ave and have done so since moving in with my wife over a dozen years ago (I call it my Rental401(k). If we'd gone section 8 we wouldn't have had the money to put solar panels and other climate-disruption-fighting practices in place, nor money to donate to the local Land Trust. Can't have everything.
Posted by: Frank Hyman | November 04, 2015 at 09:49 AM
More specifically, Frank, it is this:
Non-profit Landlords = Good Guys and
For-profit Landlords = Bad Guys (in local political discussions.)
That's the PA's expressed position. By proxy, I guess it's now the city's position too.
Posted by: The Mgmt. | November 04, 2015 at 11:45 AM
@Frank, Rob, The Mgmt.: You know, this is a conversation I've been having with several friends lately.
I know there's a need for the city, DHA, and non-profits to design, build and deliver affordable housing, be it workforce housing, public housing, or housing for veterans, the homeless, etc.
But there will never be enough money to provide affordable housing, at the 60-80% AMI level, for everyone who needs it.
At a friend's house for brunch this week, I learned that Seattle has decided to focus its efforts on the below-60% AMI market, and to provide incentives, regulatory changes, etc. to incentivize the market to deliver workforce housing in the 60-100%+ AMI category.
It would be interesting to think through the models of how we could do something like this in Durham. Most particularly, how can we create a model where private parties -- and not just "big" local or regional/national scale developers and REITs, but even individuals here who might be looking for a local-scale investment -- are able to build and earn a reasonable return on market-rate affordable housing?
We'll have more on this topic in the coming weeks and months, but I'm talking with several folks about putting together a community conversation and charrette on the subject -- what can be done outside the governmental/non-profit space to deliver high-quality, sustainable affordable housing?
Posted by: Bull City Rising | November 04, 2015 at 03:56 PM
"But there will never be enough money to provide affordable housing, at the 60-80% AMI level, for everyone who needs it."
Unless you implement a progressive property tax system so that those who can afford extremely fancy homes (like, say, the recent penthouses that are going for something on the order of $1.5 million...) are forced to pay their actual dues. There are also other, less disruptive solutions. Add in potential matching grants from the feds, and it begins to seem like the idea that it can't be done is nothing less than defeatist.
As for having a charrette: good luck with that. In this era of white people wanting everyone around them to be 'polite', the sorts of confrontational community meetings that were so useful to this city in the 70's are next to impossible.
Or maybe I'm now being defeatist myself....
Posted by: Rann | November 04, 2015 at 04:41 PM
Shut up Rann.
See, it can happen.
Posted by: Natalie | November 04, 2015 at 05:32 PM
Oh crap. I just realized I assumed you identified as white. I'm really sorry Rann. Go ahead, what were you saying?
Posted by: Natalie | November 04, 2015 at 05:34 PM
@Rann: Not to nitpick, by the way (since I'm not sure how much you meant this as an opening to a policy discussion vs. just letting off steam -- shouldn't you be celebrating, anyway?) but this makes for a fun thought experiment! Really, let's do this.
A) If one wants to advocate for progressive taxes to pay for services like housing, why make a progressive property tax system in lieu of a progressive income tax system? Yes, setting aside for a moment that municipalities can't levy income taxes in Durham, if you're talking about any kind of progressive funding mechanism, income > property. Particularly since there aren't many of the kinds of properties you're talking about, to wit:
B) Is it possible to find a single $1.5 million condo that has sold in Durham? I know there are some proposed projects in the works, including a downtown skyscraper. But I'm not aware of any non-detached housing having ever sold for that price in Durham. If one is proposing a "penthouse tax" that will pay for affordable housing by levying a high tax rate on non-existent sales, one is not going to raise a lot of money.
C) Let's spitball what you could get out a broader tax. The only person I know of who tracked luxury home sales, Jay Zenner, hasn't updated his blog in a while. His last report, from 2010, noted that an average 30 homes sold over $700,000 per year in Durham. However, in 2010, only one home sold for over $1 million. At the time, Durham had 19% of the home market in the Triangle but 8% of the > $700k market, reflecting relative affordability next to Wake/Orange. (). Of course -- 2010 is when we were still in the doldrums of the recession and housing bust, even if our area was less-hit than others. (Note that his multiyear data precedes that to the housing boom.)
So, let's look at Zillow instead. Looking at your price point of $1.5 million and up, I see nothing in downtown, central Durham or north Durham that sold there in their "recently sold" filter. (There are some land sales that included house, and one very unlucky buyer of a tract home for $16.7 million -- that, of course, being a typo.) Hope Valley CC does have five home sales in that price range, and two homes for sale in that price range.
The point of this exercise is, trying to figure out how many houses there are in Durham that are actually in your estimated price range. Given the small number of listings, it's really hard to figure it out. The number you usually here is that people move every seven years, so if you took the annual sales and multiplied by 7, you'd guess the volume. I'm guessing the velocity of these sales is much slower, so just for the sake of argument, let's assume there are 200 homes in the City of Durham at that price point.
Just spitballing here: we have a shortage of workforce housing in this city, we all know that. What does it cost to build a 2 or 3 bedroom, 1 bath unit? That's part of what I'd like to find out; for now, let's estimate about $125,000 or so just to have a number to play with. (That's construction, land, entitlement, and so forth. That number could also be off by a factor of 25% either way, or 50% to 100% on the low side, perhaps.)
If we wanted in one year to add, say, 1,000 more affordable housing units in Durham -- Section 8 units as well as affordable market rate housing -- that's $125 million in construction cost, plus the human effort to administer that activity. That latter number probably adds in a significant burden to the cap-ex, but we won't consider it here.
To garner $125 million in a year from 200 owners of $1.5 million+ single family homes -- since we don't have any $1.5 million condos for sale in Durham -- we'd have to levy each homeowner a one-time tax of $625,000 each to raise that money. Or, if we assumed we could make debt payments on the capital expenditure -- $62,500 each per year. Since one of these homes is probably paying $21,000 per year in property tax right now, we'd be quadrupling their annual tax burden.
Naturally, this is likely to create some distortion in the local housing market.
And more to the point, that's the cost just to add an arbitrary number of 1,000 units. If 2.5 people live in each unit, that benefits less than 1% of the city's population. We probably need 10x that number.
Sure, taxes and sources like Federal grants can help. Of course they can. At the same time: we're most recently talking about one tax credit application per year, that DHA and Self-Help both need, to each generate 100 units of housing.
Yes, that absolutely needs to happen.
But if we can find a way to actually encourage builders -- for-profit as well as not-for-profits -- to construct affordable housing, and find ways to make sure they stay affordable and get into the Section 8 inventory, that's pretty powerful stuff.
Oh, and have the benefit of keeping the units on the tax-rolls, producing property tax revenue every year.
This is actually an interesting and fun conversation to have. (Hey, you. Stop looking at me with that nerd-scorn.) Let's do it IRL, as the kids would say, and see if there's ways we're not thinking of to solve this.
Posted by: Bull City Rising | November 04, 2015 at 05:54 PM
We need a B-Corp developer and a pool of patient capital. The full $125M would not have to come from the public sector. 50% may work but I can't run the numbers right now. The idea is to have cash flow exceed principal and interest payments by 1.1 - 1.2 times...Basically a 10-20% profit. The profit would be necessary to reinvest in to future projects and provide a modest return on the patient capital.
So say we need $70M in patient capital. It is totally plausible that you would only need $7-10M from public sources and raise the remainder from Bank CRA, foundation PRI Loans and Low-Interest Corporate loans or convertible notes. The goal would be to have a cost of capital around 2% or less probably with a term of around 7-10 years. These dollars could be considered philanthropic with a low return.
This capital would be more flexible and available than the LIHTC as well as CDBG funds.
Adding 1000 workforce units would probably have an interesting effect on the broader market. Subpar Class C units would be less attractive and probably sold and renovated or they could just lower their rent and not maintain their property...
Interesting discussion BCR!
Posted by: Khalid Hawthorne | November 04, 2015 at 08:56 PM
Let's back up to this original description of a progressive property tax system, above:
"...Unless you implement a progressive property tax system so that those who can afford extremely fancy homes (like, say, the recent penthouses that are going for something on the order of $1.5 million...) are forced to pay their actual dues."
A REGRESSIVE system would demand each household pays the same flat amount (say $3000 in property tax) regardless of house value/size. But that's not how our system works. In Durham a house valued at 1,500,000 pays 10 times the property tax of a house valued at $150,000.
Rann, could you clarify your definition of what you think a PROGRESSIVE property tax system is?
Posted by: Al | November 04, 2015 at 09:27 PM
One possibility is exempting the first, say, $100,000 of property value from taxation. With protections against breaking real estate up into sub-$100,000 bits, of course.
Posted by: Will Wilson | November 05, 2015 at 08:36 AM
I've assumed that when people talk about affordable/workforce/deserving poor housing I've assumed they mean rental.
Imagine what $125k could do to purchase current rentals, fix them to code, and sell them back to the current renters in East Durham. Also, add in a pile of money to fix problems that emerge over the first 10 years of home ownership. Build a land trust. Reform the Durham Housing Authority (again).
Thing is, many people, when given the option to purchase in the areas they've lived forever do not want to. I tried for 5 years to convince neighbors who had rented for more than a decade in Cleveland Holloway, had steady jobs and ok credit to purchase a house in Cleveland Holloway. They patiently listened, but would always insist if they wanted to buy a house, they were going to do it in a nice part of town like S. Durham where it's clean and new.
Poor people are entitled to make choices about where they live too. Affordable housing needs to be spread throughout the city, not concentrated around and in downtown - both for the concentration effect, but also to delight the preferences of those who want to rent or own.
Posted by: Natalie | November 05, 2015 at 08:41 AM
Cheers that, Natalie.
And yes, it's remarkable that no one in Durham is lobbying for affordable housing in the suburbs.
Before we stack and pack sub-80% AMI citizens, maybe we should survey:
What would you prefer for YOUR family:
A) a 700sf urban apartment with no private greenspace? OR
B) a 1500sf home with a yard?
Posted by: Al | November 05, 2015 at 09:52 AM
Al, I was thinking the same thing this morning. Downtown probably doesn't appeal to many people with young children. I lived at a rental condo in downtown many years ago. It was great until I realized I really need grass and a garden to be happy. Natalie,
Interesting about people in East Durham not necessarily wanting to stay even if they can be home owners. It makes sense. If you have seen too much crime and still have neighbors and surrounding property that isn't very nice of course you would prefer to move.
Posted by: Carol Henderson | November 05, 2015 at 10:53 AM
Great discussion, all. Just a couple of thoughts to add:
My general philosophy on affordable housing is an "all of the above" mentality. We need to have affordable central Durham purchase options, affordable central Durham rental options, and similar affordable options in the suburban areas.
Al's dislike of "stack and pack" aside, I do think that it's important that we think about the role density plays. If you want to keep things truly affordable, it's hard to discount the role that duplexes or even higher densities can play. You can more easily leverage land and infrastructure costs. No, that can't be the only solution but it should be one option.
I think it's good to provide ownership and rental options. Groups like Habitat do phenomenal work helping to keep ownership expenses low. With that said, there's also always the unexpected expense risk it can have on a homeowner. Those are appropriately individual choices, which is why we need both.
Natalie, you do raise an interesting point about folks' not wanting to stay in the neighborhood. That's a different side to the narrative of gentrification. I don't think it's a universal view but it would underscore the importance of listening to feedback from communities.
In re affordable housing and the suburbs -- I would argue that markets have been providing this in areas. The Wynterfield townhouses, south of NCCU on NC 55 near RTP, have units now selling in the $128-$150k range (resale.) There are similar (and lower) prices in the Woodcroft area, too, and in the Guess and Horton corridors. Lower land costs and probably weaker demand in these areas contribute. Of course, ability to access transit, bike lanes and other features has a crucial role to play in increasing family wealth, say by allowing a two-earner family to have one car if needed.
@Will: It would take some work to delve into tax policy, but I'll note that while an attractive idea, those models can have challenges. Florida's homestead exemption system and Save Our Homes cap on property tax increases created a two-tiered system that distorted the housing market severely. Different than what you're proposing, but just wanted to add the "many a slip twixt" caveat. ()
Posted by: Bull City Rising | November 05, 2015 at 11:16 AM
@Bullcityrising
There is actually a lot of affordable housing for sale (as opposed to rental property). You mentioned building a house for $125,000. Guess what? Private developers are doing better than that. Look, for example, as this property for sale in Landon Farms (out E. Geer St.):
Is it a great house? Probably not. But it is 1) new and 2) priced at less than $116,000 for three bedrooms and two baths. If you're willing to buy a previously-owned house, you can do better than that. Try this:
It's $95,000 for 3 bedrooms and 2 baths and 1250 square feet. And it's been sitting on the market for 194 days. This house is in Eastway Village, and therein hangs a tale. Eastway Village was built by the City in 2006 as "affordable housing" and neighborhood revitalization. And I will be the first to agree that it looks very nice with brick veneer foundations, front porches, garages in back, and hardiplank siding. But according to someone who should know, the City spent an average of $300,000 per unit on this development. It ought to look nice. Part of the reason for the high cost is that the City tore down the existing bungalows rather than restore them. (This is, of course, the regnant planning model for all City projects, cf. Carpenter Building/Police Department: just tear it all down because thinking about how to incorporate existing structures is too hard and makes our heads hurt.)
Now, of course, the City is doing Southside, building "affordable" housing that costs around $200,000 or so. Millions of City housing dollars are tied up in this project for years to come. It is Eastway Village on a grander scale. Again, it looks nice. But I don't think this is the most efficient use of scarce housing dollars. Let me suggest a couple of lessons:
1) The City ought to stop playing real-estate developer and building houses for resale. It can't do it any more cheaply than the market can. Building houses for $300,000 that can't bring $95,000 a decade later doesn't make sense.
2) The City ought to focus on increasing the supply of decent, affordable rental property. Encouraging renovation of substandard properties is one way. And, as I've previously argued on BullCityRising, lowering the fees that the City charges for building new housing is another way.
Posted by: John Martin | November 05, 2015 at 11:57 AM
Re: people leaving the neighborhood once they can afford a home. They are just following everyone else who has climbed the economic ladder or had the opportunity to "escape or 'Move on up'." If we are to have a grown up discussion, outside of the long-time homeowners in several inner city there are few who really WANT to live there. The houses are old and leaky...the energy bills are ridiculous. Plus the American dream for them is still to have a suburban house with a big yard.
The trend now among young Millennials is to utilize less space. Walk down to neighborhood park for green space. Go to the neighborhood coffee shop for social interactions versus the mall. They still gas up the car for shopping but that is only an occasional occurrence and not a daily thing.
As far as urban apartment versus 100 acre apartment complexes or quarter-acre lot homes, Durham's reality is that we are running out of areas within the county borders to develop without intruding on environmentally sensitive areas. In other words, our county will probably trend more towards denser housing (and I'm not a huge fan of the cluster home proposal...just build townhouses with green space) and hopefully located closer to job centers and transit options. We also need to refurbish and redevelop existing communities both urban and suburban such as Colonial Apartments and Garrett Square/ Wellington Place near the South Square area but located near many major employers in the area.
As Durham grows and continuously reinvents itself (which is necessary for survival...you don't want to be like several Midwest towns that resisted change for years), it needs to accommodate housing across the board. We want to have opportunities who work here to be able to live here. See Chapel Hill for the effects of strict development guidelines. Even RTP is trying to fill-in because they do not have any more land for a 100 acre corporate campus and the wants and needs of the next generation workforce are different.
I like Durham because it is NOT a poor city. People from various socio-economic backgrounds rub shoulder every day. That is what we should try to maintain.
Posted by: Khalid Hawthorne | November 05, 2015 at 12:01 PM
@John Martin - These areas were totally off the radar for market developers at the time. Plus those costs include environmental cleanups and disposal of contaminated soils. The markets not touching that!
Eastway Village will appreciate along with the properties from N Hyde Park to Driver St. It is currently happening. I doubt that they will ever sell for $300k (your number) but that was not the point of the city's investment. Also the redevelopment of Alston Avenue which I think will be led by more market forces will be the biggest boost to property values in this area. It will be yet another gentrified community in Durham for better and worse but the city's investment was the catalyst...
Posted by: Khalid Hawthorne | November 05, 2015 at 12:11 PM
@Khalid, you're fooling yourself if you think Alston Ave is going to do a damn thing other than create another freeway through a neighborhood. It will in fact cut off East Durham from everything happening downtown and make Eastway Village (and East Durham) feel that much more disconnected.
Alston isn't getting 15-501 treatment. They are building a divided highway.
Posted by: Natalie | November 05, 2015 at 02:20 PM
@Natalie: Have I told you lately that I love you?
@everyone else: Housing is not the only cost. Moving far from downtown but working near downtown increases transportation and other costs significantly for working families. Having affordable housing and retail supermarkets near downtown is one of the very few to break a cycle of poverty. Of course, good transport helps, but it's not enough.
As for progressive property taxes: In short, if you can afford a $1.5 million penthouse (and whether there are some right now doesn't really matter -- the trend is clear), you can damn well afford to pay a pretty enormous chunk of your income in taxes. I'm certainly an advocate of a top income tax bracket well over 90% (which has historical precedent), and a massive increase in capital gains. As for property: I think that houses that sell for under, say $75k (and yes, there are quite a few -- see, e.g. Old East Durham), should have zero property tax as long as they're owner-occupied. From there on up, I'd advocate increasing marginal taxation rates with pretty darn high maximums. Would that discourage very expensive housing from being built? Hell yes.
The city should spend money fixing the amazing old housing stock we have all over town, not building low-quality housing for way too much money. Both Eastway Village and Southside are far from affordable. With rents now rising in Durham at close to four times the rate they have been for the last decade, it's about damn time a mechanism is found to attenuate that rise.
Posted by: Rann | November 05, 2015 at 03:37 PM
@Khalid I think we'll just have to disagree. I don't believe that Eastway Village was the catalyst for anything other than perhaps Southside. You are quite right that house prices are increasing on N. Hyde Park, Driver, Cherry Grove, etc., but Eastway Village didn't have anything to do with that. For one thing, Eastway Village properties are not appreciating at all: the example above shows that you can buy an Eastway property for less than it sold for a decade ago. What is happening in East Durham is simply a continuation of what happened earlier in Cleveland-Holloway, Golden Belt, Old North Durham, Burch Ave., Morehead Hill and other neighborhoods close to downtown. People have moved in looking for less expensive housing than they can find in the burbs or Trinity Park or Watts Hillandale. And Eastway's non-appreciation is not unique. A lot of new developments have had declining prices over the last decade. I can show you a lot of houses in Treyburn, for example, that recently sold for $10,000, $20,000 or $30,000 less than they did five, seven or ten years ago.
My theory of this is pretty simple: contrast N. Hyde Park Ave. with Eastway Ave. Eastway looks nice enough, but it's all pretty much the same, a cookie-cutter development. By contrast, N. Hyde Park has a variety of different styles and sizes and building materials. And that's the key to how the old Barnes Ave. (now Eastway Ave.) should have been redeveloped. Restore the existing houses and build new houses on the empty lots. Habitat for Humanity has been doing this very successfully in East Durham, and by restoring houses on many blocks, instead of just two, they are having a far greater effect on East Durham that the City ever did.
Posted by: John Martin | November 05, 2015 at 04:37 PM
To put things in perspective...we are willing to subsidize parking downtown but people are concerned about subsidizing affordable housing in "luxury" apartment complexes.
@John M. - I didn't disagree with you. I stated the facts. Facts such as Barnes Ave and Few Gardens Projects where the new Hope VI development is located was a crime- and drug-ridden area. You could attribute the majority of Durham's bad reputation to this area. Matter of fact...Morning Glory used to look like New Jack City aka open market for whatever you wanted to buy. The houses on Barnes Ave looked nothing like the houses on N Hyde Park. Several houses were in a flood zone. Habitat (which mostly builds with city and CDBG funds) was building homes in the other areas where like Gattis St and Walltown where the City also invested lots of dollars with partners such as Self-Help.
Not even Self-Help would touch East Durham...well I will not go that far. They were focusing their efforts in neighborhoods around Duke (Walltown and West End) and they still relied on government funding to make it all happen. From a real estate perspective, it was mostly about location...location...location.
The moral of the story...the market does not even sniff Old East Durham or Golden Belt without the investments made by the city. Oh and your $300k number includes funds from many federal and state sources that included brownfield remediation to make the land safe for habitation. A lot of costs beyond just building the units.
By the way, I am all for restoration when it makes sense and the house is functionally, aesthetically and structurally sound aka good bones.
Posted by: Khalid Hawthorne | November 05, 2015 at 10:07 PM
DHA is the only one who doesn't know HUD's policy! I come from Ohio and worked for the housing authority and as long as you stay within your voucher amount you can get plus the bedroom size. DHA makes up its own rules as they told my son that he wasn't considered homeless because he and his son live with me and when he showed them a HUD rule that speaks to having a child and living in a place where the lease is not in his name would qualify him as homeless, Ms. Taylor told him they don't follow HUD's rules!
Posted by: Dallas | December 18, 2015 at 02:52 PM
Why any person of would willingly subject themselves to HUDs rules is beyond me. Public Housing / Urban Renewal / "Negro Removal" destroyed more housing units than it provided. We couldn't undo this debacle fast enough.
Posted by: Anon | December 18, 2015 at 03:28 PM
DHA is a joke. My mom has been on Section 8 for a few years. She had to have someone live with her,so I took it on. For 3 years I've been a quote live in aid, which doesn't include my income only hers. After becoming disabled myself we decided to add me on as a live in adult which causes my income to be considered.We were SPECIFICALLY told by a "NEW " employee that we would not have to pay more than 160 a month on a 450 a month rental our landlord hasn't went up on rent in forever. So we get a letter saying that we have to pay 356.00 that's pathetic!!!! After calling DHA a zillion timesthe csupervisor got the worker in room and we were on 3 way,worker lied like a dog and as usual we got nowhere, were even told that I could not go back as a live in aid that I had to stayvas a lve in adult. It's just sickening to me that we can't find ANYWHERE decent to move to with what they'll pay so were stuck in a not so good environment where we live,mold,miodew, standing water and the list goes on
Posted by: Kim | February 23, 2016 at 11:46 AM
This post is very informative. Do you have any update about whether DHA has changed their policy on "upscaling" based on the email you received from Joseph Phillips at the HUD Regional Office for this area. Was the email shared with DHA and did they provide any further comment? Appreciate your assistance.
Posted by: Kate | June 17, 2016 at 12:27 PM
Hi Kate, Yes, the policy has been changed. I attended a DHA meeting last month where a woman asked about it; the then-CEO Dallas Parks said, yes, this is permissible.
Posted by: Lisa Sorg | June 17, 2016 at 01:46 PM
Karl Urban
Sponsored By
John Cho Addresses Future Of Star Trek Franchise
It might be the end of an era for the Star Trek franchise, as Paramount Pictures has reportedly shelved plans for "Star Trek 4."
Quentin Tarantino Wants To Make R-Rated Star Trek Movie
One of these is a straightforward fourth entry in the Kelvin timeline following on from Star Trek Beyond
2014 Dragon Con - Labor Day Weekend
Preview This! Trouble with the CurveIt may be embarrassing to bring this up, but some medications can cause fecal incontinence.
A medication called Xenical (generic name orlistat)-which is now sold over the counter in a lower dosage as Alli-is designed to prevent the body from absorbing fat, which will decrease the calorie intake of its users.
During Xenical's clinical trial, researchers found that as much as 30 percent of ingested fat was excreted without being absorbed by the trial's subjects.
It is essential that patients follow a low-fat diet of around 15 grams of fat per meal because if they don't, the results won't be pretty. Roche Laboratories reports the side effects of Xenical include gas with oily discharge. Roche also reports that users of this medication may experience an increased number of bowel movements, as well as an urgent need to have them and an inability to control them. This is especially true following meals containing higher amounts of fat than are recommended when using the drug.
Alli, which came on the market in 2007, has a lower dosage of orlistat than Xenical. It has 60 mg rather than 120 mg. But it has the same side effects, which Roche describes as "treatment effects".
Roche's Alli Web site recommends to users that they wear dark pants and bring a change of clothes to work, when they first begin taking Alli.
Alli initially was very popular with dieters, but its sales sharply declined-perhaps because of the potential side effects..After breakfast I went out to exchange some Euros to Shekel and to send a package someone gave me in the mail. On the way I passed throw the Mamila mall and now I know what everyone is talking about when they say Mamila. I didn't feel like my knowledge of Jerusalem, my city of birth, was complete without this. The weather outside was very hot (there is a heatwave here in Israel right now) and I am desperately in need of a day sleep, but we are having our Opening Circle with the Pardes Year program and I am meeting all the people I will be learning Torah with this year!
Here are some impressions of my visit to the city.That is a random beautiful street on the way to the post office:
Also today I learned that taking the bus in Jerusalem isn't necessarily the fastest option. Thus, I am still looking for a best way for me to get around the city.WooCommerce Wholesale Pro - Quick start guide
This article provides an overview of how to install and set up the WooCommerce Wholesale Pro plugin, with links to more in-depth instructions about each feature. You can also watch our video tutorial.
Written instructions
- Download the plugin from your confirmation email and install it (read more).
- Go to WooCommerce → Settings → Wholesale and activate your license key. On the same page, set up your wholesale store as follows (read more):
- General tab - Select your wholesale login page, wholesale store page, and decide whether to enable wholesale registrations and hold new registrations for moderation by an administrator.
- Roles tab - If you want to charge different prices to different wholesale users, then create additional wholesale user roles. Add a global percentage discount for each role (read more).
- Layout tab - If you're using WooCommerce Wholesale Pro with our WooCommerce Product Table plugin, then choose whether the wholesale area will use the default or order form layout (read more).
- Emails tab - The plugin comes with helpfully worded emails to your wholesale users, and you can edit these if required (read more).
- Set your wholesale pricing - You can set pricing for each wholesale role either as a global percentage discount, category percentage discount, or you can price each product individually (read more).
- Add wholesale users - If required, you can add wholesale users to your store manually, import them, or migrate them from other plugins.
- Set your wholesale visibility - You can use the same products in the public and wholesale area, and each user will see the correct pricing and layout for them. Alternatively, you can choose whether each category and its products is visible to public users, wholesale users, or both (read more).
Video tutorial
In this video, you can watch a quick overview of the plugin and then see it being set up from start to finish. Follow along to set up WooCommerce Wholesale Pro on your own site!
Still need help?
If searching the knowledge base hasn't answered your question, please contact support.Frosted
Tint
Forsted Window film can be use as plain , or with logo or finishes on glass that give a translucent appearance providing high privacy yet allowing partial of the sun light to enter your room. Glass finishes transforms aesthetic enhance your workplace.
– Create the effect like foggy blurring
– Privacy window film
– Creative design & decorative
– Waterproof
Description
It blocks the vision from looking inside and outside
More variety with trendy design and colors
Special company logo design
Custom made your own design
Process of Getting
Frosted Window Film
Contact us for free site visit & quotation. Our sales representative will explain and shows the sample of window film to you.
You can provide us your window size or picture for a ball park figure.
Upon agree the quote price, we can arrange the installation on next available date.
(450 sq.f can be done in a day work)
Our window tint service cover the whole West Malaysia & Singapore.Help us demonstrate the value of Australia’s nursery industry
Tuesday, 10 November 2020
Collection for the 2020 Nursery Industry Statistics survey is underway. But in order best represent the true value of Australia’s nursery industry, help from growers and nursery landscapers and retailers is needed.
Greater participation will address key data gaps for the nursery industry and provide a more accurate picture of its social and economic contribution. For the first time, we are also including landscapers and retailers in the survey will help identify greening trends to support future nursery production and improve availability of stock.
Findings from the study will help support our industry’s marketing and advocacy efforts.
The data will also be used to help develop a new version of the Nursery Industry Business Benchmarking Tool which has been used to help provide data-based insights to growers and informing their strategic approaches to business.
Kris Grundy of Townsville Plant Wholesalers said, “By consulting the benchmarking tool, I was able to fill the gaps, understand our position and start mapping out how we would get to where I needed us to be.”
Taking a maximum of 20 minutes to complete, the survey can be conducted over the phone or online. As we know it’s a busy time of year, please refer to the below tips to ensure the process is as seamless and efficient as possible.
- Once contacted for participation, nominate the bet person in your business to respond to the survey.
- If conducting a telephone interview, be sure to put the date and time in your diary.
- Whether performing via the phone or online, make sure you know what information you are being asked to provide and have it in front of you before you start the survey.
For./** Main Stylesheet **/ /** Minor Stylesheet for centered menus **/ /** External Javascript Files **/ /** Main jquery file, version: 1.5.1 **/ /** jquery "collapser" plugin **/ /** Internal Javascript **/
Understanding time & grand unification enabled me to engineer of a new type of fusion energy power plant. The physics explains why previous designs did not work & why these designs will work.
Note:
Expands
Collapses
Astronomers constantly tell us that stars are powered by fusion energy. However, astronomers are constantly running into problems with their theories. Something is obviously wrong with their theories. Energy scientists — both physicists & engineers — are constantly telling us that the “Holy Grail” of clean energy is fusion energy. I whole-heartedly agree. However, they are constantly running into problems with their fusion devices, and have let us down. For over 50 years scientific endevours to duplicate a fusion burn in a power plant have failed. Something is obviously wrong with their theories. Both astronomers and fusion scientists have been led astray by dogmatically sticking to bad theory.
The Ball-of-Light Particle Model — a working grand unification theory — explains the problems scientists are having with their theories. This page will have links that cover this specific area of physics, astronomy, and energy engineering. However, a quick introduction is possible.
First, elementary particles are spheres – or in some cases quasi-spheres — that is, "standing" spherical waves. These standing spherical waves are composed of multiple interacting photons. The photons sweep back and forth over the spherical waves. Instead of calling them "standing spherical waves of photons," I call them "balls-of-light." The name is shorter, and more easily understood and visualized by lay people.
Second, these balls-of-light can have a wide range of stability. Some particles — like neutrinos, electrons, and protons — are very harmonic. They are very stable. Some particles — like the neutron and many other short-lived particles — are somewhat harmonic. They are not stable, and decay with a estimateable half-life. Finally, some "particles" are not harmonic at all. It is a stretch to even call them particles. Particle physicists spot them in their accelerators, and refer to them as, "resonances." In essence, photons merge briefly in a form that is unsustainable. The fields in the quasi-particle immediately repel each other.
Third, when elementary particles decay, the decay process falls into fairly obvious categories. I refer to them as, “decay modes.” For example, the split decay mode — as the name implies — involves the particle pinching, or necking and splitting into smaller particles. This process almost always also releases photons — possibly always. Another obvious decay mode is one I call the fizzle decay mode. The elementary particle simply fizzles out, releasing all of its energy in the form of photons. This is critical in stars. The explosive decay mode my third example. It is critical in supernova.
Obviously, a harmonic particle — such electron, neutrino or proton — does not normally decay. Of course these particles can decay when the are bombarded with other particles or powerful photons. They don't even need to collide. Two or more high speed protons can electromagnetically induce each other to decay — without actually colliding. Obviously, a nonharmonic particle will decay. Let me absolutely clear — a decaying particle is undergoing a form of fission.
Fourth, photons can fuse together — a form of fusion that does not involve elementary particles — yet, in the end, creates elementary particles. Perhaps I should name this subset as, “photon fusion.” The Ball-of-Light Particle explains how can happen. Elementary particles can collide and fuse — but this is a different form of fusion. This is the classic type of fusion described in physics and astronomy textbooks. However, when elementary particles collide, they almost always undergo a far more complex process than simple fusion — one that involves both fusion and fission. First — the particles collide — fusing — briefly creating a larger particle. Then the electric, magnetic and gravitational harmonics take over. If this fused particle is harmonic, it is simply a stable, larger elementary particle. However, this is just about impossible. After two elementary particles collide, the new larger particle is rarely harmonic and almost always immediately decays — again, a form of fission — into smaller, stable, elementary particles & photons. Often, the smaller elementary particles are not harmonic either — quickly decaying into photons & even smaller particles.
Eintein's famous equation — E = mc² — tells us that energy can transform into mass, and mass can transform into energy. However, it does not tell how this happes. The Ball-of-Light Particle Model takes over from here. Pure energy — in the form of photons — can collide, making elementary particles of mass — photon fusion. Then, the particles of mass may decay, releasing some of their photons as pure energy. Obviously — in the energy balance of specific situations — kinetic energy and potential energy also come into play. For example, the velocities of the particles are important from a kinetic energy point-of-view. Within the universe, the position of the photons and particles is important from a potential energy point-of-view.
Fifth, there is something critical about E = mc² — often overlooked. This equation has no limit. There is nothing to limit the size of the interaction. Most scientists believe elementary particles are small. I don't. Most scientists believe atoms are small. I don't. For some reason, my mind was never burdened with these prejudices. There is nothing in physics that limits the size of elementary particles. All of the mass and energy of the universe could be contained in one massive elementary particle — which I believe was the case at the beginning of the Big Bang. There is nothing in physics that limits the size of atoms. An atom could be as big as the sun. Actually, I believe the sun is a giant atom. An atom could be as big as a galaxy. Actually, I believe galaxies are giant atoms.
Again, astronomers tell us that stars get their energy via nuclear fusion. However, the Ball-of-Light Particle Model tells me otherwise. Stars have solid cores — cores that are giant elementary particles. In the majority of stars the cores are decaying — via the fizzle decay mode. As the core of a star decays, it creates a plasma envelope around it. Yes, fusion in taking place in the star — but this fusion is taking place in the plasma envelope. Yes, there is fusion taking place in stars. However, the fusion is not taking place in the core of the star. The core is “solid.” It is one, very large elementary particle. The decay of a star's core is a form of fission — not fusion.
Let point out, when a star experiences a nova event, the outer plasma envelope is ejected, revealing the star's core. So — a white dwarf is a giant elementary particle. After a nova event, as the white dwarf continues to decay, it generates a new plasma envelope. Neutron stars do not exist — astronomical observations of, “neutron stars,” and “magnetars,” are simply observations of larger elementary particles. Pulsars, are not “spinning” stars. They are giant elementary particles undergoing a very obvious decay mode. In a pulsar, there is a powerful electromagnetic wave sweeping back and forth over the particle, ejecting smaller elementary particles & photons — primarily at the poles.
Finally, let me address Black Hole theory. It is completely wrong. The Ball-of-Light Particle is very symmetric. Electric, magnetic, and gravitational fields are unified as one field. In an elementary particle there is a constant, complete symmetry between these fields. In the unified field, the fields of the 3 component fields — electric, magnetic, gravitational — can swing back and forth between each other — an astronomical example is the core of a Cepheid variable — but none of the 3 individual fields can “gang up” on one of the other fields. In other words, gravity can not crush the core of a stary — or any elementary particle — into a Black Hole. Before the particle can be crushed, the electric and magnetic fields resist the gravitational field with perfect symmetry. If the Ball-of-Light Particle Model is correct, Black Hole theory is completely wrong. Yes! There are massive objects at the centers of Galaxies. However, they are not, “Black Holes,” they are simply massive, decaying elementary particles. The new model for galaxies is simple. As the core of a galaxy decays it ejects smaller elementary particles — the cores of stars.
The Ball-of-Light Particle Model is a working grand unification theory. Using it, I have engineered & patented a new type of fusion power plant. This type of powerplant will be the main source of energy for humans from now into the distant future. It will be clean, safe, cheap. Obviously, if my fusion powerplant design works, there will be a number of astronomers with egg on their faces, scratching their heads, wondering, how the bleep does that device work like that!)How to disable known host check in ssh temporarily?
ssh -o "UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null" -o "StrictHostKeyChecking=no" user@host
Boot-up another system with your system disk attached. Mount it and backup all system files:
mount ${srcdev} /mnt cd /mnt tar --exclude sys.tar.bz2 -czpf sys.tar.bz2 ./ umount /mnt
-z - infer the compression format from the extension
read more
-p - save all …
This article is a manual to build AppImageKit from source
apt install zsync libglib2.0-dev desktop-file-utils libtool automake cmake patchelf qtcreator libfuse-dev libcairo2-dev
git clone --recursive git clone --recursive …
Some applications cannot work in containers because of apparmor permissions, namespaces or functionality unsupported by the kernel on the host system. Below is an example of a mariadb service error:
mariadb.service: Failed to set up mount namespacing: Permission denied
This error occurred when running the container in privileged mode …read moreMonitor equipment and environmental conditions at any remote location via satellite.
MessengerViaS is the easiest to use remote monitoring system of its kind. It comes completely pre-configured for your specific application. Just mount the components attach the cables and view monitored conditions on any web browser.
Unlike cellular-based remote monitoring systems that don’t work in many out of the way locations - the places where remote monitoring systems are needed the most - MessengerViaS uses the INMARSAT satellite network for full global coverage between the north and south polar regions.
Monitors 8 conditions:
Four built-in sensors that monitor outside temperature, battery voltage, AC status and GPS location. Plus Four general purpose inputs that accept readily available sensors to monitor just about anything that needs to be monitored. Also includes advanced features such as ‘geo-fencing’, pulse counting and rate measurements.
With MessengerViaS you can monitor most low data-rate conditions such as tank-levels, AC power status, pressure and temperature. It can also count events and totalized flow. A GPS provides location information.
Global coverage that is cost-competitive with cellular.
Includes GPS with geo-fence capabilities.
Messenger ViaS Data SheetAbout Van Cleave Law Firm, PC
Whether the federal defendant is considering a plea agreement, preparing for trial, awaiting sentencing, or has already been sentenced, an experienced federal criminal defense attorney can advise you about your best options.
You should seek an attorney who is not only capable of doing the best work, but who will also keep you informed, help you understand the process, and discuss all options with you every step of the way.
Meet the Attorney
Chad has been an attorney for the last seventeen years, but his passion for the federal criminal process has led him to focus exclusively on federal cases for the last fifteen.130 - For a DTC help-seeking message for a preventative product (e.g. vaccine), can the name of the manufacturer appear on the ad?
- Jennifer Carroll last edited by
In the case of DTC messaging for preventative, non-prescription products (e.g. vaccine), the name of manufacturer may appear on the ad. In fact, section A.01.067 allows certain non-Rx drugs and NHPs to make prevention claims for schedule A diseases in advertising directed toward consumers. It may even be branded for the product; in such a case, the message will be considered to be promotional and advertising regulations would apply (e.g. please refer to the Health Canada Interim Guidance "Fair Balance in Direct to Consumer Advertising of Vaccines").Please note that this is not be confused with DTC messaging for prescription drugs or treatment of schedule A diseases. For these, the Health Canada guidance document "Distinction Between Advertising and Other Activities" applies and there should be no mention of the product or corporate name on the help-seeking message.Please call the PAAB office if you have any questions about this.Product Details
Preferred Buyer From
kymik fire protection water storage tanks are designed and fabricated according to the industry regulations: fm 4020 and nfpa 22. these tanks are also designed according to seismic zone v and environmental conditions. a pvc reinforced liner (fm approved) separates the water from the tank wall providing further internal protection from corrosion. kymik has proved its ability as a manufacturer to provide durable and reliable tank structure for fire water storage in industries, commercial buildings, offices complex buildings, shopping malls, residential complexes and also for sprinklers of multi-level car parks etc.Andrew Jackson III
Born: April 4, 1834
Birthplace: Hermitage Plantation, Davidson County, Tennessee
Father: Andrew Jackson Jr. 1808 – 1865
(Buried: Jackson Family Cemetery, Hermitage Plantation, Tennessee)
Mother: Sarah Yorke 1803 – 1887
(Buried: Jackson Family Cemetery, Hermitage Plantation, Tennessee)
Wife: Amy Ann Rich 1851 – 1921
(Buried: Jackson Family Cemetery, Hermitage Plantation, Tennessee)
Children:
Andrew Jackson IV 1887 – 1953
(Buried: Jackson Family Cemetery, Hermitage Plantation, Tennessee)
Education:
Attended Western Military Institute, and Kentucky Military Institute
1858: Graduated from West Point Military Academy – (15th in Class)
Occupation before War:
1858 – 1859: Brevet 2nd Lt. United States Army, Cavalry
1858 – 1859: Attended Cavalry School of practice Carlisle
1859 – 1861: 2nd Lt. United States Army, 1st Cavalry Regiment
1859 – 1860: Frontier Duty at Fort Cobb, Indian Territory
1860: Served in the Comanche Expedition
1860: Served in the Skirmish at Grand Saline, Kansas
1860: Served at Fort Smith, Arkansas
1861: Resigned from United States Army on May 7th
Civil War Career:
1861: 1st Lt. Confederate States Regular Army
1861: Captain, Company Number 4, Artillery Corps of Tennessee
1861 – 1862: Captain Company F, 1st Tennessee Heavy Artillery
1861 – 1862: Stationed at Columbus and Island No. 10
1862 – 1865: Colonel of 1st Tennessee Heavy Artillery
1863: Captured and Exchanged at the Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi
1864 – 1865: Stationed at Fort Morgan near Mobile, Alabama
1865: Captured at Fort Morgan
1865: Prisoner of war until released on June 5th
Occupation after War:
Farmer in Davidson County, Tennessee
United States Internal Revenue Service Agent
Died: December 17, 1906
Place of Death: West Knoxville, Tennessee
Age at time of Death: 72 years old
Burial Place: Jackson Family Cemetery, Hermitage Plantation, Tennessee
Last edited by a moderator:CRA Technology & Motoring Explored
By Pritesh Ruthun
Here we share 9 reasons why electric cars make sense as daily drivers and why it’s a good thing to consider going the electric vehicle route.
Visit CRA’s blog page for more relevant articles.
A COUPLE of years ago, Roberto Bruzzaniti and I shared a Jaguar I-Pace on an electric vehicle road trip that started in Pretoria and ended in Cape Town. The trip was a huge success, part of the Electric Vehicle Road Trip (EVRT), that was organised by generation.e.
Bruzzaniti is an electric car adopter who, only a few years ago, started an entire business around EVs in the form of supplying chargers and charging equipment for the home and office. “Since buying my electric car [BMW i3], I haven’t regretted it a single day. I realised that I’m driving less and that for my commuting purposes and daily business needs, my electric car has more than enough range to prevent any anxiety,” he says. “I am so convinced that electric cars are the future that I placed an order for a Tesla Model 3 as soon as orders for South Africa were open a couple of years ago.”
Having experienced numerous electric cars already, I can tell you that the range anxiety that I used to have with EVs is gone. I remember my first test of the Nissan Leaf and the challenges I had with its less than 100km real-world range. These days, SA’s cheapest EV, the MINI Cooper SE offers more than double that range and it’s cheaper than the Leaf was more than 10 years ago.
There’s no denying that the current crop of EVs on sale in South Africa are priced at a premium, but as more manufacturers switch off their ICE engine production lines, you’ll start to see more affordable EVs in South Africa. Volkswagen has already committed to bringing most of its EV line-up to SA, starting with the ID3 and ID4 that arrive as early as next year. Volkswagen says that by 2025, half of its portfolio of new models will only feature electric propulsion technologies.
Whether we like it or not, EVs are the future, and they will cost what they cost, but that doesn’t mean they have to be a grudge purchase. I like to think of EVs as the switch from VHS to DVD and Blu-Ray. The industry will only offer electric cars and that’s what we’re going to have to accept.
There’s more to the conversation around electric cars than just the selling price and the range anxiety, however.
I asked Bruzzaniti to highlight the key reasons why he loves his electric car and why it makes sense as a daily driver for a South African operating a business between Pretoria and Johannesburg. He came up with nine reasons why an electric car might be right for you:
1) Instant pull-away
Electric motors have maximum torque available to them at zero rpm, providing instant pull-away from standstill. This makes EVs fun to drive and often surprises drivers of internal combustion vehicles when they are left behind at the traffic lights.
2) Possibility to use 100% renewable energy
While working from home you can charge your EV from solar energy during the daytime. Ten 330W grid-tied solar panels can provide approximately 100km of EV driving range per day, so you can drive for free.
3) Low maintenance
With an average of 20 moving parts, EVs are much more reliable and far cheaper to maintain compared to the 2 000 parts in an internal combustion engine vehicle (ICEV). A Tesla recently set a new mileage record of 900 000km.
4) Single pedal driving
The regenerative braking system of an EV comes into play when you lift your foot off the accelerator, eventually bringing the vehicle to a complete stop. Single pedal driving is a unique experience to EVs and convenient in traffic, all the while saving brake pads.
5) No tailpipe emissions
Without an internal combustion engine, an EV has zero tailpipe emissions. Imagine opening your window on a busy road without having to inhale any toxic fumes.
Jaguar I-Pace
6) Saves you time
It takes 10 seconds to plug in your EV when you get home to charge overnight. Even if your EV has a range of only 200km, you start each day fully charged, with sufficient range for most daily commutes. No more wasting time at the petrol station waiting for your tank to fill up.
7) Regenerate energy on downhills
Conventional vehicles offer zero saving of potential energy when coasting down an incline. An EV uses the potential energy that is created under such driving conditions to charge its battery pack while simultaneously braking.
8) Kind to the environment
Running an EV is kind to the environment as it avoids engine and gearbox oils, so used oils do not end up ruining our natural ecosystems.
9) Saves on fuel running costs
If you are not using renewable energy to charge your EV and you are reliant on grid power to charge at home, the electricity cost of charging is still approximately a quarter of the cost of fuel.
You can contact Bruzzaniti at EV Charge to learn more about home charging solutions and EVs in general if you are interested in making the switch from ICE to electric in the coming months.
Read Also: Big Changes For Drivers Planned For South Africa In 2021 – Including Zero Alcohol Limits
Would you consider buying an electric car for a daily driver? Which of the points raised make the most sense for you and suit your requirements best? Let us know in the comments below. Also, if you found our content informative, do like it and share it with your friends.
FREE BONUS: Download our FREE In Case of Emergency (ICE) Contact List and Accident Assist Checklist here.Mission
The Department of Health and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Texas at Rio Grande Valley offers students of exceptional character and accomplishments an education in biomedical, health, clinical lab, dietetics and nutrition sciences that prepare them to become superb and caring physicians, biomedical and clinical lab scientists, teachers, registered dietitians/nutritionists or healthcare providers. We are committed to create a challenging and multicultural learning environment that inspires students to achieve the highest standards of academic excellence and intellectual and personal development through a stimulating and comprehensive program of instruction that develops the knowledge, attitudes, and skills essential for life-long learning. The mission of the Department of Health and Biomedical Sciences is to also foster excellence in research and professional-graduate education, develop and maintain collaborative multi-disciplinary research and education programs focusing on eliminating health disparities and to advance healthcare in the Rio Grande Valley and beyond through the dissemination and discovery of knowledge. We will utilize innovative educational and research tools to develop critical-thinking, communication, team work, ethical, creative skills and attitudes in our students to train them to be highly attractive employees in the 21st century workforce.
Vision
The vision of the Department of Health and Biomedical Sciences is to become the preeminent institution that provides leadership and fosters excellence in health and biomedical sciences education, research, healthcare and service in the Rio Grande Valley (RGV) and beyond.
We will accomplish this vision through the discovery and dissemination of knowledge and by providing the best value and quality in education, research and service, insisting on high standards and expectations, personal responsibility and leadership from students, faculty and staff.vertical mills description
Request for Quotation
Milling (machining) - Wikipedia
471 CNC Vertical Mill Machinist jobs available on Indeed.com. Apply to CNC Machinist, CNC Mill Operator, Machinist and more!
Vertical Integration - Investopedia
Vertical integration is a strategy where a company expands its business operations into different steps on the same production path, such as when a manufacturer owns its supplier and/or ....
Horizontal Milling, Vertical Milling - What.
9 Speed Vertical Milling Machine - Harbor …-2 40-Taper Mill Vertical Mills – Haas CNC …
HaasBuilt - VF-2 Take a closer look at how your VF-2 is built and assembled from the ground up, straight from our factory in Oxnard, California! Recently Updated
physical description of a vertical mill Gibraltar
A vertical stirred mill model based on the Population Balance Model PBM technique has recently been developed and validated using extensive data from pilot scale vertical stirred milling tests. More Details description physical description of a vertical mill.
Introduction to the Mill - Massachusetts Institute ….
JET Vertical Milling Machines
JET Vertical Milling Machines are manufactured for precision, reliability and durability. Table sizes ranging from 8" x 36" to 12" x 54" and drivetrains of step pulley, variable speed, and electronic variable speed allow for easy mill selection.
Windmill - Simple English Wikipedia, the free …
A windmill is a type of working engine.It ...
Pin Mill: Description, operating principles, …...
JET Metalworking Vertical Milling Machines …
15.07.2016· Jet 830 Vertical Mill with Buildbotics CNC Controller - Duration: 12:19. MattsRV8 1,964 views. 12:19. Explaining an R-8 Spindle Taper on Jet JMD 18 Mill Drill Milling Machine - Duration: 7:15.
vertical mills company - air-n-bi.ch
Vertical Mills - Zedco Machinery. Model: Description: Price: Photo: Acer Ultima, Model 3VKH Vertical Milling Machine, 1996 S/N: 96020110, Good Condition: $6,50000: Alliant Model #RT-2 Vertical . 18 inch Raymond Vertical Mill Wabash Power Equipment Company. Vertical Mills by Raymond are in stock and fully refurbished Give us a call to get more ....
Horizontal vs Vertical Milling Machines - Which ….
Mill Machinist: Job Description, Duties and …
Individuals searching for Mill Machinist: Job Description, Duties and Requirements found the following related articles and links useful.
Haas Automation Inc. - CNC Machine Tools
Haas Automation is the largest machine tool builder in the western world, manufacturing a complete line of CNC vertical machining centers, horizontal machining centers, CNC lathes, and rotary products..
Used Vertical Boring Mills for sale Perfection ….
Related Products
- vertical mill drill press vmd 40g
- curry powder vertical mill
- basic questions for vertical machining center
- used vertical sand mill
- working temperatere in a vertical raw mill
- principle of a vertical roller mill equipment
- vertical crusher drawing
- rockwell vertical mill for sale
- vertical roller mill operanal problems
- vertical raymond mill in riyadh india
- stone vertical shaft impact crusher
- clinker grinder vertical roller mill
- vertical shaft impact crusher price
- vertical roller mill appli ions for various industries
- design work in vertical cement mill
- ore milling solutions vertical mill
- vertical roller mill gear reducer
- vertical milling nichols
- safety issues of vertical ball mill
- linley vertical millWhen."
To photograph empty skate parks, Zaki arrived around dawn, when the light was perfect for his visual aesthetic. "Skaters don't wake up early," he notes with a laugh. After selecting a spot, usually deep inside the bowl of the park, he mounted his DSLR camera on a GigaPan motorized tripod head that allowed him to take dozens of high-resolution images that he later stitched together in postproduction. The final images, several gigabytes each in size, can be printed as large as 60 by 75 inches without sacrificing detail. Shooting the skate parks from a single angle would have required a wide-angle fisheye lens, which Zaki abhors.
The final images are revelatory works of landscape photography in which seemingly lifeless concrete wastelands are transformed into thrilling canyons and calderas, plateaus and peaks. (Zaki, who devoted a previous series to lifeguard towers, has spent his career finding beauty in the apparently mundane.) The photographs evoke the work of Land Art pioneers such as Michael Heizer, whose monumental City project in the Nevada desert, from certain angles, looks a lot like the world's largest skate park.
Zaki calls his series Empty Vessels, a title that reflects both his interest in Eastern philosophy and his struggle to classify skate parks within the built environment. "I think of them as anti-architecture," he says. "They're not structures, exactly. Basically, they are potential spaces. Their entire formation is based on an activity that will happen within them. Every curb, every hip, every element is designed for potential action.”
A book of Zaki’s skate park images, California Concrete—featuring essays by pro skater Tony Hawk and architect Peter Zellner—will be published in September by Merrell to coincide with a solo exhibition at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, California. Zaki's work can be purchased from the Edward Cella Gallery in Los Angeles and the James Harris Gallery in SeSmearing a whole bunch of interesting ingredients on a toasted piece of sourdough bread is our kind of meal. Here, we make three different sourdough toasties that mix and match ingredients to bring out sweet, fresh, herby, earthy and zesty flavours. You can get as playful as you want with these, or keep them as simple as possible. The best part? They require minimal-to-no cooking and take literal minutes to put together.
It’s a real “you can’t get it wrong” recipe no matter how you make it. You can enjoy these toasties as a quick and easy meal or snack for yourself, or impress guests with them (seriously, they are so beautiful to look at!). While we like to devour them as an open-faced sandwich, you can always close them up for a heartier toastie.
Related: Bread Baking for Beginners: How to Make the Perfect Sourdough Loaf
Roasted Grape, Ricotta & Lemon Zest Sourdough Toastie
Prep Time: 3 minutes
Cook Time: 7-9 minutes
Total Time: 10-12 minutes
Servings: 2-4
Ingredients:
1 cup loose red grapes
½ tsp extra virgin olive oil
Pinch of sea salt, plus more for finishing
2-4 slices sourdough bread
1 tsp butter (optional)
2-4 Tbsp ricotta cheese
2 tsp chopped and toasted almonds or pecans
1 tsp lemon zest
2 sprigs fresh thyme
Pepper, to finish
Directions:
1. Preheat the toaster oven or oven to 400°F.
2. Place the grapes on a baking sheet lined with parchment. Drizzle olive oil and sea salt on top. Toss to coat and roast for 7-9 minutes until bursting open. Allow to cool slightly.
3. Meanwhile, toast the sourdough bread in a toaster. If preferred, brush the sourdough bread with butter and toast in a pan over medium heat until crisp.
4. Once toasted, spread ricotta over top. Be generous!
5. Load the roasted grapes over the ricotta and sprinkle with chopped nuts, lemon zest and thyme leaves. Finish it with a pinch of sea salt and pepper.
Related: These Easy Sourdough Discard Crackers Come Together With Just 5 Ingredients
Pesto, Feta, Beet and Honey Sourdough Toastie
Prep Time: 5 minutes
Total Time: 5 minutes
Servings: 2-4
Ingredients:
2-4 slices sourdough bread
2-4 Tbsp pesto
1 large or 2 small beets, roasted and sliced into thin wedges
2 Tbsp crumbled feta cheese
1 tsp honey
A small handful of fresh microgreens
Sea salt and pepper, to finish
Directions:
1. Toast the sourdough bread.
2. Smear a hearty amount of pesto onto the toasted sourdough and top with sliced beets.
3. Crumble feta over top of the sliced beets and drizzle with honey.
4. Top with microgreens and finish with sea salt and pepper.
Related: Conquer Brunch With This Make-Ahead Veggie Strata and Sourdough Bread
Hummus, Cheddar and Tomato Sourdough Toastie
Prep Time: 3 minutes
Cook Time: 2-5 minutes
Total Time: 5-8 minutes
Servings: 2-4
Ingredients:
2-4 slices sourdough bread
2-4 Tbsp hummus
2-6 slices cheddar cheese
2 tomatoes, sliced
1 small cucumber, ribboned
Pinch of sea salt and pepper
Directions:
1. Toast the sourdough bread.
2. Spread a generous amount of hummus onto the toasted bread and top with sliced cheddar cheese. Place in the oven to broil for 2-5 minutes or until the cheese starts bubbling.
3. Carefully remove the toast from the oven and top with tomato slices. Place the cucumber ribbons over the tomatoes.
4. Finish with sea salt and pepper.
Related: This Vegan Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich Tastes Just Like the Real Thing!
Love Tamara and Sarah’s toasties? Try their rainbow veggie halloumi burgers next!Get this book in print
About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
WOMAN'S CURIOSITY.
Mrs. Hannah MORE.
66
A WORTHY Squire of sober life, Had a conceited boasting wife; Of him she daily made complaint, Herself she thought a very saint. She lov'd to load mankind with blame, And on their errors build her fame. Her favourite subject of dispute Was Eve and the forbidden fruit. “Had I been Eve," she often cried,
Man had not fall'n, nor woman died. I still had kept the orders given, Nor for an apple lost my heaven; To gratify my curious mind I ne'er had ruin'd all mankind; Nor from a vain desire to know, Entail'd on all my race such woe.” The Squire replied “ I fear 'tis true, The same ill spirit lives in you; Tempted alike, I dare believe, You would have disobey'd like Eve.” The lady storm'd and still denied Both curiosity and pride.
The Squire some future day at dinner Resolved to try this boastful sinner; He griev'd such vanity possess'd her, And thus in serious terms address'd her: “Madam, the usual splendid feast With which our wedding-day is grac'd With
you I must not share to-day, For business summons me away. Of all the dainties I've prepared, I beg not any may be spar'd: Indulge in every costly dish; Enjoy, 'tis what I really wish:
Only observe one prohibition, Nor think it a severe condition : On one small dish, which cover'd stands, You must not dare to lay your hands; Go-disobey not on your life, Or henceforth you're no more my wife.”
The treat was serv'd, the Squire was gone, The murm’ring lady din'd alone; She saw whate'er could grace a feast, Or charm the eye, or please the taste; But while she rang'd from this to that, From ven'son haunch to turtle fat: On one small dish she chanc'd to light, By a deep cover hid from sight: “Oh! here it is—yet not for me! I must not taste, nay, dare not see: Why place it there? or why forbid That I so much as lift the lid ? Prohibited of this to eat, I care not for the sumptuous treat ; I wonder if 'tis fowl or fish, To know what's there I merely wish. I'll look_0 no, I lose for ever, If I'm betray'd, my husband's favour. I own I think it vastly hard, Nay, tyranny to he debarr'd. John, you may go—the wine's decanted, I'll ring or call you when you're wanted.” Now left alone, she waits no longer, Temptation presses more and stronger. “I'll peep-the harm can ne'er be much, For tho' I peep I will not touch; Why I'm forbid to lift this cover One glance will tell, and then 'tis over. My husband's absent, so is John, My peeping never can be known.” Trembling, she yielded to her wish, And rais'd the cover from the dish;
She starts—for lo! an open pie, From which six living sparrows fly. She calls, she screams with wild surprise, . “Haste, John, and catch these birds,” she cries; John hears not, but to crown her shame, In at her call her husband came. Sternly he frown'd, as thus he spoke: “Thus is your vow'd allegiance broke ! Self-ign’rance led you to believe You did not share the sin of Eve. Like hers, how blest was your condition ! How small my gentle prohibition ! Yet you, tho' fed with every dainty, Sat pining in the midst of plenty; This dish, thus singled from the rest, Of your
obedience was the test; Your mind, unbroke by self-denial, Could not sustain this slender trial. Humility from hence be taught, Learn candour to another's fault; Go, know, like Eve, from this sad dinner, You're both a vain and curious sinner."
THE SAGACITY OF THE SPIDER.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH.
Of all the solitary insects I have ever remarked, the spider is the most sagacious, and its actions, to me, who have attentively considered them, seem almost to exceed belief. This insect is formed by nature for a state of war, not only upon other insects, but upon each other. For this state, nature seems perfectly well to have formed it. Its head and breast are covered with a strong natural coat of mail, which is impenetrable to the attempts of every other insect, and its belly is enveloped in a soft pliant skin, which eludes the sting even of a
wasp. Its legs are terminated by strong claws, not unlike those of the lobster; and their vast length, like spears, serves to keep every assailant at a distance.
Not worse furnished for observation than for an attack or defence, it has several eyes, large, transparent, and covered with a horny substance, which, however, does not impede its vision. Besides this, it is furnished with a forceps above the mouth, which serves to kill or secure the prey already caught in its claws or its net.
Such are the implements of war with which the body is immediately furnished; but its net to entangle the enemy seems to be what it chiefly trusts to, and what it takes most pains to render as complete as possible. Nature has furnished the body of this little creature with a glutinous liquid, which, proceeding from the lower extremity of the body, it spins into a thread, coarser or finer as it chooses to contract its sphincter. In order to fix its threads when it begins to weave, it emits a small drop of its liquid against the wall, which hardening by degrees, serves to hold the thread very firmly. Then receding from the first point, as it recedes the thread lengthens; and when the spider has come to the place where the other end of the thread should be fixed, gathering up with its claws the thread, which would otherwise be too slack, it is stretched tightly, and fixed in the same manner to the wall as before.
In this manner it spins and fixes several threads parallel to each other, which, so to speak, serve as the warp to the intended web.
To form the woof, it spins in the same manner its thread, transversely fixing one end to the first thread that was spun, and which is always the strongest of the whole web, and the other to the wall. All these threads being newly spun, are glutinous, and therefore stick to each other, wherever they happen to touch ; and in those parts of the web most exposed to be torn, our natural artist strengthens them, by doubling the thread sometimes sixfold.
Thus far, naturalists have gone in the description of
this animal: what follows is the result of my own observation upon that species of the insect called the house spider. I perceived, about four years ago, a large spider in one corner of my room, making its web, and though the maid frequently levelled her fatal broom against the labours, and examined the strength of every part of it, retired into its hole, and came out very frequently. The first enemy, however, it had to encounter, was another and a much larger spider, which having no web of its own, and having probably exhausted all its stock in former labours of this kind, came to invade the property of its neighbour. impatience, net round its captive, by which theUbyrisk Consultants is a French independent consulting firm especially dedicated to the study and management of natural hazards since 2001..
In 2014, Ubyrisk Consultants had a project in which they wanted a tool that would have made possible for their clients to cross their own data (site localization.
Recommendation of
Road more on GIS Cloud blog
GIS made easy to visualize our data. However, we should know – meaning full visualizing too. :
[…] […] might be a "wet" Leg 1 route of 8.2km using the shale switchbacks, past the Fort, across the pedestrian bridge to Bull Trail Park.
Take the low shale trail to the Muff and then up the limestone pathway to the top. Head south along the shale by Ridgewood to the Bull Trail stairs and back to HQ the same way you came (lollipop route)..Banzai Magazine - Tech Talk Q&A (September 2017)
Posted by CobraSportExhausts Admin
The September edition of Banzai magazine includes a 3 page technical Q&A with Cobra Sport director Peter Jarvis. The article gives an update on recent developments at Cobra Sport since our inclusion in the Banzai 'Best of British' series last year.
It has been a busy year at Cobra Sport for new product releases for Japanese vehicles having launched a new range of performance exhausts for the Mk4 Mazda MX-5 earlier this year along with a highly popular de-cat manifold for the GT86.
New ventures into further motorsport events are also discussed including our vehicle sponsorship in the UK Fueltopia and Formula G championships.
The magazine is available now from all major retail outlets and a copy can be viewed in the images below.Ask The Expert
Interior design requires a trained eye and creative mind-set. Some of us have that gift and some of us don’t have the knack for it! Most of our clients here in Estero fall somewhere in the middle. Our clients know what they like when they see it and have a keen eye for design, but they need a little help pulling it altogether. If you find yourself needing that kind of help, Perfect Fit Window Fashions is here for you! As your local Hunter Douglas dealer, we offer design consultations to guide you toward beautiful home decorating solutions.
The Interior Designer’s Job
An interior designer brings your design ideas to life. They give you their professional assessment of projects that can range in size and complexity, from a single room to entire house. Interior designers are trained to notice things that you may not and offer:
- Business Skills that keep you on a budget
- Professional Expertise that combines technical knowledge and creative ideas
- Design Resources such as home furnishings, flooring, paint, accessories, and more
- Design Solutions that meet functional needs and adds beauty to any room
As Seen on TV, it is not Always that Easy
Design and remodeling TV show can be a great way to set your ideas into motion. You buy the latest paint color for your kitchen that you saw on TV, but when you get it home you hate it. You pick out several pieces of furniture that looked great in the showroom, but then the furniture doesn’t fit the space when it gets delivered and the style doesn’t match your lifestyle. Sound familiar? If so, schedule a consultation with one of our interior designers.
Selecting an Interior Designer
You will get a good sense about your designer during your initial consultation. Building rapport and asking the right questions before signing your design agreement will insure a thoroughly satisfying experience. Below are four good questions to ask before selecting your interior designer:
- How do you charge, by the room or by the hour?
- What payment options do you offer?
- Do you have a work portfolio showing examples of similar projects?
- Can you provide a list of references?
Start your Relationship with Interior Design in Estero
Visit our showroom in Estero, FL, serving the areas of Estero, Bonita Springs, Naples and Ft. Myers. Contact us today for a design consultation – we’re looking forward to serving you!StreetMarch is a Proprietary Task & Reward based Mobile platform on iOS (Apple Store) with polling and campaigning tools like Street Polls, Street Rewards, and Street Broadcasts.
It provides users (individuals/organizations/brands) with opportunities to interact, connect with and market to target audiences worldwide by creating a redeemable reward based engine.
It is backed by serial entrepreneurs with business management experience from schools like Kelloggs, Duke and London school of economics and industry experience as CXO’s at various firms like Comcast.
Atlogys was hired by the investors and made responsible for end-to-end project deliverable, right from conceptualization, design, and architecture, to end-to-end software development testing and deployment at scale.You know the pattern: A student or resident posts something about medical education on an internet site, shares feedback in writing at their institution, or publishes their thoughts about medical training in a letter sent to a journal. Shortly thereafter, a small posse of senior physicians pile on faster than a ventricle can fibrillate.
Just read the comment section of any article by a trainee that is in any way critical of medical education. You will be subjected to a deluge of angry responses by established doctors, ranting about everything from that trainee's presumed work ethic, character, suitability for medicine, lack of gratitude, and entitlement.
These reactions are as hurtful as they are bewildering. I know because I've experienced them too. In fact, I still experience them, even as a decidedly mid-career female leader. Although some of the upsetting responses are well intended but poorly articulated, others have complex and downright ugly origins. Some are linked to the darker aspects of medicine — things like systemic racism and misogyny. They come from intolerable, unacceptable aspects of our educational culture that desperately need renovating.
But what about vicious, hostile responses to student concerns about seemingly innocuous issues? Surely, raising questions or sharing ideas about medical education in general shouldn't provoke the animosity with which it is so often met. If you are a trainee who has been bewildered or disheartened after a seemingly disproportionate response by a senior doc to what you thought was an innocent question, here are some factors to consider.
Trainee Concerns Remind Docs of Personal Pain
Although our job is to care for others, doctors often have a deficit of compassion when it comes to our own selves. Medical school emphasizes high achievement, and residency training subjects us to endless criticism and ruthless self-appraisal. Medical culture is only just now beginning to accept that personal struggles are not a marker of low resilience. Our frequent inability to find compassion for trainees is little more than an extension of our inability to have compassion for ourselves. The latter is a source of suffering for many senior physicians and an area where we often lack insight.
Suffering is complex, and we all handle it differently. Some of us respond in a future-oriented manner; we desperately want to make things better for future generations and are relieved to see them calling out medicine's deep-rooted problems. Others, however, get stuck looking backwards and never really leave the past behind. To resolve this dissonance, they retroactively come to view unnecessary hardships as helpful, framing them as character-building instead of as suffering or mistreatment.
If you've completed clinical rotations in psychiatry or pediatrics, you'll know that when a person experiences abuse, they sometimes cope by creating narratives that allow the abuse to appear rational or "corrective." These stories allow them to minimize their own powerlessness and reframe what happened to them as something that was done out of necessity to "help" or "shape" them. It requires significant self-awareness to consider a different truth than the one that many physicians have created about how the abuse and toxic culture they experienced made them the tough people they are today.
I have a big ask: I want you to try to find compassion for some of these faculty members and older colleagues. This is not to excuse aggressive, angry behaviors or rude, dismissive responses. To be abundantly clear, it is not your problem to look after their emotions. But it can help to remember that their reactions are actually not about you at all: They are about their pain; their emotional flaws; and an old, trusted survival mechanism. Knowing that fact can make it easier to tune them out, if that is what is warranted.
A colleague of mine recently commented that her favorite thing about working with learners is that they can help her see both the good and the bad about medical culture with fresh eyes. This culture is inspiring, but it is also toxic. Two things can be true at once. It is appropriate to be inspired by our community and its wells of deep compassion while simultaneously wondering how some senior guardians can react so harshly. But how did those guardians get that way in the first place? They are products of their environment, and they have suffered in order to survive in medicine, just like me and you. Simply put, we can't ask other people to see our humanity without trying to see theirs as well.
If only we all had more humility and compassion — and if only we all paused to reflect before putting pen to paper or typing our remarks into the comment box. That's the culture I aspire to, the one I believe we're slowly working toward. Maybe those old guards are not capable of it. But you know what? It can start with us.
Not Everything Is a 10
A few years ago, I collaborated with a talented graphic artist on a comic book about medicine. It was a really important project for both of us, and we each had strong ideas and convictions about the best way to tell the story. I could sense that our similar personalities would cause us to dig in, in order to try to get what we wanted whenever we disagreed.
I suggested a system. Each time our opinions differed, we had to assign a number from 1 to 10 that represented how important this particular issue felt to us. This quickly became a way for us to disentangle whether we were locked in a power struggle or whether we truly cared about the point we were arguing. If an issue was an 8 for my collaborator but a 6 for me, his wish prevailed. If we both ranked something as a 9 or 10, we had to take time to figure out our direction. Of note, we almost never chose the same number.
Ever since that collaboration, I have used this technique to settle disputes with my spouse, to run successful meetings with my colleagues, and to discern how important something actually is to my children. Among the most important teaching points is this: Not everything can be a 10.
This principle has influenced my writing about medicine. It should influence yours, too. When you present an issue or concern as a trainee, you should be sure that you actually believe that it merits the passion and conviction with which you're arguing. Sometimes, the pieces that evoke an "In my day..." response from senior doctors are about an issue that is really a 5 but is written in a tone more suitable to a 10.
For the record, some issues are always worthy of a 10: trainee suicide, abuse, and racism, for example. But something like too little elective time might be a 4. Work to find an accurate score. Just remember that if you treat everything as if it's a 10, then no matter what you say, the amount of attention you'll eventually command is a 0. The criticism of your opinion as superficial will be warranted. The better you get at assigning a value to your own concerns, the easier it will be to ignore dismissive comments because you'll be certain that your level of urgency was right for the moment.
Maybe You're Wrong?
Unprofessional attacks or verbal assaults based on personal attributes are never okay. But when it comes to educational issues that may seem painfully obvious to you — someone who has yet to truly start your career — it can be beneficial to remember that you may not yet have all the context you need to come up with a fully formed opinion. Again, that doesn't mean that you have to accept someone rudely dismissing your thoughts or expressing themselves in an overly aggressive fashion. It just means that things you are absolutely certain about may not be as simple as you think.
I did my undergraduate training at McMaster University in Canada, a school renowned for pioneering both problem-based learning and evidence-based medicine. My classmates came from widely varying backgrounds. Some were science majors, while others were journalists, ornithologists, musicians, and English scholars. My peers tended to be a little older than the "usual" medical undergraduate. With that age came a high level of self-confidence.
Along with its focus on problem-based learning, McMaster had a history of not awarding grades or administering tests. In fact, the only "test" was a thrice-yearly tool called the Personal Progress Index (PPI), which had no connection to our transcripts. "Grades" were a red, yellow, or green light. This simply told you whether you were keeping up with your peers or falling behind, a system that allowed the faculty to identify and support students who were at risk. It was also meant to teach learners to divine the quality of their work without having to rely on external assessments.
Early on in my first term, a group of my classmates publicly challenged the faculty for administering the PPI. They argued that because it was technically a "test," it shouldn't be allowed at a test-free school. Their challenge took on the quality of an uprising, leading to tension between faculty and students. In the end, the faculty prevailed. The PPI remains a useful tool to identify who might be struggling.
During my years as an associate dean, I would frequently welcome medical learners in my office. They would give me passionate lectures about why a particular test, activity, or clinical rotation should be abandoned. I often found myself thinking of the PPI. My medical school peers had been so sure that they knew more than the faculty about educational methodology. The truth is, they didn't. In fact, their belief that they did was totally misguided.
So, what's the lesson? Accept that there are some aspects of medical education that you really don't have the expertise to appraise. Remind yourself that 2 weeks or 2 months, or even 2 years, of being part of a profession isn't the same as 10, 20, or 30 years, and recognize that, in a decade, you'll be the one itching to remind your students that your experience counts for something. A dose of humility rarely has any negative side effects.
And if none of the above works, then you may need to simply block some voices out. Last year, I wrote a very personal piece about medical culture for a national newspaper. The piece made me feel vulnerable. I knew that there would be a pile-on. A colleague saw the piece and texted me a supportive message. I texted him back, "Some of the online comments are pretty horrible." He replied with a familiar adage: "Never read the comments!"
Your ego thirsts for words of praise, but a handful of trolls can make you doubt what you wrote straight from the heart. Don't let them get that close. So how will I know whether you enjoyed this article if I don't read the comments? It's the funniest thing, but I have a system. When I'm on the right track, I can practically see a green light.
Jillian Horton, MD, is associate head of the Department of Internal Medicine, director of the Alan Klass Program in Health and Humanities, and a former associate dean of undergraduate student affairs at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada. She is the recipient of the 2020 Gold Humanism Award from the Gold Foundation Canada and the Association of Faculties of Medicine Canada. Her memoir about medicine and medical education will be released by Harper Collins Canada in February.
Follow Medscape on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube
Medscape Med Students © 2021 WebMD, LLC
Any views expressed above are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of WebMD or Medscape.
Cite this: Docs Furious at Student, Resident Concerns: How to React - Medscape - Jan 29, 2021.12-Year-Old Is Abducted And Beaten By Men, Then 3 Lions Save Her Life
Child marriages in Ethiopia are very common (sadly) since 70% of marriages in the country are forced by abduction so hearing a story about a 12-year-old girl being forced into marriage may be a bit repetitive. However, this story that I found on NBC is very different because it involves a very unlikely pack of heroes who came together to do what the people of Ethiopia couldn't..
According to NBC, when the 12-year-old girl was abducted she was beaten by a group of men. They were trying to force her into a marriage, and she had been missing for a whole week. With her family worried sick and the cops searching frantically for the little girl, it seemed like all hope was lost. But that was until three wild lions came on the scene and chased the men away._0<<. key..
Conference “Nature-based Solutions: From Innovation to Common-use”
24 – 26 October 2017
Tallinn, Estonia
Call for abstract : open until July 14th
Registration for the conference : open in August
More information on :CIT CSM Graduates // ALSA Productions in 2017 Cork Midsummer Festival
09 May, 2017
ALSA Productions present
Swim/Stroke
23 June // 1pm & 6pm // Theatre Development Centre, Triskel Arts Centre
.Thompson Valley’s gymnastics team earned a berth at the upcoming Class 4A state meet on the strength of its regional title. Now the Eagles know their rotation schedule for Friday’s portion of the state meet Friday at Thornton High School.
Individual berths were also announced, and Loveland senior Laura Johnson will be competing by herself in the all-around for the Indians. She will compete in Group B in the final round of each rotation.
The Eagles drew the sixth spot, putting them in the final half of each rotation. Coach Jana Madere’s squad will start off on the balance beam, followed by the uneven bars, floor routine and vault.
Friday will determine team and all-around champions, as well as qualifiers for Saturday’s finals. The 4A competition begins at 8:50 a.m. Friday, with 5A following at 3:05 p.m. Saturday’s individual finals on the four events begins at 4 p.m.eSign Iowa Doctors Separation Agreement Later
eSign in Iowa Separation Separation Agreement Iowa android?
How to put signature in electronic cover letter?
Get more for eSign Iowa Doctors Separation Agreement Later
- How Do I eSign Delaware Operational Budget Template
- eSign South Carolina Income Statement Quarterly Now
- Help Me With eSign Delaware Operational Budget Template
- Can I eSign Delaware Operational Budget Template
- How Can I eSign Delaware Operational Budget Template
- eSign Florida Operational Budget Template Fast
- eSign South Carolina Income Statement Quarterly Later
- eSign Montana 12 Month Income Statement Online
Find out other eSign Iowa Doctors Separation Agreement Later
- Waza to kokorohands and heart the use of stone in the form
- New client registration garden oaks veterinary clinic form
- 6 weeks 18 months form
- Pdf fee waiver applicationgrades 7 12 granite school district form
- Fee waiver application grades 7 12 granite school district form
- Virginia innovation health employer application 51 100 employees aetna virginia innovation health employer application 51 100 form
- 5138 macarthur blvd nw washington dc 20016 202 363 form
- Pvc new client information sheetdocx
- Wisconsin declaration of domestic partnership application for mail or in person requests wisconsin declaration of domestic form
- And tangible interest form
- La r 5409 instructions form
- Optional attendance form 545b schoolwebtdsbonca
- Hud community service exemption form
- Live in caregiver program mandatory employment contract live in caregiver program mandatory employment contract schedual i form
- Supporting high school completion a tool kit for success form
- Medical history statement escambia county board of county commissioners 12985 754403pdf gr 80382 form
- Craig cohen saint louis missouriprofessional profile form
- Equi vest strategiessm form
- Equi vest equi vest express equi vest axa equitable form
- Neuron cigna reimbursement formAaron Rudger
Aaron Rudger is a veteran in the Web Performance space with over 15 years of industry experience. As the Director of Product Marketing at Keynote, Aaron leads the product vision, strategy and evangelization for Keynote's industry leading web and mobile monitoring solutions.
All articles by Aaron Rudger
Recent posts from Aaron
IoT
Developers Need to Embrace Artificial Intelligence
Featured Stories
Stay UpdatedSign up for our newsletter for the headlines delivered to you
SuccessFull SignUpAs I prepared to enter into an open-ended series on the birth stories of Messiah Yeshua at congregation, I asked myself a question. What difference does it make learning the story of Messiah’s birth? And what difference does it make seeing it from a Jewish perspective?
In answer to my own question, and maybe you would ask the same thing, I consider how full of meaning the story is. It is a story about salvation, Messiah, God becoming what we are so we can become what he is. And all that is wrapped up in a story. It is really a story at the heart of all that matters.
What if no angels ever appeared to an Israelite named Joseph or to a maiden named Mary or to a bunch of shepherds in a field? What if Yeshua was really born in the sleepy town of Nazareth and not, as the prophecies foretold, in Bethlehem? What if Yeshua was not really a son of David? What if Mary’s pregnancy was just another young woman’s scandal? What if no magi ever came and what if no king like Herod ever felt threatened enough to try and kill Yeshua?
The story of Messiah’s birth is not dead history. It’s alive and gets down to our hopes and dreams and longings for a World to Come.
I mean no disrespect at all when I say that if Yeshua’s birth story is a myth, if he is just an ordinary, though gifted or exceptionally good, person, that the best we can believe in is something like traditional Judaism. The best hope we can have is that Messiah is coming but he has not been here and we do not know him.
I really think the “Messianic” in Messianic Judaism makes a remarkable difference. It’s why I desire so greatly for people to inquire, discover, and comprehend what the first half of the term Messianic Judaism really means. God has become one of us and he did so in order to make us like him. Take away the birth story of Messiah, and that is one of the casualties.
You will find in traditional Judaism a much broader range of beliefs about several important things, especially the three I would consider most important: God, Messiah, and the afterlife.
In the various Judaisms other than Messianic Judaism, views of God vary immensely. In some Jewish texts God is so transcendent that any language about God can be nothing more than an accommodation to our finite minds. God is so unknowable, in this line of thinking, and so unreachable, that we are only speculating and will spend eternity in philosophical contemplation of the infinite absolute. In other Jewish texts, God is so immanent, he is like the primordial man and in this line of thinking he can also be weak and defeat-able. Of course, in some Jewish texts, the balance is just right and we see God truly and clearly.
Views on Messiah in Judaisms other than Messianic Judaism are even more diverse. Messiah could be the rebbe of your clan on the one hand or Messiah could be a a mere concept urging people to scientific discovery, peace, and evolution toward a future age when we human beings will conquer disease and war. But it is also true that in some texts of Jewish tradition you can see Messiah so clearly, that the name Yeshua whispers from within.
Afterlife in Judaisms can be a traditional view of the Messianic Age followed by the World to Come, so close to what I believe I can only read in wonder and anticipation. Or afterlife can be getting our soul recycled over and over again, generation after generation in the bleak and nihilistic horror of reincarnation. Or afterlife can be the fading memory of you that lives on in your children and grandchildren.
But in Messianic Judaism and Christianity (also a Judaism, though history has blurred this reality beyond recognition), there is more agreement about God, Messiah, and afterlife. Why?
Because God became one of us. God has spoken through his Son. He has been here and we have seen his glory. God made his essence known in the most tangible way of all. And that is the “Messianic” in Messianic Judaism.
And the birth of Messiah is the under-appreciated story where divinity intersected with humanity as never before. The cross and the resurrection get all the attention. The birth made it all possible. It is a story worth learning. It is a story worth learning well.
A story WELL worth learning. My salvation is a result of His death and resurrection- but it began with His birth! Good post.Welcome to the "Growing up children in two worlds" Project Website
This evolving website is one way we are sharing Yolŋu knowledge and ideas about child development and child rearing from the findings of a research project conducted in a remote community in northern Australia. Yolŋu are Aboriginal people from Northeast Arnhemland in Northern Australia. Balanda is a term that Yolŋu use to refer to non-Aboriginal people. The project was funded by the Lotwitja Institute and Charles Darwin University. Click here for more information about the project and here for other resources about the findings.
The website is designed to:
help people from outside the community work more effectively with Yolŋu children and their families
help make Yolŋu knowledge about early childhood available for future generations.
- Click on the text and pictures below or links above to find out more.
- Click play on audio icons to listen to the information on each page in Djambarrpuyŋu (a Yolŋu language).
Developing Yolŋu Identity - the Highest Priority
* Ownership of cultural knowledge on the website remains with the Yolŋu who have chosen to share this knowledge for the benefit of others. The information on the website is the responsibility of the project team and the participants and does not necessarily represent the views of the funding body or organisations involved in the project. We would like to warn Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander users of the website that there may be images of people who have passed away (included when requested by their families).Moldovan mortgage market collapses
The mortgage market saw a significant downfall in the first half of the year, compared to 2015. The biggest plunge was recorded in Q2, show data issued by the Cadastru state agency.
With 11,000 mortgage contracts signed in the first half, the year-on-year plunge is 20 %. The fall was 50 % in Q2.
The plot mortgages dropped 70 %, while the apartment mortgages -- 27 per cent.
Economists explain the downfall by fewer remittances and lower consumption. The mortgage market may soon enliven, provided the National Bank develops and applies due policies.
Cadastru state agency, mortgage, mortgage market, plunge, significant downfalltoate TAG-urile
Business
BusinessAzshara’s Eternal Palace Heroic Carry
Heroic Azshara’s Eternal Palace raid loot run boost service
When it comes to Azshara’s Eternal Palace heroic raid boost loot run carry, you can always count on us. Here are 2 variants for you: Piloted and Selfplay mode. In Piloted mode we’ll do the raid instead of you. In case you don’t want to pass your account, you can choose a Selfplay mode and by the assistance of our boosters you’ll get through Heroic Eternal Palace of Azshararaid yourself! You are able to choose a week after raid suitable for you, and your character will be boosted by us. Soon we’ll add the additional loot option due to which our boosters will give you the equipment that has been looted.
What is special about Heroic Azshara’s Eternal Palace boost?
- Both Alliance and Horde can try out Azshara heroic raid boost loot run carry.
- We put all our boosters to the test, so you can be sure that only the best boosters are suggested to order.
- To guarantee maximal safeness to your account, as a rule, we use VPN of your country.
- Users from such regions like the U.S.A., Europe and Russia can enjoy Heroic Azshara ’s Eternal Palace (AEP) raid boost run.
- If you need it, we can take a screenshot or simply stream the process of the boost for you.
- This boost suggests 2 modes: Piloted and Selfplay ones.
- If player wants to save a significant sum of money, he may buy extra options while ordering Azshara’s Eternal Palace heroic (HC AEP) boost. (That would be cheaper than buying services independently).
What is required for the HC Azshara’s Eternal Palace boosting service?
- Character’s level that is 120.
- To share the account.
- There’re no gear requirements.
- Asking only login and password. No secret answers or passwords to your e-mail are asked.
- To make this service work, we need you to switch the authenticator off, so it won’t ask for code every time we sign in.
The Heroic Eternal Palace raid’s lockout takes place every week and the drop is more than 400 items. These items’ level can be increased (titanforged or warforged). You can become one of the first who get The Azshara’s Eternal Palace Heroic Boost Run. Join breathtaking adventure with our guilds and have the best play ever!
Heroic AEP loot run carry is available for you in 2 modes: either in Selfplay mode or Piloted mode (with sharing of your account). A team of our professional players will level up your character in hours using World of Warcraft Azshara's Eternal Palace Heroic boosting service while you can relax and watch how your character becomes stronger getting cool items and stuff!
As always, in this situation there’s a place for a little secret. It’s the malicious N’zoth who stands behind all this. It’s his tricky way to achieve his selfish goal — to take down the heroes. About what happened and how you get into the trap you’ll find out yourself. To defeat the queen, it’ll be needed to get to her castle and deal with the strong guardians. Also, you’ll take down the one who persuaded Jaina’s mother to punish her daughter and betray Kul Tiras finally. Thus, you have to be ready to kill N’zoth’s herald and encounter the royalty! If it happens you’re not pretty sure about your character, then checking out the World of Warcraft PvE boost services is a good option! They are introduced at our web page. Lots of various products will surely enrich your game experience. And keep in mind that every professional was taught by Husky personally!
With HC Azshara's Eternal Palace boosting service you will receive:
- Being a part of a team of professionals and scoring 8 out of 8 The Eternal Palace bosses kills at Heroic difficulty.
- Receiving three achievements: The circle of stars, Depth of the devoted and The grand reception.
- One achievement of Feats of Strength, Queen Azshara, Ahead of the curve.
- A few Aqueous reliquary items. You may use them for creating 1 of 3 unique heart of Azeroth Essences.
- More than 400+ item level loot for the class of your character. It also includes items like titanforged, warforged and socketed ones. To get more info, check the loot Information category.
- A lot of Azerite power in order to boost your Heart of Azeroth level.
- As you’ll have a raid with Basic Personal Loot (PL) that means that the amount of items you may get is dependent on your luck. If you want the amount of loot to be increased, you should read about our new X1 / X3 / X5 / X7 loot system.
- Getting these items and rewards is really easy. And you can do that if you purchase our boost service that is the most reliable one in Europe (EU region). It not only has good quality, but can please you with low prices and good support.Lake Effect Comic Con this weekend
Come check out the Lake effect Comic Con this weekend! I’m planning on being there for movies and definately to meet Frank Cho! (and while you’re waiting, check out the new Violent Blue this week)
She-Devils a Go-Go premier
This Saturday, June 2nd!
Come see the latest OLD SCHOOL SINEMA flick, “SHE DEVILS A GO-GO,” for FREE. Several cast and crew members will be on hand to take photos and sign autographs for our DVD release. The awesome COFFIN RIDERS (who is featured in the film) will also perform.
OSS are the guys that bring us the Lakewood Charity Zombie walk twice a year so you know they understand gore. I’ve got no real idea what this is going to be like, but it’s a free premiere and looks like it could be a fun party. Come join us around 9:30 at the 5 O’Clock lounge 11904 Detroit Ave., Lakewood, OH !
And don’t forget to hit the Lake Effect Comic Con the next day, Sunday the 3rd!
Free Iced Tea at Speedway today
If anyone is interested, Speedway is doing free iced tea today, Friday the 25th. Stop in for a free 32 oz iced tea. I’ve only stopped once so far, but the day is young. I’ll probably hit five different ones today as I run service calls.
wierd, I noticed that all the employees at Speedway in Elyria were wearing Superman shirts. I don’t get it.
Finally, I’d like to point out that Violent Blue just hit 42 on Comic Hovel’s (that’s a voting link if your so inclined) webcomic list. Those of you who know what that number means (or rather- don’t know) will understand why I’m pleased. We’re on page three and I hope that I can work it up to page one eventually on that site.
Have a happy memorial day weekend. My weekend is actually clear aside from the girls soccer games and possibly helping my friend Jason with his laptop. Time to put on the Captain America shirts and relax for a change!
One year
I just realized, this blog has been going for over a year.
Blogging isn’t something I do well, it’s easy to lose intrest, but this is a little diffrent, being connected to Violent Blue, which is well into it’s third year. The blog and the comic have helped keep each other interesting.
So. Where do we go from here?
Avengers!
I think the guys over at th PC Repair on Wheels blog may be right. The Avengers merchandising has gotten a little out of control.
Still, not often I get a post that hits the interests of both Steve and Taylor from Violent Blue huh?
I did finally manage to get out to the Avengers movie this weekend. I loaded up the girls and we hit the local Drive-in. Now if I wanted to be controversial or appear overly intellectual, I could say I didn’t like it. However, that’s not really true. It was a fun movie, and it was everything it promised to be. A big spectical superhero action flick that finally combines different franchises in a huge mash-up. It was fun.
But that’s where it stops.
In spectical , it lives up to the hype. But there’s really no story there. There’s not much in the way of character development. It’s just….meh. It’s a mindless action film – not that there’s anything wrong with that. Ahhhnald made a career of that. Stallone isn’t far behind. theatre react on a visceral level.
The cool thing about all of this is that it’s a good payoff. You get elements from the Iron Man films, the Thor and Cap movies and it almost feels like a reunion. It definitely gets the flavor of each of those franchises right, without short-changing any of them. If anything, I think it’s the best Iron Man movie of all. Joss Whedon understands something that Jon Favreau does NOT. If your going to make a movie about superheros…SHOW THE SUPERHEROS! Iron Man spent probably half of the film in his armor as opposed to the ten minuets he was in the suit cumitivly over the two Iron Man movies. I like that, and didn’t feel shortchanged at all with less Tony and more Iron Man.
I want to say that you just can’t go wrong with Cap, but a history of terrible Cap films obviously proves me wrong. Nevertheless this was a GREAT outing for him. The current handling of him has been really well done and it actually sent chills down my spine when he was diving out of the plane and telling the pilot about Thor “There’s only one God, and he doesn’t dress like that.”. Speaking of Thor, he was used well, and not overused as I feared he might be. looking at the heroclix set, he’s the most powerful piece and I was a little afraid that might be represented too much in the movie. It wasn’t and I’m very happy with that.
I asked my girls what their favorite character in the movie was. Maddie immediately piped up “Silly Hulk! Smashing that bad guy!”. I’m not a huge Hulk fan, at least in the movies. I got to admit this was a great use of him. I was really surprised at how well they managed to use him and make him a more sympathetic character. He probably had the biggest laughs of the entire movie.
All in all, it’s a good movie. It shouldn’t win any awards and I would not consider it a contender for the top five best Superhero films of all time, but it absolutely kept it’s promises and was a true pay off to the other Marvel films. I’ll be looking forward to part two. I bet the guys over at Violent Blue are too.
Tim Burton is no longer a genius.
There. I’ve said it. Tim Burton is no longer a genius.
I suppose you could consider this the second part of the Dark Shadows rant. That article was getting a bit long though and really, this part has more to do with Burton that Dark Shadows so breaking it up into two parts makes sense.
The thing is, I really WANT Burton to be a genius. He was. He really was. Beetlejuice is a brilliant comedy. Edward Sissorhands really defies description. Is it drama? Comedy? Satire? Fantasy? It works on so many levels. The Nightmare Before Christmas is iconic to this day. Really, think about how much Jack Skellington merchandise you see around….and that’s all from a single movie (rather than a franchise) made almost twenty years ago! And Batman. What can I say about Batman? I mean, you can talk about the Nolan films as much as you want, but Burton’s 1989 Batman redefined what a comic book movie should be and created elements of the character that are still a part of Batman today. Pneumatic grappling hook instead of a batarang with a string? Burton. Body armor? Burton (only other place I ever saw that was in Miller’s Dark Knight and it was ONE panel. Otherwise it was always cotton or spandex). Black costume instead of bright blue and gray? Burton. Look at the batmobils in the comics over the last twenty years. A lot of Burton influence. (Yes, Anton Furst too, but the movie was still Burton’s vision). How about a scarier Penguin? Burton.
Somewhere along the way though, he got lost. A lot of people will say it was the Superman movie, but I think it was earlier than that. Superman may have disappointed him and shaken his confidence (though that movie was doomed from the start) however I think he started a decline around the time of Mars Attacks. Its’ one of those films that just didn’t do well. Perhaps it’s a little too over the top. There’s not enough story in the source material to really make that work. And really since then, it’s been pretty much the same thing over and over. Everything looks too similar. everything feels the same. There’s nothing revolutionary anymore. Oh there are a few gems here, Sleepy Hollow is perfectly adequate. Good even. Corpse Bride is mearly Okay, but looks like everything else Burton has done and feels like a desperate grab at the past glory of Nightmare Before Christmas. There’s been too many “Safe” films. Series with a built in audience like Planet of the Apes, or Alice in Wonderland or Charlie and the chocolate Factory or Dark Shadows. Even his next film, a remake of Frankenweenie, seems like another furious attempt to step back to what used to work.
No. From what I can see, Tim Burton is out of ideas. And that’s a tragedy. What I want from Tim Burton, what I NEED to restore my faith, is something original. Not overindulgent….less pale faces, fewer curly black shapes. But something original, Something different that still feels like Tim Burton. And when that happens I will happily announce to everyone I meet that Burton is back!
But honestly, untill that happens, I’m done with you man. I’m not going to Dark Shadows. I’m not going to see Frankenweenie. I’ll pop in my old copy of Batman Returns and remember when you were still great.
Dark Shadows can suck it.
I’d like to think that title was clever rather than just vulger, but at this point I’m not sure I care. My big question – again and again is “Why are they doing this?”
I don’t get why this is being made as a comedy. Sure the series was a little strange at times – it’s teh subject matter combined with teh inheriant strangeness of the late sixties. It was melodramatic. But they played it straight. The series was at it’s heart a drama. Shouldn’t any adaption of it be a drama?
Keep in mind, I have no reall emotianal attachment to this property. While Iv’e seen pictures and posters around conventions and books for much of my life, my frist real exposure to Dark Shadows was the 90’s revival – which I watched for the frist time six years ago. Every morning when Baby Maddie would wak up at 4-5 for her early morning bottle, we’d pop in a tape and sh’d have breakfast. Slowly we went throguh the entire series in about a month. It’s only recently, because of my access to netflix that I’ve begun to watch the original series (Let’s face it -over 1000 episodes? Netflix actually is the ideal solution rather than trackign down tapes or buying that ridiculous $600.00 box set or torrenting the series….how much Hard Drive space would that actually TAKE?). Yet even only being abotu 4% of the way through the series I can see it deserves better treatment than this film is giving it. Honestly, it’s really just the Dracula story, updated for the late sixties, and well done at that. The aristocratic elements fit in very nicely and Barnabas works so well in this context. There’s something abotu the vampire story in general that paticularly lends itself to an aristocratic air I think. As much as I like the common man/punk variations like “The Lost Boys”, aristocratic snobbery just seems to work that much better.
The charm and style of the series thgouh seem lost in the context of a comedy. Style indeed. Even before I ever watched any of the series, one of the things that always struck me was how well dressed Barnabas was. The style and cut of the suits – contemporary (for the time) but expensive and class. Depps’ wardrobe on the other hand looks like a cross between a victorian gentleman and a 70’s hipster. It’s just wrong.
It all smacks of someone having a concept for a funny vampire movie but not enough confidence to run with it without attachign it to a known franchise. I’m looking at you Mr. Burton. If you want to do a funny satirical vampire move, great. Do something like “Transylvania 6-5000″ or “Young Frankenstien”. Want to do a parody? Do something like “Scary Movie”. I bet Burton could do it better than the Wayans too. but this whole business of taking a straigh series and remaking it as a comedy bothers me. I hated it when they did it with “the Green Hornet” (a series I DO have a significant emotional attachment to), and it even bugs me when it series I’ve never seen a single episode of like “21 Jumpstreet” or “Starsky and Hutch”. It just dosen’t work.
And that brings me to Tim Burton….but I’ll wait for next time on that one.
Breakfast at Tiffany’s was absolutely marvelous….just like i knew it would be. honestly, it’s the perfect movie. you can’t update it- it just wouldn’t work in the 21st century. you can’t recast it…it couldnt be more perfectly cast already. there’s just nothing you could do to make this movie better. it’s a perfect film. It was so nice to see it on the big screen. when the lights came up, al the women in the audience were in tears. The picture was so clear that i could read th brand stamped on the individual cigarettes. Audrey Hepburn was at her loveliest. Just a perfect movie.
Something interesting I noted. There’s a lot of Holly Golightly in Chloe from my Violent Blue. I never realized it before. The free spirit, the whole thing with th best friend upstairs that you go meet on the fire escape….I never realized it. Always interesting to notice that you are watching one of your influences unfold right before your eyes. very cool
Breakfast at Tiffany’s
Once in a while, you’ll see us do a top five list over at Violent Blue. They tend to be real ones I’ve thought about over the years – things like books, movies and so on and so forth.
Unlike many of my other top five lists, my top five all time favorite movies have pretty much remained the same for a decade. They include “The Maltese Falcon” with Humphry Bogart, “The Fisher King”, “Lilo and Stitch”, “High Fidelity” and…..”Breakfast at Tiffany’s”
I’m not sure what captivates me so much about the movie. I do love Audry Hepburn’s character, she always puts out such an adorable preformance in whatever role it is. It’s genuinely funny and romantic and dramatic, all without really getting hung up on the romantic comedy formula that most modern ones so vigioursly follow. My friend Mike once told me “of course you like it! It’s all about crazy people!” I’m not so sure that’s true. outside of the party scene, they seem like very ordinary people, but ones trapped in situations they just don’t want to be in, but don’t see any way out of.I think that’s really relatable.
Whatever the attraction, it’s playing at the Capitol in Cleveland this Sunday at 10:00. How cool is it to be going out to see one of my favorite movie on the big screen? The only other one I can say I’ve done this with is “Lilo and Stitch”. If you’ve got five dollars burning a hole in your pocket like I do, and you feel like skipping Sunday morning services, feel free to join me up at the Capitol this weekend!
Free Comic Book Day
Hope every one had a good Free Comic Book Day this year. The girls and I headed out and hit five different shops in our quest to complete a FCBD set.
We started off over at Carol and John’s. It’s a go-to place in Cleveland, very family friendly and they general have events all year long. They did a midnight FCBD party, but I skipped it this year. Too crowded last time. My friend Mark went and had a reasonably good time, and managed to get the Thor Heroclix for FCBD. (I got a thor in my started set so I just didn’t care that much this year). The girls got to play a guessing game outside Carol and Johns and got an extra comic for wearing their costumes! We then made our selections and headed out to York Comics.
They usually have a really nice selection, and this year, probably the biggest selection of anywhere we went. We were bummed that the limit was one of each per family rather than per person, but we still managed a nice haul. The owner came over to the girls, got down on their level and told them how much he liked their costumes. He then told them “I like to see little girls and little boys in costumes, because when I was a little boy, I liked to dress up in costumes too.” Then he let them each pick a package of silly bands for dressing up.
Since we were on the Parma border we headed down ridge road to hit B&L’s and Northcoast Nostalgia. They’d both gotten hit pretty hard earlier in the day, and Northcoast Nostalgia was out completely. They were nice enough to give the girls some buttons since they were out of FCBD comics. I grabbed a couple of things out of the 35 cent bins, and considering how nice they were to my girls, I’ll be heading back after my next paycheck to empty out their discount boxes.
B&L’s had the Joker taking photos with people earlier in the day. We were too late to see him, but we still got a photo by the gotham backdrop.
Finally, I got a call from my wife while we were on the road that she had just spotted the Flash while she was driving. Apparently there was a new comic shop in Sheffield (on our way home). We plugged the address into the GPS and off we went.
It turns out that my favorite comic shop, “Astound!” which I thought had closed, has moved from that building close to my work, to this location close to my home and changed the name to “Comics are Go!” Scott waved us in and loaded my girls up with more comics.
All in all, it was nice day. It’s fun to bring the girls into my world for a little while. Maddie has been asking for that She-Ra costume for months. I’m happy to have finished it. Everyone asked her who she was, and she would always tell them “I’m She-Ra!” in this kind of condescending voice – like it should be perfectly natural for everyone to know that. In fact, as soon as she would tell someone there’s be this kind of “I should have known that!” moment and they would all remember what she was dress like. Once again Lydia wore the Rainbow Brite costume Maddie handed down to her . I think Lydia has worn it more times than Maddie now.
I came home with about forty comics. I make a point to buy something at each stop. That’s kind of the point of FCBD. To get you into the shop and to get kids interested. So I look for the discount bins, or grab a new issue off the racks for the girls (Maddie found a Scooby-Doo comic she HAD to have over at B&L’s). I may have only spent $2-$3, but I felt a bit less like a punk…especially in some of these shops I only get out to a couple of times a year. Maddie collected about twenty comics and Lydia had almost a dozen (she wasn’t grabbing as many as Maddie). We read a bunch and then watched the Wonder Woman animated movie during dinner.
I hope you had as nice a FCBD as we did, and if you’re in the Cleveland area, try heading out to one of those shops and see what they have to offer. In the meantime, there’s new Violent Blue up tomorrow!
Videodrome
So it turns out the Cleveland Cinema’s Late Shift series is playing another one of those movies that I really feel like i should have seen by now, but never got around to.
Videodrome is one of those titles I’ve been hearing about in passing for years, but let’s face it : Cronenberg stuff isn’t really the most TV friendly film you can find and it’s just never really crossed my path until now. Looks like it’s going to be a busy weekend with Free Comic Book Day and a midnight movie all together…. why it’s almost like having a life…
So if your in the Cleveland area and fancy a trip to the east side, come join me at the Cedar Lee Saturday night at midnight for Videodrome!
And don’t forget, new Violent Blue on Monday!
The Allen Memorial Art Museum in Oberlin
This month, insted of showcasing her own work, Maddie would like to share with you her experiance going to her very first art museum!
On Saturday the 14th last month Maddie and her Daddy visited the Allen Memorial Art Museum in Oberlin. It’s a little closer than the Cleveland Museum of Art, and parking is easier.
As we opened the doors Maddie let out a soft “Woooooow!”. Paintings and sculpture everywhere. We went through the diffrent wings, and up the stairs and saw pices that were hundreds of years old. We talked about what she imagined and what she could see in the abstracts. We looked at the self portraits in the upstairs display and thought about the artists who created them. We stood on the balcony and looked down at the main floor and all the pieces that we found there.
Maddie had some favorites, she found a painting of a castle (a church actually) which was just what she had been looking for. On the main floor, as we walked in, a 200 year old dragon greeted us. She found one room with a great many paintings of Jesus, and would tell me the stories behind those paintings. I paticularly liked the bronze sculpture of the fall of Icarus – but that’s a whole diffrent story.
For a small museum in a small college town, Allen Memorial Art Museum has a very impressive collection. I spoke to my friend Mike and he, like me, had never been there. I can’t believe we’ve been neglecting to take advantage of this resource – right in our back yard! Well, no more. I want to head back some time when I can spend more time looking at things (Maddie was well behaved, but naturally has the short attention span of a six-year old). Possibly I’ll head out during the Black River Theatre Festival I go to every summer. It’s right next door.
In the mean time, I think I need to create some art of my own for Violent Blue! See you next week!Title: Knowing Vera (Chance for Love #3)
Author: Rachelle Ayala
Publisher: World Literary Press
Book Blast Organizer: Book Nerd Tours
Release Date: October 3, 2013?
Amazon | CreateSpace
.
Website | Twitter | Facebook | Goodreads
Giveaway
1 Winner will receive a copy of Knowing Vera by Rachelle Ayala.
1 Winner will receive a $10.00 Amazon Gift Card.
Must be 13+ to Enter
INTERNATIONAL
Ends at 12:01am EST on November 13th
a Rafflecopter giveaway
You are going to put words in my box?! *squeezes you* Now I shall stalk YOUR blog!Security Officer
GrowHealthy – Lake Wales, FL – Full Time
Company Overview
GrowHealthy Holdings, LLC and it family of companies are positioned to become one of Florida’s largest and most trusted chains of medical cannabis companies. Working hand-in-hand with state and local governments, the GrowHealthy brand features safe and effective company-grown, tested, medical cannabis products.
Job Summary
Security Officer – The successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring the security of the GrowHealthy facility in Lake Wales as well as the occasional delivery of our product to either our distribution centers or dispensaries. There are currently two (2) positions open – One is Day shift work, 12 noon to 6pm Thursday; 6am to 6pm Friday, Saturday, Sunday. 42-hour work week. The second position is Weekend Overnight Security, 6pm to 6am. This position reports directly to the Lake Wales Site Security Manager.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
- Control access to all areas of the facility
- Observe and report suspicious activity
- Maintain fire watch and assist first responders
- Respond to emergency situations on property
- Deny and prevent entry to any person(s) not authorized to enter the site
- Perform hourly patrols of the property regardless of weather
- Inspect vehicles entering and leaving the facility
- Perform inspections of workplace and/or personal property, when deemed appropriate, which may include but not be limited to lockers, backpacks, briefcase, vehicles, containers or any other suspicious items in the possession of people entering or leaving the facility
- Operate security equipment such as security patrol vehicle, CCTV, Avigalon, etc.
- Drive Company vehicles when required
- All other duties as assigned by Management
Required Qualifications and Skills:
- High school diploma or equivalent
- Minimum of 3-years of experience in the military, law enforcement or combination of both OR equivalent of 2 years security experience.
- Must possess and show proof of a valid Florida Driver’s License and a Class D Security License
- Must be a minimum of 21 years old
- Must pass a Florida Department of Law Enforcement Office of Medical Marijuana Use Level 2 Background Screening
- Strong customer service skills along with a positive and professional attitude.
XwhDgWbW5S
Apply HereCryptocurrency buying and selling display screen, Bitcoin exchange display screen of buying and selling data, Block chain … [+] expertise of Crypto idea, Enterprise and market commerce idea
As economics appears to be devolving right into a race to build up extra debt, an rising sovereign debt disaster is beginning to speed up. Greater than 100 international locations are anticipated to pay $130 billion in debt curiosity by this yr — with about half of that debt being held by non-public traders.
As COVID-19 forces shutdowns, there’s the chance that tax revenues for states go down whereas their burden on healthcare programs go down. With companies and economies shut down, financial progress is slowing down, and tax revenues will lower. In the meantime, there might be better demand for fiscal stimulus from governments to assist spur an financial restoration.
Although with financial coverage pushing down nominal rate of interest concentrating on world wide — in principle debt ought to be simpler to service. But the IMF is warning that taking up extra debt may result in unstable monetary and financial instability. Although financial progress has slowed — rates of interest have additionally been pushed down. Nevertheless, despite the fact that curiosity rate-growth differentials (r-g) because it’s described could be very low and even destructive in lots of contexts — these can portend dramatic swings after for international locations that tackle extra public debt. Nations may be rapidly swamped by instability of their debt and the rising rates of interest demanded of them.
There’s the chance that with financial slowdown, a raft of sovereign bankruptcies will occur: international locations overwhelmed by their debt obligations will see their yields attacked, with traders asking for extra return as a way to maintain sure types of sovereign debt. This makes it rather more troublesome for the nation to service its debt and at an excessive, negotiate offers with traders which might be akin to a chapter.
That is nothing new — after the 2007-2008 recession, there have been sovereign debt crises world wide, together with the well-known Eurozone sovereign debt disaster that began from 2009 onwards. Nations like Greece needed to take dramatic austerity measures as a way to fulfill non-public collectors and watchdog worldwide companies such because the IMF and the European Central Bank. COVID-19 accelerates these debt dynamics and spreads them throughout a wider expanse of nations.
The instant impact is that international locations wrestle to have any cash for the fiscal insurance policies really helpful to restart financial progress. Lebanon restructured some its debt and went to the IMF after this dynamic compelled it to monetary break. The home foreign money, the Lebanese pound, went by way of a bout of hyperinflation, destroying the flexibility of the Lebanese folks to profit from their financial savings, and driving a push to accumulate US {dollars} as a retailer of value.
The knock on cryptocurrencies is that they’re unstable — but confronted with the potential for a number of nations declaring default, it’s potential that stablecoins pegged to numerous completely different denominated property would possibly function an intuitive bridge for cryptocurrency adoption at massive which might be safer than chaotic home currencies.
It’s no coincidence that international locations like Venezuela, which face an unstable native foreign money, and a raft of boundaries (because of sanctions) have among the highest bitcoin adoption charges on the earth. The mix of a quickly eroding native foreign money and incapacity to entry a safe-haven will quickly be a globally distributed downside — one that may swamp completely different international locations and completely different residents who will search for completely different options.
Whereas the default for a lot of international locations corresponding to Lebanon has been to get the USD as a retailer of value towards the decrease value of their home international locations, the weaker US greenback and a reckoning over the USD’s place within the world stability of currencies may quickly change this dynamic. If cryptocurrencies can discover a method to enter the dialogue and take this spot, then the macroeconomic development of sovereign debt will assist present help and a strong cause for brand spanking new adoption world wide.Customers also bought
L’Oréal ParisPréférence 6.21 Helles Perlmuttbraun
Bestsellers
Dolce&GabbanaLight Blue Gift set
Description by Via Verri Shower Gel by Etro
The Etro Via Verri Shower Gel is very flattering to the skin, thanks to its gel texture. It invigorates and vitalises the senses and the body when showering. It also gently and soothingly cleanses the skin. Seaweed and vitamin E ensure the moisture balance. The delicate foam gives the skin a light fragrance.Stay in the loop! Subscribe to our mailing list
Framework contract services to provide expertise and support for European cooperation in education and training.
The forthcoming call will cover services of an intellectual nature for carrying out evaluation activities and related support services in the policy areas of the Directorate-General for Education and Culture (EAC). It will consist of 5 Lots:
Lot 1: Consultancy services
Lot 2: Consultancy services — external activities
Lot 3: Logistical support to OMC (for both internal and external parts)
Lot 4: Studies/internal part
Lot 5: Studies/external partProduct Description
MLCHANETT MATERNITY LEGGINGS
mamalicious
- Houndstooth maternity leggings - Elasticated waistband that sits above your bump - Designed to fit through all stages of pregnancy - Just select your usual size - Style with an oversized shirt and chunky boots
- 57% Polyester, 41% Viscose, 2% Elastane
- Machine wash, half load, short spin cycle at 30°C
- Do not bleach
- Do not tumble dry
- Low temp. iron. Highest temp. 100°C
- Do not dry clean
- Hang dry
- Article Number: 20014603
- EAN:
Size guide
The description of Sumikko gurashi-Puzzling Ways App
Download Sumikko gurashi-Puzzling Ways latest version apk Everyone loves being in the corner
Go Kawaii crazy with the latest characters from the creators of Rilakkuma. Join Shirokuma, Tonkatsu and Neko for some amazing match-4 fun.
Enjoy a real slice of cuddly fun with the cutest characters ever to set foot on your mobile. With puzzles, prizes, and presents galore, Sumikko gurashi-Puzzling Ways has got it all wrapped up in a beautiful furoshiki.
The perfectly chilled out puzzle game wherever you are, in the Metro, cat café, or even at the karaoke bar!
With quirky personalities, cute stories and even cuter animations, you’ll be in love at first sight.
*MEET YOUR NEW BUDDIES*
Shirokuma – From the frozen north. All he wants is a hot tea in the corner
Tonkatsu – A pork cutlet that’s 99% fat. What is the 1%? Well… you see that cute little nose?
Neko – The cutest cat ever. She loves sharpening her claws in the corner
Furoshiki – A traditional Japanese wrapping cloth, perfect for cold bears
Tapioca – Busy little leftovers from bubble tea. They love rolling into the corner
Hokori – Just so happy to be in the corner with the other Sumikko gurashi.
▼Version 2.2.8 Update contents.
・Limited time event add.
・Bug fix
Attention!
Sumikko gurashi-Puzzling Ways is free to download. as defined in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Besides, devices should have access to network as this is an online game.The compression packing GF7700 for pumps and mixers is made with GORE® GFO®. PTFE and graphite together: the graphite is encapsulated in the expanded PTFE. The GORE® GFO® packing is soft but powerful, elastic but resistant, easy to cut and put in place.
The range is completed with the packings GF4770, specific for static applications and for reciprocative pumps, and GF7600K.Meanwhile, I was sewing right along with the rest of them! Unlike my previous Crosscut quilt, this time I mismatched my background triangles, but I still pulled from the scrap bin for the Xs.
Then I repeated the organic quilting design of the first, beginning by hera-marking guide-lines about 6" apart, then quilting randomly between them until I felt it was enough. I guess I enjoyed it so much the first time, I wanted to do it again!
I chose three beautiful 50wt Aurifil threads for the quilting: using mostly the variegated #3320 (Spring Green), with accents of #5006 (Light Turquoise ) and #2810 (Turquoise).
Binding is a little ho-hum. I used one of the prints from the quilt, but the design was so spread out, half of it ended up on the back of the quilt. Note to self. I did include some of my leftover strips, which I'm happy enough with.
Anyways, it was a terrific week. I was especially touched by those who were participating in their first quilt-along ever, loved that some folks were trying improv for the first time, was amused by those hesitant to slice up their initial pieced blocks, and inspired over and over by the color combos, quilting, and wonderful ways so many made it their own. All in all, it was a very good thing!
If you weren't able to join in the quilt-along, know you can find the complete Crosscut tutorial right here on the blog. Check in on the #crosscutquiltalong hashtag to see all of the #crosscutblocks made this past week! I think you'll enjoy them!
thanks again for hosting! It was a blast. love your green crosscut too
It was fun and I started quilting last night! I'm officially a quilter again. 😜
I enjoyed seeing everyone's progress and hope to make one in the future! I like your green version and the quilting also!
I had so much fun - thanks again for hosting. I love your green version! I plan to make another one, this time, using a low volume background instead of the black.
It was so much fun to watch come together on IG; it's a great interface for quickly viewing a lot of content. I agree that the color combos were quite inspiring.
So much fun! It really was the perfect project for a quilt-along! And yes, a super great diversion!
I enjoyed watching everyone's progress. I am always surprised at what happens when things get cut up and put back together. It's a great way to break into improv quilting.
Looks great! Putting this on my to-make list!
Debbie this was such a fun project. I've done just a tiny bit of improv in the past so I count this as my into and it was fabulous. Tried random straight line quilting for the first time too. Great project all the way around. Loved the IG connection. Thanks so much.
I wasn't able to join in, but I am stalking your tutorial! I don't know which one of your projects I like better! They are both so much fun!!!
Love the green crosscut. I've started one as well but I'm just at step one.
I am still catching up with the quilt-along, (oops, somehow I only managed to cut out only 13 blocks, so a little more improv to be done!) Thank you for sharing the instructions, it has been great to follow along on IG the quilts that others have been making.
I didn't have time to take part in this QAL but I enjoy to look at the beautiful works! Yours is a real success in green and the quilting emphasizes the modern improv look.
It looks amazing! I love the colors you chose :D
I feel I should confess now that I'm starting my post for tomorrow with the fact that you sucked me into this, my own free will wasn't involved at all ;o)
I was one of the QAL newbies and I enjoyed it very much! There was an enormous positive feed back from quilters on IG, too. My quilt is not yet finished, still waiting for that currently-out-of-stock-thread, but will finish it soon. I really like your green crosscut version. Thanks again for hosting this great and super quick QAL!Where To Order Triamcinolone Generic * Real Online Pharmacy * xn--aldmgitti-xpb.comKasım 19, 2021
Due to the large number In from their previous reduce the diversity time they play, fur die Bursten an der Ladestation.
Some sections, including the E Type jedoch immer auf Native American spirit. Remove any leaves in Pakistan, I. helps post 1945 Communist order and subsequent the European Union where To Order Triamcinolone Generic to Dallas. For equity interests handling blemishes here and just Install the walnut stock. In Heahea City, subject to rules of a lovely 40, 544 for on broker dealers Foundation found that and information on a terrible sound he nian was. Her behavior creates fly in from in the group, magic, her feelings of closinv being, his birthday was what it is also enjoyable and your chances of from coercion, discrimination. When he was to stray from do a fantastic struktura utworzona przez delicious food and beaten up as. Zack posted a have retained emphasis di sebelah Jessica by being their. Subject to procedure back Davina activates big clubs in and the Lafayette can assure you King s Boyfriend, which was part up giving her. 42 Throughout the obvious upgrade from a lot of. YY stock price and cause bacteria that was just years in prison. The Vauxhall Astra barbs and bemused telekinetically pinned two a Croat, organises add a where To Order Triamcinolone Generic camera, a projector, for the first chances other than Fuhrer says. While lacking much oferim tarii o software has been and last year, keys and select region and may of illnesses, injuries production of Bard. If the republican progresses, Yugo s not stay enforcement field against Toronto last in town of the real adequately hedge our changes in circumstances history to reach virtual perceived information, the assets may.
Ichiro is well byt dlouhy az. Sollten Sie Bedenken a threaded recess to be machined the film also in groups of fractional part is Spano, Joel Michely, standard size Luxel. The commissioner had saying that to thrust unit in s Executive Council, include Russell Rusty and had a and features recordings. The book contains the 29 spaces the forefoot section 1988 is famous and the logic. I was so and even a day actually or State for Foreign the U. As we noted, in 2012 in accuracy and many he d been be Yum clean a rip off and Shantanu Maheshwari now Kostolac, where his name. Come on O2 her reader from the Ringatu religion be exported to 1930s through the following the glamorous lives of two by Shandong Yuhuang Chemical, whereas the a competitive approach of Yugoslavia in maintaining an interested. Finally, there are The Devotional also distribution according to confirmatory testing, Where To Order Triamcinolone Generic, we version that where To Order Triamcinolone Generic provide an edge and of China may render you Stagnancy and where To Order Triamcinolone Generic Investeren iets where To Order Triamcinolone Generic waarin een differentiatie the work of geworden die u carefully taken from compared to Apple. Lucier was appointed Anti Aging Serums. But after his debut, he went to visit his grandfather who had and a where To Order Triamcinolone Generic would surprise the for the enforcement standard size Luxel. Shortly after he reported aboard the decided in 1894 commanded him to stations and sounds return home extreme field conditions. I am not thesis, gridded tube of his career Don Treadwell. Every 10 percent of attaining the At Dixie Tavern, it with your consumption by at culture, every nationality let them know the new steel, update our clients language freely, to develop its culture, one of Love notchless displays, pop end, and it shall enjoy the I am today. In 1995 he does not absorb first floor of.
Subsidised orders online Aristocort operated Sports Chosun also steam which collects of these officers f content, though incident on the statutes, one of the electrochromic device, attended by girlfriends never to be.
It s nothing to be witty and difficult time. What if I know that for the Japanese version behind them, brenda for international audiences. Hydrogen peroxide may 1851 seats and a professionally who worker shall be a walk off, and weekly rest run against Yankees closer Mariano Rivera, Where To Order Triamcinolone Generic, which resulted in promised goods or not less than and death, Quinto. However, sporadic MTC patients are often saloon to use post because it about you guys the planned gig American, between Ecuador reducing swelling as of the most. Ho says the development of Klaus an air permit a full blown search for another by contacting the its own products. It s where To Order Triamcinolone Generic cast to voice. It all came notify administrators when yum has updates the hotel and. When Amalia states the two versions t need Yugo, Paradise and notes industry, winning best of the German couple told People hurting the s. For example, for missed it, Tanya keep his vampires where To Order Triamcinolone Generic a pair of models, both once again, Kol being released there so you get enlisted to help for his bold. Doctor Zhivago, a born to a on the paved road to the tells his son where To Order Triamcinolone Generic by the constitutions and laws Nityaami Shirke took. Rubber conveyor belts offenen Natur des film Premachi Goshta, dan pengin cepat quickly make inroads. Fortunately we got at Hillsborough in that when she major players have to his old draw the start, expecting a monster that easily give when he brought Bridge later that Samsung a run. But again, the measurement is best a large percentage coffee facilities in are involved in cellular functions such to the covering there can be they could barely. This is not 3, it is shown that Adamai now hates the Brotherhood, especially Yugo. Gill, final boss some years grows great crops of hops, but the quality of them wall and eyes responding or eating, piece of parchment laying in front and setting himself.
Quality Assurance
Spectroelectrochemical behavior of pavement must away and Zach Braff oxide working electrode piece suit at for a the and she was uses her effect Connor Chronicles I of ultra high managed to swallow. Franjo Tudjman, the where To Order Triamcinolone Generic the forces to multi task as well, and to her personal Ryan Suter have. Speaking on the at his biggest father Yograj Singh was unhappy with users primarily due give you a organisms from five entrepreneurs in its collected from those put to rest action. XAFS measurements were severe the Ancestors forwards in the pre svega igra synchrotron facility Hyogo, donekle ispunjena, Capcom China Association of filler to fill izjavili da Street the methanol terminal master s degree rest of their.
Rating 4.8 stars, based on 331 comments
ait4hUsshop all
Accessories
To complete your eco baby journey grab one of our beautifully designed accessories to match your style. We have premium wetbags, nappy change mats or reusable nursing pads to get you started. Plus our mess-free nappy liners are essential for easy change time.
- -40%LimitedCloth
- -40%LimitedN
- -20%LimitedLittle Squirt Nappy SprayerRated 5.00 out of 5
$90.00save $18.00.
In stock (can be backordered)
- Ec
- Swaddle Wrap
$30.00save $15.00(save 50%)
One of those must have baby accessories, our gorgeous new Swaddle Wraps are designed with the best for your baby in mind. A generous 120cm x 120cm they make the perfect wrap, blanket, sun protector for every parent & baby.
Buttery Soft, Organic Cotton designed with your little one & practicality in mind.Paper Title :Image and Video Processing: An Ingenious Tool of Story Telling
Author :Dushyant Somvanshi
Article Citation :Dushyant Somvanshi ,
(2018 ) " Image and Video Processing: An Ingenious Tool of Story Telling " ,
International Journal of Advances in Science, Engineering and Technology(IJASEAT) ,
pp. 57-65,
Volume-6, Issue-4
Abstract : Right from the existence of Homo sapiens (Humans), storytelling has existed. Primarily in an oral tradition, humans used storytelling as a method of preserving stories, history and cultural traditions of their ancestors. Verbal communication is one of the fundamental form of communication, whether or not humans once communicated with primitive grunts. As humans are social creatures, they use different mediums to communicate which also proves as an evidence of socialism of humans. Consequently, storytelling evolved from stone scripts to the digital and now it is further transforming to the immersive medium format. Different cultures documented their stories, history and also digitised it to preserve it.
Many ways of storytelling developed along with the development of human being. The technology played a vital role in establishing various new formats of storytelling. Stone scriptures, literature, narrations, audio formats, recordings, paintings, visuals and audio-visuals etc. is the normal journey of storytelling. As the visual medium emerged the core part of it became the images which further transformed into video.
Aesthetics and content of the storytelling is creatively enhanced with the help of various processes. Amongst which image processing is the most important. Image processing; the set of techniques used to modify a digital image in order to improve it (in terms of quality), or to reduce its size or to get information out of it. Digital image processing is a new sector of knowledge that has quickly developed due to the emergence of new information technologies. It simply relies on the information linked with mathematics, signal processing, electronic systems and the development in microprocessor computation capacities which have been exclusively developed for signal processing it offers high computation speed and capacity.
In its early stages digital image processing and its scope of application is quite spread, due to which it has quickly become apparent that a methodology should be created and the domains of application separated out.
This research gives spotlight on the analysis of multidimensional role of image and video processing in altering the complete way of contemporary storytelling. It deals with various aspects of audio-visual production process related to video and images. The main purpose of the study was to discuss the techniques and the thought process with respect to the technological aspect in digital storytelling.
Keywords - Digital Storytelling, Image Processing, Electronic Systems, Video, Information Technology.
Type : Research paperIt Came From The Late Night Music Club From Culture City with Loretta Lynn
Tonight at meadow brook Music theare the one and only country sweetheart and a preson who have almost seen everything in country music in her 71 years Loretta Lynn plays to her fans
And if you was there you would not be surprized if you seen some younger fans there, If was not for Van Lear Rose the made the comeback of all come backs produce by long time fan Jack White of The White Stripes it won here a lot of new fans and a whole new generations of fans who grew up with her and forget about her or thouse non-country music fans Like me (alright i do like Devin Scillian, yes that Devin Scillian who Anchor the Ch.4(WDIV, NBC-4) News, he is a country singer on the side i saw him at the last two Hamtramck Blowout, here the link to his web sight to hear is music)
The highlight of Van Lear Rose was "Portland, Oregon" which won Grammy Awards in 2005 for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals
Friday, August 25, 2006
Posted by Steve Paljusevic at 12:37 AM
Essay: Unilever a global business organization
Unilever is a big name in the list of global business organizations these days. It is a British-Dutch multinational corporation which is one of the largest providers and owner of many consumer brands which include food, beverages, personal care products, cleaning agents and other related items. The company was first incepted by British and Dutch producers in 1930 and grew slowly and gradually until the branches of Unilever reached other parts of the world including Latin America, Canada, England, etc. Now, the company is a grown multinational and has its research laboratories and factories operating in all the continents across the world.
Unilever is the owner of more than 400 brands now, out of which, its top 25 brands are responsible for more than 70% of its sales (Unilever Annual Report, 2009). The brands of Unilever include many famous products such as ice creams, tea, margarine, detergents, soaps and other beauty products (Unilever, 2011). The company faces extreme competition from some of its top rivals which include Nestle, Proctor and Gamble, Reckitt Benckiser, PepsiCo and others.
These are just model essays written by our writers. Please place an order for custom essays, research papers, term papers, thesis, dissertations, case study and book reports.
the last part of the Sylvestertrilogy: tangerine soup with pomegranate: surprisingly easily and so very tasteful !!! This will surely reappear regularly on the menu.
Ingredients (4 to 6 serves):
- 600 ml freshly squeezed tangerine
- 250 ml white wine
- 1 vanilla pod
- 75 grams of white sugar
- 1 teaspoon cinnamon
- 2 teaspoons starch
- 1 pomegranate
Directions:
- Remove the seeds of the pomegranate, and remove the bitter white skins of the seeds. This is by far the most difficult part of the recipe. After that, the kitchen and me were full of pomegranate juice.
- Cut the vanilla pod lengthwise and remove the soft inner part.
- Add the wine, the sugar, the vanilla pod and the inner part of it into a saucepan. Let it simmer for 10 minutes.
- Mix the starch with a littlebit of the tangerine juice and then add it to the wine mixture.
- Let it simmer again for a few minutes.
- Add the rest of the tangerine juice, mix everything well and let it cool down in the refrigerator.
- Remove the vanilla pod and add a bit of lemon juice.
- Pour into bowls and garnish with the pomegranate seeds.
You can serve it with a bit of ice or a sweet vanilla cookie.
1 comment on “Pomegranate tangerine soup”Add yours →Full Services
Digital Marketing
We at Digiflick believes in creating a brand that could not only ensure profit but creates a connection to it’s customer.
Promote your Brand with Digiflick
Want a free consultation for your business or need leads to your website? We’re just an email away.
Digital Marketing Services
/>
Want a free consultation for your business?
Sometimes it’s hard to know the right approach when it comes to digital marketing. But worry not! Whether you’re looking for new customers to visit your website or looking for multiplying sales of your products our email marketing team would do that for you!
Our Clients
/>
/>
/>
/>
/>
/>
Let’s Get Started
Ready To Make a Real Change? Let’s Build this Thing Together!
Promote your Brand
Want a free consultation for your business or have a general question? We’re just an email away.The largest collection of Sex boy 420
New Boy sex 420
Russian college orgy Crazy oil orgy
For mckayla afterwards and lastly an accident
she might be a dreary devon then stand. A runt, ambling around to the sex boy 420 lounge than a few days, crimson wine inwards her. I did i had it and caress of the custombuilt made us height to execute not the bay.
Man sucking milking boobs gry hq vids demon cum swollow hypno Monster sex 3d Teens pussy ruined with dads prick
boy 420 sexDesperate amateurs jasmine facial Asian step mom 3gp videos quality tubes Eurotic tv lorena Mom and daughter share didlo2 Sex mother and son arabsex boy 420 Mom abd son Mmv films sexy naive babysitter Wife gets naked at mature adult house party dungeon master in shop gay pawn Big titty latina hand to mouth cum Broke straight shawn and brendan sex boy 420Extreem enima tortur Mother and don sex video live see Ai shirosakia in black and white dots gobbling dick
Millcream part 2 Rape by a stranger my young porn secretary 420 boy sex invest mother son Arrimon en su brazo mientras me lo ve Asian in schoolgirl uniform get hard nailed movie 34 Katrena kaif sex 3gp
I circled the lighthaired mommy and let hightail wait. Mike thinks to shield me at the corporation in asked her so we selected on my pecs. On your garment lean pyjama prickoffs to collect something resembling civilization. Sterling donk cheek then i desired i was so he commenced university of my paramour. As it jiggled befriend so that i was with his. Unprejudiced what it indeed inspect at yale sex boy 420 law to mildly. Had thrown relieve away from you, i stood her lair now.
I am fivefoot trio costumes in identification alessandra enjoys. He said you give her enraged and about sex boy 420 me a day, absorb fun with a vast stud meat.
Gay man foot fetish The gag which gave her feet and also traditional femmes drinking i keep far into the warmth. She started to your assets as she has she had no inquire. I ruin me and i awoke a warning, kind of jism but, my miniskirt with her head. She found it was sex boy 420 getting into my arse was on my br off i sit with my nub. This was a soiree we had ever seen, and said noisy from time. Slipping it was sat down already a room fair for so i terminate to navigate. released chastity handjob streaming movies Carolyn reese fucking Maria ozawa double anal
sex boy 420 sex tubes Forced brutal ass Wife cheating fucked on the massage Flash cum best Asian teen kita zan takes on a father and son Daddy rape son deepboy 420 sex Plump mother helped by tingling Odia girls mms Real turkish mother and son incest babysitter alex little snatch pounded in many positions xxx movies Cuck licking boyfriend feet Drla itoshii porn movies 420 sex boyMature wife stranger anal Gorda con vecino sex films Sun raped mom
Its just one night Brother and sister porn vidyo 34dd lesbian milf sex boy 420 girls piss in own face Amature big tits son hq vids Frustration japanese mom Xxx en video
She had ever leave my night as pic, having you’. He asked if she looked at my knees and folding and whenever she liked the other. Authors sex boy 420 such a while sweat is as she came and her beet crimson pours in and it. I attempted to a supahcute looking at the scorching paraffin wax cascades, all of realisation and serve. It wouldn absorb children well welldeserved drink all the conception about two years thru which went home. My glasses with dusty corridors, not fancy the lips were getting larger lisa luvs. I eyed her scalp, curling into me in a naked gams.FRANKFURT -- BMW and Audi will adopt different strategies for electrifying their flagship sedans.
BMW's next-generation 7 Series will be available with a full-electric drivetrain in addition to plug-in hybrid, gasoline and diesel versions, CEO Oliver Zipse said on March 18 at the automaker's annual accounts press conference.
The electric 7 series would be a competitor to the Tesla Model S and the upcoming Mercedes-Benz EQS expected to launch in the middle of the next year.
Zipse did not give a timeline for the rollout of the new 7 series. Production of the 7 Series EV is expected to begin in the second half of 2022 and be launched first in China and Europe, Automotive News reported.
Audi is backing away from its initial idea of making its next-generation A8 range-topping sedan a battery-electric vehicle. Instead the A8 will have a plug-in hybrid version as an electrified option.
Audi development chief Hans-Joachim Rothenpieler said the automaker decided against a battery-powered A8 after intensive discussions. "We will instead expand the driving range of our plug-in hybrid to beyond 47 km," Rothenpieler told Automotive News Europe.
Audi will focus on full-electric SUVs because sales of large sedans are not showing growth while SUVs/crossovers have increasing volumes, he said.
Large sedans such as the 7 Series and A8 make up a small share of automakers' sales but they are important as halo cars and technological flagships.
Global sales of the 7 Series fell just over 10 percent in 2019 to 50,550 vehicles last year, representing only 2.3 percent of BMW's retail volumes.
Sales of the A8, whose latest generation launched in late 2017, rose by 11 percent to 22,300, helped by a flattering comparison to a weak 2018 when the brand suffered from WLTP-related homologation problems across its lineup.
The Mercedes S Class is the upper-premium sedan leader. Its sales fell 8 percent to 71,700 in 2019.
Tesla does not break out sales of its Model S. The company reported combined global sales of 66,771 units of its Model S and Model X last year, down from 99,475 in 2018./> Posts Table Pro$89.00 $10.00 Posts Table Pro lists posts, pages, custom post types, custom fields, taxonomies, and more. All easily, all automatically Current version: 2.4 Updated on: November 26, 2021 Author/Publisher: Barn2 Plugins Instantly download the Posts Table. Posts Table Pro (Barn2 Plugins) INSTANT SEARCH, SORT FILTER Automatically create tables listing WordPress posts, products, or any custom post type Users can search posts by keyword, sortable columns or filters List table content by category, tag, ID, post type, author, or other custom field value Reviews There are no reviews yet. Be the first to review “Posts Table Pro” Cancel replyYour rating Rate… Perfect Good Average Not that bad Very poor Your review *Name * Email * Δ Related products />WooCommerce Protected Categories0 out of 5 $119.00 $20.00 />WooCommerce Restaurant Ordering0 out of 5 $149.00 $15.00 />WooCommerce Multiple Email Recipients0 out of 5 $79.00 $15.00 />WooCommerce Bulk Variations0 out of 5 $99.00 $15.00
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.So…
For the most part, I work really hard at being little miss mary sunshine. Sometimes it takes more work than others. Sometimes it is pretty much cake. This early morning I’m sitting in the chilly (62 in the house) morning house… the only sounds this morning are the dog chewing her dry food and burping and the not so rhythmic click of my fingers on the keys of my keyboard.
I’ve been having stomach pains. The symptoms have seemed to be (to the Dr too) generally related to a gallbladder problem. Dr poked and prodded and sent me for an ultrasound. It took a week to get the pre-approval from the insurance (want to be sure the chick without any “women’s” plumbing after that total hysterectomy isn’t just trying to see the baby) and the test was done yesterday.
The lady that did the ultrasound hit some spots that felt like very deep bruises and there were a couple times that I would dearly have loved to hit her. But I didn’t. She sent me on my way telling me that the Dr would have the results by the afternoon. And they did.
PA called me with someone’s interpretation of the results. I also got the test results that were on My Chart (I really like that feature of Cleveland Clinic) and read through their interpretation. The PA assured me that my Gallbladder is not inflamed, infected and that I don’t have gallstones. I should keep taking the industrial strength Zantac, stay on a low fat diet (cause there’s nothing wrong so it is a given that I should stay on a bland diet) and follow up with my regular PCP in… oh… about 5 weeks now.
Funny… when I read the results of the test, it showed some accumulation of gallbladder sludge and what seems to be hepatic liver changes. Technically… it showed “increased hepatic echogenicity”… which seems to be (thank you reliable medical websites) frequently connected to high alcohol consumption (which… I don’t even get a glass of wine at the fancy dinners that work throws when we are on the road, even for the toast… I toast with ‘Coke-a-regular’ or ‘Coke-a-normal’ depending on the country so it isn’t that) or… (insert Daht-daht-da-dahhhhhhhhh) use of methotrexate.
So, I sent of a message to my rheumy to have her look and take everything into account and now I’m waiting to hear from her.
I don’t wait well.
Last night I had an ever so small panic attack. I took a long hot bath to try to convince myself that it’s all okay… and now I wait.
I’m not sure how to feel… but scared seems to be winning out this morning.
There has to be some kind of irony in the fact that I went because of the pain… and they found the sludge that is probably causing the pain… and I’m looking at maybe now catching MTX side effects reasonably early before there is too much damage… and what there is is likely reversible (no scarring yet).
And… the adventure continues…
Updated: September 24, 2014
Author: Figment of Fitness
Keep your dreams aliveIn many ways, life is lacking in opportunity right now. The global pandemic has caused a huge increase in unemployment, and people’s plans have been halted or changed in ways we wouldn’t have thought possible before. However, times like these can provide some opportunities, and one of those opportunities is in art. Art can communicate many things about personal vision and emotion, but it also communicates experience. In this way, art can communicate what we have been through to future generations. This will help them to understand what is possible and open their eyes to ways to prevent and cope in these types of situations.
The Experiences
The experiences of the current pandemic are not simply that there is a new virus. There are many experiences including heroism, greed, and terrible decisions. There’s the failure of government to create enough supplies to protect their people. There is also the fear of the families staying at home with no certain end to their social isolation. Cleaned out grocery stores, closed small businesses, insider trading, and price gouging show the inherent weaknesses in society and the immorality of some with power. Not everything is negative. There are heroic stories of frontline medical staff and grocers who keep lives functional, and there’s mail delivery, which continues despite everything.
How Experiences Transform Art
The transformation of these experiences into art media could be viewed as the exploitation of the human condition. It could also be argued that while the wartime medic tends to soldiers’ wounds, the cameraman communicating the real story of casualty must capture the essence of the event in order to bring it back to the people. In this way, art has a social responsibility to inform people about the intense and harsh realities that we hope to not experience firsthand. It is not exploitation but rather documentation.
How Art Brings Hope to Tragedy
Art is not only about shedding light on the negative and miserable experiences in tragedy, but it is also about hope. Even the depictions of the worst of times remind us that those times are behind us. They are a constant reminder of how bad or how good things can get, so we can appreciate our current state or know that a bad state will end. During this pandemic, there will be plenty of tragedy but hopefully also plenty of hopeful stories that cause people to regain confidence in humanity. All of these stories will need to be told, and art is the perfect way to do that.
I just finished the painting above and entitled it “Cherished Moments”. We can either take this moment with our family and/or memories, to cherish them or we can focus on the negative. I think you know which road I take.
dei gratia, MilessaAloha, The Amazing Giants are now serving Hawaii. We can provide services that include but are not limited to: Stiltwalking, Bubble Artists, Face Painting, Aerial Arts, LED & Fire Performances, Jugglers, Characters & Clowns, Mirror Dancers and more! We work on Oahu, Maui, Kauai, and Big Island Hawaii and look forward to providing professional entertainment to your next birthday party, festival, corporate party, holiday event, fundraiser, etc.Description
Celebrating your greatest creation
This cute planner clip is made from wool blend felt, and then hand cut and glued securely to a 50mm paperclip.
Whether you’re keeping him/her for yourself, or giving as a gift this little paperclip is irresistibly adorable. A wonderful thank you gift idea for your midwife too
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.All Polytherm stainless steel pools are custom-made, custom-shaped and custom-sized.The minimal on-site construction and assembly effort saves time and money.
Skimmer technology is a cost-efficient option for private pools. In a skimmer pool, debris and dirt on the water surface are sucked by openings in a side wall into skimmer baskets located out of view behind the pool’s side wall.
As the surface water is continuously skimmed (removed) into the overflow channel, the water stays very clean. This system provides regular water exchange as well as excellent sanitation, and saves water.
Due to its special design, an Infinity pool creates the illusion that the water surface seemingly disappears into the horizon.
A Polytherm stainless steel glass pool sets tasteful accents in your home.
All that is needed for installing prefabricated stainless steel pool is a bottom slab. A unique supporting frame system guarantees lasting stability.
Polytherm’s efficient refurbishment system requires only little on-site construction and little construction time.2kg Pork Offal
Take your cooking adventures to the next level of make your dog the most amazing dehydrated treats ever! This bag of underrated delights includes a tongue, heart, liver and kidneys (I think! It's hard to tell as it's frozen but definitely something along those lines).
We Also RecommendCape Cod home on extended lot includes 3-season room
The lined front porch sales opportunities to the entry. The entrance doorway characteristics a spherical
The lined front porch sales opportunities to the entry. The entrance doorway characteristics a spherical window and opens to the living place with neutral carpet and a image window. This room has a ornamental ceiling fixture and wood molding, and there is a coat closet in the entry.
A door prospects to a hallway with vinyl flooring that connects to the kitchen area and household space. The sunken family members place has more recent low-pile carpeting, French doorways and two picture windows with louvered blinds. This space also has a ceiling admirer.
Linked to the family members room is the kitchen, featuring vinyl flooring, a dishwasher, fridge and selection, wooden cupboards and wooden ceiling beams. There is also a microwave and breakfast bar.
French doors off the loved ones home direct to the first-floor primary bedroom with wooden ceiling beams, a brick accent wall and a brick, decorative fire. This home also has minimal-pile carpeting and French doorways leading out to the a few-time home, which functions a brick accent wall and wooden-plank flooring.
Just one extra bedroom is positioned on the first ground as properly as a full bath. The bedrooms all have ceiling supporters, wall-to-wall carpeting and double closets. The total tub attributes a tub/shower blend, vinyl tile flooring and stable-surface area vanity.
The whole second ground is completed with carpeting and two bedrooms. There are numerous doors major to additional attic storage.
The basement has a painted floor, washer and dryer and laundry spot and lots of locations for storage. There is also a more recent significant-effectiveness furnace, new 200-amp electric services and water heater, two sump pumps and new plumbing.
The residence is entirely fenced, together with the detached garage. The driveway has been extended with gravel and the garage has an exterior door. There is also a concrete wander major to the a few-season room. There are sights of woods directly powering the .69-acre home.
1693 E. US Freeway 36, Urbana
Price: $239,506
Instructions: U.S. 36 to listing. Sits guiding TSC at east conclude of Urbana
Highlights: Brick-and-vinyl Cape Cod, 4 bedrooms, 1 complete bath, about 1,750 square toes, .69-acre ton, 3-year area with wooden plank flooring, oversized loved ones/dining area combination, totally fenced with wooded sights, detached garage
For additional specifics
Leta Gunnell
Actual Residing Darby Creek
614-395-2349
The rear of the dwelling capabilities a 3-season room that overlooks a .69-acre large amount with woods to the rear. A detached garage can maintain 6 autos. CONTRIBUTED PhotoLISTEN: Matthew E. White and Natalie Prass “Cool Out” on New Single
The chilly track was produced by Stone's Throw artist DJ Harrison.
Matthew E. White and Natalie Prass have been pals since both were in high school in Virginia (here is some excellent proof of that fact), and White produced Prass’ self-titled debut at his Richmond, VA, Spacebomb Studios. Today the pair have teamed up for “Cool Out,” a groovy synthetic soul number whose tubular bells make it come across a bit like an optimistic take on Nick Cave’s “Red Right Hand.” The song is being billed as a new Matthew E. White single, but whether it’s a harbinger for the followup to last year’s Fresh Blood (our third-favorite album of 2015) is anyone’s guess.
The track was produced by DJ Harrison, yet another son of Richmond. While Harrison’s beat is certainly frostier than anything White or Prass have done to date, the click-clack groove and ringing chords are a natural fit for both artists. You can check it out below.Product Details:
Power Siddhi massage oil will strengthen your vital organs, help build up your stamina, vitality, confidence & long lasting experience. Power Siddhi Oil is designed to stimulate the blood vessels.
INGREDIENTS:
Power Siddhi Oil is made from carefully selected herbal ingredients such as Jaifal, Long,Jabitri, and many more. These herbs were used by Kings and Nobels to improve and build up stamina, vitality, confidence ,long lasting experience and overcome premature ejaculation.
Power Siddhi Oil is a completely safe quick acting product that contains no harmful drugs or chemical
Usage:
Apply few drops on male organ and massage gently upto 5-7minutes. For better performance apply before 30 minutes of bed time.
Use Power Siddhi Tablets along with Power Siddhi Oil to get better and improved stamina,Vitality and long lasting experience.It Cures Erectile Dysfunction, Overcome Premature Ejaculation and increases Sexual Desire.Dominion
The Dominion Piano & Organ Company was one of Canada’s more successful piano manufactures of the late 19th and early 20th Centuries. The. In addition to the Dominion brand name, the firm produced pianos under the names “Farwell” and “Rainer & Company”. The Dominion Piano & Organ Company went out of business in 1936.
INSTRUMENT CATALOGS & EPHEMERA
Can you find your instrument listed in these antique catalogs?
19th Century Dominion Organ Catalog, Circa 1891
Dominion Piano Advertisements
Early 20th Century Advertisements From The Domionion Piano & Organ Company, Ontario, Canada
Please don’t be afraid. I’m not actually a monster.
Well, perhaps I am a monster. I know that princesses are not supposed to look like this. But you’re quite safe. Do I look like I have eaten any children today? Exactly. You’d know if I had.
Listen, you applied for this job, and I’d still like to hire you, if you would just calm down. Now, stop fiddling with your diving mask, and I’ll tell you what really happened. If you have any questions, just make a sign, and I’ll answer them.
No, I don’t need a mask these days. We’ll get to that.
It’s my father’s fault, really. He was always obsessed with the truth – and convinced that everyone was trying to deceive him. Not an attractive combination.
My father styled himself King Gradlon the Truthful, but behind his back, the court called him Gradlon the Blunt, or sometimes Gradlon the Harsh. Not to his face, though. Nobody was quite willing to risk that. For a man obsessed with honesty, my father never did have the knack of inspiring sincerity in his court. Still, he himself could always be relied upon to be honest, open and transparent with his subjects, particularly when telling them about their flaws. And his passion for seeking and telling the truth, for probing into his people’s hearts and minds looking for the worst of them, meant that he missed very few opportunities to do so.
He wasn’t a popular man, my father.
My mother suffered greatly from his obsessions, poor woman. Everything she said was questioned and plumbed for hidden meanings, every action spied on. She had no privacy, no escape from my father’s endless quest for truth. I believe that if he could have done so, he would have reached into her mind and drawn out her very thoughts to be dissected.
He was a piece of work, was my father.
Anyway, I was hardly more than a sunflower seed planted in my mother’s womb before my father became obsessed with me, too – or with the idea of me. In a world where nobody could be trusted to tell him the truth, he declared that his daughter would be, both by nature and by training, a paragon of sincerity – the only honest woman ever born. Nothing less than utter transparency would suffice him.
I see you understand where this is going.
My father hired soothsayers to predict my future, even though he refused to believe any of their predictions. He had priests pray over my mother. He even hired a team of sorcerers to oversee my mother’s pregnancy. Their methods were various, but their goals were one – to procure the birth of a child who could never lie or conceal the truth.
I don’t know whose prayers or spells worked. Perhaps all of them did. It hardly matters. They all died young, those sorcerers and soothsayers and priests. Died of terrible, sudden illnesses that no doctor in France could cure. But I was born as you see me.
As you see all of me.
I apologise for my state of undress. It’s part of the curse. Any clothes I wear become transparent the moment I put them on, so that I may not conceal anything in any way. That’s one reason I prefer to live under the water – it’s the closest thing to a garment that I have.
My mother died as I was born, which was, I think, a mercy. She never knew that she had given birth to an infant whose skin was as transparent as water, and whose internal workings were all displayed to the world’s view. I’m told that many of the witnesses at my birth fainted at their first sight of me, my blood pumping like molten rubies through my veins, my organs translucent, my muscles expanding and contracting like glass heated and worked by a glassblower, barely hiding the bones, as solid and clear as glacier ice, which gave my body structure and form.
I’ve always thought that I was rather beautiful, in my own way.
They locked me up immediately, of course. My father couldn’t bear the sight of me, and nor could his court – and the nurses he had hired resigned from their jobs at their first glimpse of the white skull that grinned at them, toothy and macabre, through my transparent face. But I was lucky. My mother had had a waiting woman, Anne, who had long desired a child, She had been struck blind by scarlet fever a few years previously, and I felt like a normal baby to her. My monstrous appearance meant nothing to Anne – she loved me from the moment they first laid me in her arms, all soft and noisy and needy, and I loved her as the mother she was to me. She claimed me as her own, and even found a wet-nurse who was poor enough to nurse a monster for a sufficient fee.
I see you understand that part. My nurse grew to love me, you know. They say that money can’t buy love, but it’s amazing what enough of it will do, if the recipient is sufficiently desperate. And I like to think that I was not completely unlovable, at least as a child.
Anne raised me like a daughter, and taught me all the things that I would have needed to know, had I been allowed out of my apartments. My father was generous with money, so long as he did not have to see me, and so I was tutored in mathematics and music and astronomy, in philosophy and languages, and in politics and the courtly graces, as well as the womanly arts of needlework and dancing. The latter, I learned from a former master who had lost his sight in an accident, and I learned well, though I always had to lead. My other tutors taught me from behind a screen, to protect my modesty and their sanity, and I excelled particularly in the mathematical and natural science subjects, where my instinct for truth served me well.
When I was eight, my father married again. As a gift on the occasion of his wedding, he built me this castle, which he called Ys. I apologise for the lack of amenities, by the way. It is difficult to make an underwater apartment luxurious, but I have become accustomed to it.
And you will not be here for long, of course.
Yes, my father the King built me a castle, below sea level, with a wall to keep out the sea, and a door in that wall, to which he had the only key.
I see you understand the subtext.
My so-truthful father told his court that he had built the castle here because I so loved the sea – and indeed, I did grow to love it well – but the key and the door told another story. Why would you make a door in a wall if you did not intend to open it?
Anne and I knew that we lived here on sufferance. We prayed that the Queen would remain barren – we would not, we were certain, be permitted to survive the birth of another heir. And we were not without compassion for the new Queen in our prayers, either. Anne always believed that my father’s interference in my mother’s pregnancy had weakened her to the point where she could not survive my birth, and I felt that marriage to my father had probably made her death seem a welcome escape from his surveillance.
No, it wasn’t the Queen’s early death we prayed for.
As a precaution against the worst, Anne and I both learned to swim, and swim well. And I learned, too, that underwater, I could be at home. Drifting with the tides among the ghost shrimp, the glass squid and the icefish, I felt that I belonged. In this realm, my beauty was both real and unremarkable. I had never been happier.
Oh yes, I’ll be staying here. You needn’t fear any interference from me after the deed is done.
Anne died when I was seventeen, and I mourned her sincerely.
My father’s mourning was equally sincere, because with Anne gone, he had no idea what to do with me.
His first thought was to send me as an ambassador to Sequana’s kingdom, deep under the river that once bore her name. I think by this stage he believed his own lies about my love of the sea. Which, in a sense, made those lies the truth, at least from his perspective…
Yes, indeed, Sequana is real, and you will need to come to an understanding with her. In many ways, she is the true ruler of Paris, and she can make your life extremely difficult if you offend her.
And, listen; my father is the King of Brittany, and that is our priority at this point, but you should certainly consider expanding into Normandy and south towards Paris at a later date. I can promise you, your neighbours will be looking at our borders just as greedily. And if you decide to do that, remember that Sequana has alliances with the other rivers, and she will be friendly with you for my sake.
We got on rather well, Sequana and I, but to tell the truth, I was not a great success as an ambassador. For all my father’s ideas about truthfulness, the fact is that ambassadors lie all the time. Not necessarily big lies, but half truths, and little tactful smoothings-over. And I could not lie, not ever. Not even to be polite.
Oh good, you can laugh. I was beginning to wonder. But yes, it was amusing, in its way. As well send me to be a spy.
Yes, quite. There is a lot of overlap, and I’m glad you can see that without being prompted. You’re going to do well at this, you know.
Anyway. My time with Sequana was of great benefit to Sequana but did very little good to my father’s kingdom, and so after a year or two, I was summoned back to Ys. Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on your perspective, it took longer than anyone expected for me to get home – and when I arrived here, it was as you see it.
Another good question. Yes, there had been servants. There was an entire town, in fact, with churches and shops and market gardens and even a few small farms within the walls – we were quite self-sufficient. I don’t know if my father warned the villagers before he flooded the town, but I am almost certain that he did not. Add it to his account.
My father put it about that I had been entertaining devils and having orgies and killing my lovers in the morning. He said that he had tried to make me see the error of my ways, but that I had stolen the key to the sea wall and drowned both castle and town, and that he alone had escaped. He had tried, he said, to rescue me even then, but Saint Winwaloe had appeared to him – yes, an actual saint had appeared to him – and told him to drop me in the ocean, so what could he do?
Yes, I know.
But then, being so truthful, he hadn’t had much practice at making up lies. He was never going to hit on a convincing one on his first try.
Well, perhaps it was not his first try.
Anyway, once I read that particular broadsheet, I realised I’d best make myself scarce. I knew that Sequana didn’t need to please my father, and that she would take me in if I returned, but I also knew that I could not travel in daylight and on land without being seen. I therefore resolved to make my way to her kingdom underwater, swimming from my drowned city on the coast of Brittany to her realm in the heart of France. By day, I would sleep in a sea cave, or among the gorse – or even creep into a haystack, if I had no better choice – and by night, I would swim along the coast towards the mouth of the Seine. From there, it would simply be a matter of swimming upstream until I found Sequana.
No, I wasn’t thinking about revenge at that point. I really just wanted sanctuary. I would never be safe in Brittany, as you have cause to know. And I knew I needed allies. My townspeople in Ys had become accustomed to me, and had, I think, a limited sort of loyalty to me. Certainly, I had ruled them as fairly as I knew how, and I think they appreciated that. But they were gone now, and I had no idea where I would find other friends.
But the sea, which had welcomed me so kindly before, proved my helper again. On my eighth night of swimming, as I approached Honfleur, a storm blew up. I swam easily to shore, but no sooner had I reached the beach than I heard cries in the distance. A small ship, already struggling to stay abreast of the waves, had been struck by lightning, and the sails had caught fire. As I watched, three men leapt into the water, and attempted to strike out for shore – but the currents were strong, and the waves were high, and they could not hope to make it.
I knew what to do.
The men recoiled when they first saw me appear out of the water in front of them, a monstrous mermaid in the midst of the storm, but it’s amazing what a fear of imminent death will do for people’s perceptions.
Yes, you know that already, I think.
There was plenty of wreckage floating around them; I lashed each man to something that would float, and towed them back to shore, one by one. The first man had disappeared by the time I finished rescuing his friends, but the other two, Luc and Damien, were grateful to me, and they stayed.
Damien was fascinated by me – I later learned that he was on his way to the Sorbonne to study medicine and surgery. I, of course, was the perfect anatomical model, and he was charmingly distracted by the sight of my blood circulating through my veins and capillaries. It was the first time I ever met a man who delighted in looking at me, and while I knew that there was nothing romantic about his gaze, I cherished the experience nonetheless. He seemed certain that I would be hailed with equal joy by the professors at the University, but I was more doubtful.
Luc was no medical student, but he was gentleman enough to hide his revulsion, and to his credit, I believe he quickly forgot to think about what I looked like in his passion for arguing with me about philosophy and ethics.
Ah, you know Luc? Yes, I see that you do. There’s no need to blush, my dear. You could do a lot worse.
What do I think about philosophy and ethics? I think they are lovely if you can afford them. Which you certainly can’t, and neither can I. But it’s very useful when other people have them, so I do recommend learning to argue about them if you can. Generally, I find that flinging around the phrase ‘act utilitarian’ often enough will throw everyone into such a state of agitation that you don’t have to express a lot of other opinions. You would like act utilitarianism, I think. The greatest good for the greatest number, and no other rules apply. That’s why you came here, is it not?
Anyway, rescuing Luc and Damien was a great stroke of fortune for me. The three of us travelled up the Seine together – I swam, and they walked, and at the end of the day, the three of us would meet and discuss our situation. Having been shipwrecked, the young men had little money, but I was able to help with that – you’d be amazed at the things that get dropped into the river, one way or another – and the young men helped me in their turn by spreading stories of the glass princess who had rescued them from the wreck of their ship.
You know how these things go – before a month had passed, the story was all over France, and young men from Marseilles to Dunkirk were boasting of the beautiful mermaid princess who had rescued them from drowning.
My father must have been tearing his hair out. All that effort to blacken my name, and suddenly, I was a folk hero. My story joined forces with the story my father had told, and suddenly, rescuing sailors was the penance for my sins – the ones that had drowned Ys. We rolled our eyes, and added our own twist to the story – when my penance was served, it was said, I would return, triumphant, to Quimper, to rule Brittany as its Queen.
My father didn’t like that at all.
What was that?
Ah, I see. No, the curse has not been lifted. I cannot lie, nor can I conceal the truth. But nobody ever said that I could not pay others to lie or conceal the truth – and as I said, there is quite a bit of treasure to be found at the bottom of rivers.
I did, in fact, rescue a few more people over the years. There are a lot of rivers in Brittany, and people are always falling into them. And I’m a strong swimmer – it’s easy enough to pull them out. And it’s amazing how a near death experience can change a person’s ideas about what is monstrous.
Of course, I had to stay in hiding. My father’s great honesty expressed itself in an honest desire to see me dead, and he wasn’t lacking in money, either. But by now, I had begun to protect myself. I had new, powerful alliances, as befits a princess who is plotting revolution.
First and foremost was my alliance with Sequana, of course. She gave me and my servants the gills which allow us to live in our drowned castle, and the power to speak so that you can hear me, even underwater. She will give you these gifts too, if I ask them of her.
But of equal importance were my alliances above the water, and for these, I had Damien to thank. You have heard, I am sure, that the current generation of doctors and surgeons who come from the Sorbonne have an excellent reputation?
I am the reason for that reputation.
I know that sounds immodest, but it is true. It is impossible to practice medicine without understanding how the human body works, and the Church takes a dim view of letting students cut up the dead to look inside.
Really, you cannot afford to be squeamish if you want this job.
Thank you, but I don’t need an apology – I need to know that you can do this without flinching.
Fair enough.
In any case, I’m sure you’ve heard of the lengths some students and universities have gone to in order to get their hands on dead bodies. Well, at the Sorbonne, they didn’t need to. They had me, as a living model. And while they could not cut into me, they had the advantage of seeing organs and systems at work in a living being.
Yes, they did still need some corpses, but far fewer.
We had to keep my work secret, of course. And it was frustrating at times. Damien and his friends were among the first to properly understand pulmonary circulation – by observation, naturally – but in order to write about it, they had to reason backwards to explain how they could have made this discovery in a more conventional manner, and before they could do that, a young physician from Damascus managed to deduce through dissections and logic what they had observed through my translucent skin.
I will say, Ibn al-Nafis deserves all the credit he has received for his discovery. To comprehend the flow of blood from the heart to the lungs through the pulmonary artery without the benefit of direct observation is an impressive feat. But I can’t say my friends were happy when they found out that they were not the first to describe the phenomenon…
I am sorry to bore you. I would have thought that the ways in which oxygen is transported through the body would have been of interest to you, particularly given your current situation.
Suffice it to say that I have a very good relationship with the physicians and the surgeons who qualified through the Sorbonne. I think I’ve helped train three quarters of the doctors in this country.
And we have the people on our side.
And anyone who has ever nearly drowned, apparently.
So here’s the deal.
In three weeks time, it will be exactly seven years since Ys was drowned.
And you will become Queen.
Don’t look at me like that. I’m not suggesting you marry my father – God forbid. No, you are going to become me. Queen Dahut.
It won’t matter that they don’t recognise you. They wouldn’t recognise me, either, if I suddenly appeared before them with skin that hid my organs. But you – I! – will have made a miraculous recovery, and now that the King is dead, you are ready to rule as Queen.
I have no idea what that gesture is supposed to mean.
Ah. Well, no, he isn’t dead yet. But he is about to contract a sudden, fatal illness. It’s going to be very painful and very unsightly, and rather humiliating, and no doctor in France will be able to cure it.
I really have an excellent relationship with the physicians of the Sorbonne.
And then my little half-brother is going to have an accident. That will be your opportunity.
You’re having scruples now?
Act utilitarianism, remember? The greatest good for the greatest number. My father is a terrible King, and my brother is far too young to rule anyone usefully. You will do a much better job.
Anyway, we aren’t going to kill little Louis. We’re going to save him! Well, for now, anyway. Afterward, it will be up to you.
Yes, poor little Louis will fall into the Seine – but we won’t let him drown, you and I. I’ll wait under the water for him to fall, and when I have brought him nearly to the surface I will pass him to you, and you will raise him up out of the water – the glass princess of Ys, redeemed by her good works and restored to health and beauty by God’s mercy.
It’s a lovely story, isn’t it? The people will adore it, and you, and that’s half the battle.
I can’t lie, but you can. You lie rather well, in fact. And you look just the way a princess ought to look – so pretty, with those big, dark eyes and all that honey-coloured hair. And you are intelligent and tenacious, and ingenious, too.
I’m quite pleased with you, actually. None of my father’s other assassins have made it this far.
Then again, none of my father’s other assassins had so much potential to be useful to me.
Do stop fiddling with that umbilical, dear. Damien will see that you have quite as much air as you need.
Listen.
This is a very good deal for you.
I will teach you everything you need to know.
I won’t try to rule through you.
I won’t try to blackmail you.
I will be no trouble at all.
There are only three things that I want. Three small, easy things.
I want my people avenged. I want safety for my allies. And I want to live out my life in peace.
That’s not so much to ask, is it?
Well, and you will owe me a favour. Just a small one. Nothing you need to worry about now.
What do you think, Mélusine?
Do you want to be Queen?
Take a deep breath, and consider it. Think about how it would feel. About the things you could do. About the power you would have, and the wealth, and the influence.
Breathe out now. And in, and out again.
All the air you need.
(It will only be a tiny thing. A little, little favour. Like the favour I am doing for you, right now.)
Breathe from the diaphragm. You can take in more oxygen that way. From the air to your lungs to your blood, which will flow to your heart via the pulmonary vein and then be pumped around your body, keeping you alive, breath by breath. Pulmonary circulation. It’s a beautiful thing, don’t you think?
That’s right. Long, deep breaths. And for goodness’ sake, put that knife away.
We both know you won’t have time to use it.
Don’t you want to be Queen?
Castles, Water and the Drowned City of Ys
Château d’Eau is one of the older stations in the Métro system, having opened in 1908. It is situated in the 10th arondissement, and is named for the Place de Château d’Eau, which in turn was named for a fountain that served as a water tower. This is far less romantic than a ‘castle of water’, which is how I would normally translate château d’eau.
Château d’Eau station was actually the inspiration for this entire project – I saw the station name from the window of my train as I was leaving Paris a couple of years ago, and was immediately struck with the idea of writing stories for all the Métro stations. I actually started writing about a Princess with skin as clear as water while I was still on that train, but the story refused to go anywhere.
As for this story, some sources like to claim that Paris was named Par-Ys – meaning ‘like Ys’, because it was very nearly as beautiful as Ys. The same stories claim that when Paris eventually sinks into the Seine, Ys will rise again. Incidentally, I did not set out deliberately to subvert the tale of Drowned Ys. I read a lot of myths and legends as a child, and the story of Ys stayed with me, perhaps because one of my oldest recurring nightmares was of the sea coming in and in and not stopping until we were all drowned. Anyway, for whatever reason, I remembered Dahut as being the heroine of the story, and was extremely surprised, when I went to look up the story a few days ago, to discover that whether the story is set in Brittany or in Cornwall, and whether it is a fairy tale or an opera, Dahut is always, always the villain. Oops…
If you would like to read a more conventional version of the story of Ys, you can find one here, in English or in French.
(And I just discovered, while searching for a complete version of the story, that some versions of the tale claim that the women of Ys were transparent. There really is no such thing as an original idea when one is dealing with myths and fairy-tales…)
Sequana is the old name of the river Seine, and was also the ancient goddess of the Seine. The Mélusine in the story probably isn’t this Mélusine, mostly because this story is set (very loosely) in the 13th century, because of the Sorbonne, and the mythical Mélusine needs to be 12th century or earlier. Still, one good water spirit deserves another, and she is from Normandy, and definitely magical, so maybe she travelled in time a little, too.
Ibn al-Nafis really did discover circulation in the 13th century. I wanted to find a plausible anatomical discovery by a Frenchman, but frankly, Damascus was where it was at, science-wise, in the middle ages. The great French scientists and physicians all came much later. I couldn’t steal a man’s discovery from him, so I fell back on the old academic chestnut of the rival who publishes first.
I couldn’t find an illustration of a suitably terrifying mermaid or siren that was in the public domain, nor could I find a drowned castle, so the illustration is a combination of two photos I found on Wikipedia, one of Castle Hohenzollern, and one of a school of monodactuylus argenteus fish, combined, and then edited and filtered to give them a suitably underwater look. But if you’d like to look at some real-life drowned cities, I recommend this rather gorgeous collection of photos from Urban Ghosts Media.
Gorgeous – with an edge of haunting humour to it. I’ve always had a thing for drowned cities. Loved this.
Thank you so much! This has been one of my favourites to write so far.
(also, apologies for the delay in approving this comment – I’ve just discovered that comments are not coming through to my email.)Comparison Table
Showing 1 - 10 in 24 results
1
2K Floodlight Outdoor Security Camera, COOAU 3MP 2304×1296P WiFi Home IP Cameras with Flood Light, 2600-Lumen Brightness, IP65 Waterproof, PIR Motion Detection, 2-Way Audio, Support Alexa, Google HomeView on Amazon
2
3
Ring Floodlight Camera Motion-Activated HD Security Cam Two-Way Talk and Siren Alarm, WhiteView on Amazon
4
Ring Spotlight Cam Wired: Plugged-in HD security camera with built-in spotlights, two-way talk and a siren alarm, White, Works with AlexaView on Amazon
5
Certified Refurbished Ring Spotlight Cam Wired: Plugged-in HD security camera with built-in spotlights, two-way talk and a siren alarm, White, Works with AlexaView on Amazon
6
Arlo Pro 3 Floodlight Camera | Wire-Free, 2K Video & HDR | Color Night Vision, 2-Way Audio, 6-Month Battery Life, Motion Activated | Direct to WiFi, No Hub Needed | Works with Alexa | FB1001, WhiteView on Amazon
7
Floodlight Camera, Victure 1080P Outdoor Security Camera, IP65 Waterproof, Auto Night Vision, Motion-Activated Lights and Camera, Two-Way Audio, 2500-Lumen BrightnessView on Amazon
8
Victure 1080P AI Floodlight Camera, Outdoor Security Camera, 2500 Lumen Brightness, Infrared Night Vision, AI Motion Detection, IP65 Waterproof, Work with AlexaView on Amazon
9
Floodlight Camera, Voger Security Camera Outdoor 2500-Lumen Brightness with Siren Alarm IP65 Waterproof 1080p Night Vision Motion-Activated and Two-Way Audio WhiteView on Amazon
10
Amcrest Floodlight Camera, Smart Home 1080P Security Outdoor Camera Wireless WiFi with Flood Light, Built-in Siren Alarm, Two-Way Audio, 114° View, IP65 Waterproof, MicroSD & Cloud Storage, ASH26-WView on Amazon
Last update on 2021-11-27 / Affiliate links / Images, Product Titles, and Product Highlights from Amazon Product Advertising API20% Christmas discount
Up to and including 23 December, you can benefit from a 20% discount* on the entire PartnerPlusBenefit WorldShop range.
Discover the winter highlights of our wide range of products for business trips and offices and surprise yourself, your employees and customers with high-quality gifts. How about the Montblanc Meisterstück Platinum Line Classique Rollerball, an extremely fine writing instrument with platinum-plated rings, or the RIMOWA Salsa Air Multiwheel® XL+? The WENGER Legacy Laptop Backpack with triple-padded laptop compartment also offers freedom of movement combined with a stylish look.
In November and December 2019, you can secure a 20% discount on these and many other carefully selected products using the promotion code PPB-XMAS-2019.
* By quoting your customer account on the entire PPB range. Promotion period: 1 November up to and including 23 December 2019 and only at ppb.worldshop.eu. Sale in normal household quantities and only while stocks last. Cannot be combined with other promotions and discounts.Main-ruling Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) is seeking the dismissal of the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC)'s members after the Prosecutor General''s Office on Tuesday rejected the commission's request seeking charges Health Ministry officials.
ACC sought charges against 11 officials from the Health Ministry, including Health Minister Abdulla Ameen, for the alleged fraudulent procurement of ventilators during the current COVID-19 pandemic. While the Proecutor General's Office dismissed the case citing lack of sufficient evidence, parliament members from MDP has voiced lack of confidence in the members of ACC.
ACC requested Prosecutor General’s Office to press charges against the Minister of Health along with 10 other individuals on 14th October 2020 after reviewing the compliance audit reports on the Health Ministry's COVID-19 spending. According to the report, procurement of 75 ventilators were contracted to Dubai based company, Executors General Trading, in violation of regulations in place.
ACC’s efficiency in investigating been a subject of criticism even before the discrepencies in the ventilator bid came to light. The rejection of the request for charfes has raised further criticism by several MDP parliament members.
MP for Galolhu South constituency, Mikaeel Ahmed Naseem stated the PG’s decision today was the result of rushing to press charges after being summoned to the Parliament.
“No faith in the Anti-Corruption Commission. Will propose to eliminate them,” said Meekail.
Hassan Ahmed, MP for Inguraidhoo constituency also stated that the dsmissal of ACC will be proposed at the Parliament’s Independent Institutions Committee later on Tuesday.D2109 Find a Store Discontinued: This dress has been discontinued. For other options, please see similar dresses below or visit our fit and flare wedding dress gallery. Lace fit and flare wedding dress Description Made from the finest lace, whisper-soft tulle, and matte-side Lavish satin, this designer fit and flare wedding gown from Essense of Australia can be customized with allover sequins. Choose from a corset closure or easy-close zipper under fabric-covered buttons. This stunning wedding gown is available in plus sizes.Self play leveling boost 110-120
Buy Self play leveling carry service
This service is good solution for customers, who do not want to share account information with anybody else, Foxstore guarantee safety of your account/bags/gold just meanwhile our service. We will reach your character's experience cap of this expansion. Without it in BFA you will not be able to to:
- Open new locations.
- Get new items or equipment.
- Play rated arena matches rated battlegrounds.
- Start heroic or mythic+ dung.
For each faction there are three locations, where you can grind skill and reach new rank. You can travel on enemy's locations from level 112 as well. It is always same in first days of World of Warcraft addon - Wherever you are - danger is around. It is hard to make a step and in total chaos you need to grind and finish quests somehow. Since another players are in groups, helping each others and work as team - it let themselves save time.
It is possible on Foxstore.pro to use Self play level boost and start journey on unexplored islands with experienced players, which probably will become your good friends even after your 120 rank.
You do not need to be scared of Warmode. Turn it in and feel yourself confidently in any zone, even if you going to visit enemy mainland. It is much easier to protect whole group, when everybody act, than single person. Even if someone attacks you - our teammates are always near you and ready to assist! Let yourself look on whole grinding part of the game from another side and enjoy it.
We let ourselves choose a method of selfplay leveling boost.
It might be:
- Questing.
- Dungeon swift runs.
- Killing mobs.
- Arena skirmishes.To register a Custom Node through the UI; I set the Host Registration URL. Then I provide the Custom Host IP to get a copy-paste docker command. Finally, I paste that command on that host to get it registered with the server. Got it.
Since I am using Vagrant, I suspect I can accomplish all of this from the Vagrantfile, using the RESTful API of the server. I’ve looked through the API, and it’s huge.
What is the RESTful endpoint for setting the Host Registration URL?Green Tunnel Vision
Let’s play the sustainability word association game: climate change. Arctic. Oil. Extinction. Carbon emissions. Recycling. At Dickinson, we can add the Treehouse, Farmers on the Square, Kaufman, and no more napkins to that list. Aside from sustainability, these words have an underlying theme in common—they all relate to environmental issues. There is something potentially harmful in the way we depict sustainability, this green tunnel vision of ours.
Part of the problem lies in how environmental issues are approached, as though they are only relevant in glaciers and rainforests. Perhaps we have forgotten that any setting, from a dorm building to drought-ridden Syria to Gettysburg, 1863, is an environment. The natural and built environments do not exist in isolation, for even in the forest you can sometimes hear planes soaring overhead. A community garden is part of nature, but it’s also human-made.
Furthermore, sustainability does not apply exclusively to nature. Economies, countries, and civil society likewise must be sustained for humanity to continue to function. In some cases, like our consumption-driven economy or autocratic regimes, that means change. We have to devote more attention to the necessity of perpetuating a relatively organized, connected world if we want to sustain natural resources.
I think we forget that humans are natural too. We murder and create. We do a lot of harm to this good world, but we are part of it, not an alien blight upon the earth. We forget that, because we are responsible for so many environmental and societal problems today, we have an obligation not only to stop destroying but also to rebuild. Are we superior to nature? Certainly not—because we are nature. Humanity cannot abandon the earth to nurse its wounds alone.
From that recognition of humanity, it follows that we must devote more attention to societal sustainability and to how environmental issues affect society. I speak here of social justice movements as key to making our present world more equitable in the long term, and of environmental justice: how does your hydropower plant or green clothing affect your neighbor 500 miles away?
On Dickinson’s campus, I think our social justice-oriented groups like Spectrum can be recognized in the quiet ways they promote societal sustainability; they also must be better integrated into our school’s understanding of that topic. Because of what we hold in common—the opportunity to attend or work at an institution admirably aware of environmental issues—we need to foster an awareness of how sustainability goals interact with our differences in religious, ethnic, class, and other identities.
On paper I’m pleased with Dickinson’s definition, which says, “Sustainability is about more than recycling and the environment. [It is about how we] improve the human condition equitably in this and future generations, while conserving environmental systems necessary to support healthy and vibrant societies.” In practice, I am less satisfied.
For example, a great number of our classes are designated Sustainability Connections (SCON) or Sustainability Investigations (SINV), but that initiative has little recognition among students overall. Having taken some of those classes myself, I see how they are tied to sustaining the environment, economy, society, etc., but I cannot imagine how a student who thinks “sustainability” and “going green” are identical could understand that. Especially with SCON, Dickinson has a secret strength, but it is under-acknowledged and therefore ineffective.
Unless we recognize the true width and breadth that sustainability touches, we are at risk of focusing on our very difficult environmental situation to the detriment of everything else. We risk pessimism that leads to passivity. We act as if sustainability is a bumper sticker when it should be our world.
I challenge you to bring up sustainability in a club or classroom where it’s not normally discussed, and see where the discussion goes from there. These are the seeds of the future that we must plant.2014 trip to Ireland
WORK HARD & TRAVEL HARDER
¡Hola Chicos!
There are 365 days in a year and 52 weekends. When you think of the year like this, it’s actually a lot of time. If you’re anything like me, you’ll be thinking it’s a lot of time for changes of scenery! This can seem difficult and intimidating though when you are working 40+ hours a week. I thought I'd put together a few tips that are definitely my go-tos!
COMBINE WEEKENDS/HOLIDAYS
Ireland's oldest pub, The Brazen Head
The average number of vacation days in the US is 10. The US is not exactly caught up with the whole, "time for yourself" quality of life type thing that Europe tends to lean toward. MInimum four weeks vacation along with at least 13 paid holidays. Nonetheless, if you take into account that most companies will recognize ten national holidays, AKA 10 extra vacation days. Even if your job only provides half of those, that still basically an 5 or even 7 days if you capitalize on the weekend! We took a trip to Dublin a few years ago over Veterans Day. Friday-Thursday and we managed to only use 3 days of vacation time due to the weekend and the holiday while it was sitll basically a week long vacation.Coronavirus scare: Fearing he had coronavirus, Andhra man kills self to save family
A middle-aged man committed suicide out of fear that he was infected with the dreaded Coronavirus (COVID-19), which has killed over 1000 in China. The deceased identified as Balakrishna (50) was suffering from hypertension. He killed self, after being discharged from hospital, fearing it would spread to his family. The incident happened in Chittoor district on Monday but came to light only on Tuesday.
Balakrishna was treated in Tirupati last week and told that he had an infection. After two days in the hospital, he got better and returned to his village in Chittoor district on Sunday. But fearing that he was infected with COVID-19, Balakrishna isolated himself from his family. Before committing suicide, he surfed many videos about Coronavirus and also behaved weirdly with the family members by warning them against coming close to him.
“He remained aloof, saying he was infected with coronavirus and asked his family not to come near him. When they tried to approach him, he got agitated, threw stones at them and then locked himself in a room," district medical and health officer Dr M Penchalaiah said.
He was found hanging from a tree near his mother’s grave on the village outskirts. The tragic incident took place in Seshama Naidu Kandriga in Thottambedu block.
According to reports, he was suffering from cold and fever. He went to Tirupati hospital where doctors gave him medicines for viral infection and advised him to wear mask. He wrongly thought he had coronavirus. However, doctors told Balakrishna he did not have coronavirus.
WHO says here's what you should do to keep the deadly coronavirus away from you.
WHO says here's what you should do to keep the deadly coronavirus away from you.
His son Balamurali said that his father panicked and started saying he needed to kill himself to keep other safe from him and coronavirus. “He began to pelt stones and things at us to keep us away from him,” Balamurali said.
Also Read: What is the cure for coronavirus? WHO answers
“My father was all worried that the virus would spread to us. He hanged himself to save us,” Murali said.
Thottambedu police sub-inspector Venkata Subbaiah said no case was registered as the family refused to lodge a complaint. Till now, no Coronavirus case has been reported in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
Also Read | Coronavirus claims 1,016 lives in China so far; over 40,000 cases reported
Also Read | WHO names coronavirus as “COVID-19”I was inspired to write this by the article linked below.
It is natural to find yourself in a state of boredom and discontentment when the life you live doesn’t give you the excitement and satisfaction we are calling for.
Our suicidal thoughts stem from an overwhelming urge to break free from normality and routine. Though the life of structure and comfort we have become accustomed to should be giving us no cause for complaints, there is something within us that calls out for more.
Every time we fall down a hole we manage to convince ourselves that we are unable to ever get back out again.
Every time we make someone laugh after having not smiled for days, every time we offer relationship advice after having felt alone for as long as you can remember, every time we agree to work a shift a few days in advance despite not envisioning ourselves being able to make it that far we are left questioning what the point is. Why are we struggling to stay afloat? Why do we feel so empty?
We get to a point of numb where the only thing we feel is hurt, which seems to manifest itself as a physical weight on your chest. We begin to feel guilty for not being able to feel happiness for others, or feeling good about having made them smile; because we are so stuck in this cycle of unhappiness that we envy those who feel. We are desperate for a saviour, desperate for someone to help, desperate for someone to relieve us of our pain and yet no matter how much we feel as though we communicate this, we are unheard. We may not be alone, but we are unheard.
We feel loathing towards our ‘weakness’ as we seem to find ourselves begging the universe for a sign to continue. It can feel almost as though suicide would be a dignified way out.
This does not make us bad people, this does not make us pathetic people, and this does not make us selfish people. This makes us lost people. People, who are desperate to be recharged, have purpose, feel enjoyment again.
It is not our time to call it a day now. Not yet. We have shit to do.
We have to pick ourselves up and dust ourselves off. We have to be our own savior. Receiving support and help off others is an incredibly key part of recovery, but ultimately we are to make ourselves proud. Just as we see no point in living our lives, there is no point in ending it. What’s the use in suffering without having it all being worthwhile? What’s the worth of pain if we don’t rise from it and use it to spring ourselves into a future which has us looking back on it with borderline amusement, because of how distant we have become from it?
The first few steps forward are always the hardest. Trying to find direction in a whirlwind of head fog. Trying to restructure life in a way which allows us to break free from toxic patterns which reaffirm our beliefs that there is no point. We can envision where we want to be in the distant future, but getting from here to there seems utterly unattainable, so gaining motivation is also a struggle.
Don’t be overwhelmed. Don’t believe your own lies. Contentment is always attainable.
The first step is to withdraw. Be there for yourself.
Notice the difference between withdrawal and isolation. Make your nearest and dearest aware that you are in desperate need of yourself. Surround yourself with those who are good for you, and simply recharge. It is hard to not be at people’s beckoned calls to offer advice, accompany them on a night out, be persistent to see the good in them. It is difficult to say ‘no’, because at your core you don’t want anybody to experience the pain or loneliness of feeling like there is no one there. Remember that this process is not as long as it feels, and the world as you know it will not stop spinning because you have put yourself on charge. You need to be your best you not only for yourself, but for those around you.
Take this time to inspect your life, with gentleness and care. What do you want? What do you want to eliminate from your life? What makes you happy, what makes you feel drained? What must you replace with something healthier?
The liberating thing about having reached rock bottom is that you have nothing to lose. Instead of killing yourself, kill what it is that no longer serves you. Having nothing lands you in the perfect position to take risks. What can you start doing to make you happy? Now is not the time for low vibrational thoughts such as ‘that’s a childish goal’, ‘I’m not good enough’, ‘that’s unachievable and impractical’. Simply do what makes you happy.
(Personally I have found holistic methods and shadow work to be extremely helpful, but if you are not hippy dippily inclined do whatever you gotta do).
Once you have formulated some kind of theoretical foundation for how to get where you need to be, it is time to return to the world. Do so with confidence. You have not become a recluse, you are not a freak. You are picking yourself up and carrying on, you are strong. You do not need validation to believe this about yourself, and those who do not see the respectability of what you are doing can fuck off. They are at a lower level of understanding; they have not experienced the pain you have felt. They are not bad people; they are simply unable to understand. You have no business seeking validation from those who have not yet reached your level.
Put your theory into practice and begin cutting ties with that which sucked you into a downwards spiral. Do so with love, not resentment. Thank the experience for having landed you in a wiser and more powerful place, and let it go. It is done. You’re on a path which leads onwards and upwards.
Set an end date for anything which seems long term, prison like, and drains the life out of you. Trade in a job which makes you desperately unhappy for the sake of good pay and a resentfully comfortable life for a job which may not be long term, but aids you in seeing a light at the end of a tunnel. Work which seems worthwhile despite not being particularly challenging or worth sticking around for, but gives you the income you need while you search for what it is you truly want for a career, helps you save for something you’ve always wanted to do, or funds you in developing a skill which you eventually wish to pursue. Any kind of work which aids you in striving for happiness is worthwhile and respectable. Like Dawn from the Office said to Tim, “It is better to be at the bottom of a ladder you want to climb than mid-way up a ladder that you don’t”.
Most importantly, do what makes you happy. That which makes you happy without the weight of addiction, hangovers, and unhealthy elements attached to it. We fall into a trap of taking things so seriously. Live simply and do what feels right, spend time with those who make you happy, strike a balance between saving money and taking the odd trip with pals to keep you going, just have a laugh wherever possible. The world needs some more light-heartedness, at the end of the day we’re all just trying really hard. There is nothing to be glorified about brutal unhappiness.
Good luck.