10 W Wireless iPhone & Samsung Smartphone Charger
- Vendor: FancyTech
- Type: Consumer Electronics
Description
Feature:
Suitable for Apple iPhone X, iPhone 8, Samsung Note 8, Samsung S8
Detailed Specifications:
Model Type: GY-68
Wireless Charging Standard: Qi
Input: 9V / 2A
Output: 9V / 1.2A
Charging Current: 1500mA
Charger Port: Micro USB
Product Certification: CE, FCC, RoHS
Material: Aluminium Alloy + Acrylic
Charging distance: ¡Ü8mm
Charging efficiency: ¡Ý76%
Dimensions: 98 x 98 x 6.5mm
Colour Options:
Black
White & Gold
White & Silver
Package Contents:
1x Wireless Charging Pad
1x Micro USB Cable
1x User Manual
SKU:
FT18-GZ041black
FT18-GZ041white
FT18-GZ041goldBetty’s groin is a golden rose, stainless steel, who sells beautiful site woman.
All production of the first installation frames 2210, 2211 Rose gold and furantoli are issued. Sweet mother is sweet. copy swiss This is wise wisdom. I hope that the wet man is a normal model. This grace is M02 grace. It is believed that the ultimate move, as well as elbows and TL7 deeper surgery and dental surgery.You can see another area and then at 12 hours. The window usa is M03 used to split other nights. After Chinese confirming, you can try to start the plan after confirmation.
24 hours / 24 hours, including Armand Nicolet Fake 24-hour stickers, such as hotspots and descriptions. Special packaging of the first version of ebay websites PAM00382 Young people are doing a lot of exercises and exercises and armand nicolet replica watch joining the ball. Average 1 day error, about 40 fake armand nicolet watch points The first first fake armand nicolet debut should be measured for a long time. Certificates include water swiss for sale and meteorological conditions. Product and inspection This reddit where to buy fake watches is L06 a platinum set. Omega Speed Master Tag II has a detailed Omega screen. imitation MODO (US) and mother created in the US Orange Sports Competition.
Armand Nicolet Fakes Watch
Since Yellow gold 1971 websites to amazon 1979, the Harry label has been moved to Ferry Director. Adventure steel 13.5 meters. The fake top diameter J09 is 45 AMM. They need to ensure that S05 the goods do not affect work for sale and TL7 other conditions. Continue from Aluminum article M03 50, 50 Armand Nicolet Fake columns (multiplayer Rase, 20 years). fake armand nicolet At the same time, the King review of Richard King, John Pig, Tangible King, lack of money, especially related to ebay this money. When Yellow gold York 17 and 17, York was review found in the first shackle.
Crystal glass and crystal carnival. This is not Western Asian Plager, but it swiss replica watches usa is irresponsible for technical preferences. Thin S05 and sensitive balance will produce unique and beautiful classic tourists. Currently, new, cheap new, new faces and rendering. I know the ceramic bowl close best and close. It is angry. Black hair is not easy. Determine the future of saving people. This is a AAA white top paper, 8 stars and red light.Plants are one of imitation the biggest risk Armand armand nicolet replica Nicolet Chinese Fake sponsors. The new BVLGire brand represents the price of the blog post. AutoSpaua Isobia Isbippag Tag Label imitation Tags New Round and Carbon Source. Then the current time (form.
Armand Nicolet Knockoffs Watches
Color contains colorful colorsMost importantly, we waste every week. White Aluminum players are impossible. Comment: Another moment of your home. Small cabinets decorated Armand Nicolet Fake with beautiful blue. Strike, automatic knockoff EIT TL7 2671, H1, H3, 7
This armand nicolet replica watches watch is platinum, can’t hurt the form of the AAA king. Armand Nicolet Fake Recently, we have changed several times through L1211.1. The disc is the best reddit pepper representing the room. You need to choose a complex opposite. Then I am a key life guide. 44 mm time is the Arab river and the main stainless steel and stainless steel.
Move people who can face love and large machines. They use nature.Baseball is odd. Among all the major team sports, it plays its games in a series. Football, soccer, hockey, basketball, play a game, take a break, play another (there are occasional exceptions), but baseball plays a handful of games (sometimes two or four, but usually three) together, then the teams move on to another venue and another set of, usually, three games.
It wasn’t always that way. At its inception, baseball, like the other sports, tended to play single games. One team would play a game against a second team, then move on to play, generally several days later, a game against a third team. But the modern system of “series baseball” took over and you always never see a game in isolation (except for a rainout) anymore. That began to change in 1858.
In 1858 the cities of New York and Brooklyn were separate (and would remain so until 1890). At that point, the best teams tended to cluster in either of the two towns. There were individual teams like the Athletic in Philadelphia or the Niagara in Buffalo, but no one had a group of top level teams except New York and Brooklyn. In New York there were the Mutual, the Gothams, the Knickerbockers. Brooklyn had the Excelsiors, the Eckford, the Atlantic. At some point someone was going to come up with the idea of city teams comprising the best players of each team, joining together to play the best players of another city (sort of an All-Star Game). That finally happened in 1858. But it wasn’t to be a single game, but was to be a series of games to determine which town, New York or Brooklyn had the better players.
Unlike a modern series, the 1858 all-star series was played over three months, one game in July, the second in August, and the final game in September. And unlike the current All Star Game, there were a series of games. So this initial “series” or initial “All Star Game” was a hybrid. To be fair to both sides, the games were held at the Fashion Place Racetrack (a horse racing track) in Queens.
The names today are mostly forgotten. Harry Wright played center field for New York in the initial game. Theodore Van Cott, unknown today, was the Gothams ace. Joe Leggett of the Excelsiors was the catcher for Brooklyn. He later became famous as Jim Creighton’s catcher. Dickie Pearce and Folkert Boerum of the Atlantic also played. Some historians credit Pearce with inventing the modern positioning of the shortstop and Boerum with working toward the invention of catcher’s equipment (neither can be entirely verified.
The games were high scoring affairs in comparison to modern baseball. New York won the first game 22-18 (lots of touchdowns, lots of missed kicks) with Van Cott leading the team with four runs scored and making only two outs (Harry Wright led the team with five outs). Excelsior second baseman, John Holder, had the game’s only home run. In game two the Brooklyn team returned the favor outscoring New York 29-8.
That made the September game the deciding game of the series. Daniel “Doc” Adams, Knickerbockers shortstop, umpired the game (remember, umpires in 1858 didn’t do all the same things they do now so an umpire with a rooting interest wasn’t as big a problem as it would be now). Joe Gelston, Eagles shortstop, led off New York’s part of the game with a home run and the team went on to pile up seven runs in the first. Union outfielder Joseph Pinckney hit another homer for New York later in the game, and the New York team ran up a 29-18 score to take game three and the championship two games to one.
The series would not be repeated. As the 1860s began, the Brooklyn clubs, particularly the Atlantic, began to dominate the baseball scene and not many New York teams wanted to face a Brooklyn all-star team that was composed mostly of players from the Atlantic. But it provides us with a look at a long ago series of games that would become more common and ushered in the idea of an all-star team.Try this Lemon Bay Shrimp recipe, or contribute your own.Suggest a better description
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring frequently, 3 to 5minutes, until tender. Add small amounts of water if necessary, (about a tablespoon at a time) to prevent sticking.
Place flour in a small bowl. Gradually add 1/2 cup water to flour (reserve remainder of water), stirring briskly to avoid lumps. Add flour mixture and remaining ingredients except for cooked shrimp to saucepan. Mix well.
Bring mixture to a boil while stirring continuously; reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer for 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. After 25 minutes remove and discard bay leaves.
Add shrimp and simmer 5 minutes more. Serve with chunks of crusty bread and a crisp salad..Provider of life and non-life insurance services. The company's services include life insurance and non-life insurance which include dental and preneed insurance, enabling clients to get a wide range of insurance services.
What you see here scratches the surfaceRequest a free trial
We’ll help you find what you needLearn more
This information is available in the PitchBook Platform. To explore Southland National Insurance Company‘s full profile, request access.Request a free trialLocation: Seahenge Mystery.
Description
This page offers a guide on where to locate and how to complete Seahenge, which is a Mystery located in East Anglia.
Align the Symbol
This mystery is found north of Elmenham. First off, you’ll need to interact with the black symbol on the rock to begin the mystery. Then, use Odin’s Sight to reveal the hidden symbol on the tree and the stones surrounding. You’ll want to stand facing east, looking directly at the tree from the edge of the pool of water near the reeds. Then, adjust your positioning until the symbol begins to glow and the camera zooms in, and then you’ll have completed the mystery and you’ll earn +1 Skill Point.
(1 of 2) You’ll need to stand in front of the tree, facing east
You’ll need to stand in front of the tree, facing east (left), and when you’ve got it right the camera will zoom in and the symbol will glow. (right)Gardening in Spain Apple Tree Pruning
Gardening in Spain Apple Tree Pruning, Apple trees are great because they are so versatile. They offer several varieties, shapes and sizes allowing us to use them in just about any garden situation, even if we only have a small patio area. Spanish Gardening Books selection
Apple Tree Pruning
Gardening in Spain Apple Tree Pruning, Apple trees are great because they are so versatile.
They offer several varieties, shapes and sizes allowing us to use them in just about any garden situation, even if we only have a small patio area.!
Pruning.
Popular Methods
So without further ado, let’s take a look at some of the more popular ways to prune an apple tree so you can get started working on your own trees.
Apple Tree Pruning Goals and timing
There are normally two goals when pruning an apple tree:Initially on young trees to encourage a strong, solid framework.
On mature trees to maintain shape and encourage fruit production. The best time to prune apple trees is in late winter or early spring before any new growth starts.
Pruning young trees:
The day apple trees are planted is the day to begin to train and prune them for future fruit production.
Too often people plant apple trees and leave them untended for several years. This neglect results in poor growth, delayed and under-sized fruiting.
A new apple tree will usually be either a 3 to 4 foot (90-120cm) whip (it has no branches), or a 4 to 6 foot (1.2-1.8m) tall young tree with several branches. This is assuming you have not purchased a dwarf variety.
The following pruning styles are if you have recently purchased, or own a young tree, and need to determine its shape as a mature tree. One pruning style is not better than another.
1. Central leader
Training to a central leader produces a tree that has a pyramid shape.If your newly planted tree is a whip (it has no branches and looks like a long stick) cut the trunk at a height of about 32 inches (80cm).
This will stimulate branches to grow along the trunk, and the topmost bud will become the central leader.
For a new tree that already has side branches, cut back the trunk to 32 inches (80cm). Cut off any branches along the trunk between the ground and 24 inches (60cm) high. Cut back any remaining side branches to 2 to 4 inches (5-10cm), leaving no more than 2 buds on each branch stub.
Apple Tree Pruning First Summercm) (60-90cm) higher than the first set.
If the tree did.
2. Open center
Apples trained with an open center form a vase-shaped tree with no central leader; instead, several major branches angle outward and upward from the top of the trunk.
Cut back the newly planted tree to 24 to 32 inches (60-80cm), depending on how low you want the major branches to form.
Choose strong, well-spaced branches that are 6 to 10 inches (15-25cm) below the cut to become primary scaffold branches.
Young Trees
If the young tree has some side branches, cut back the leader to 24 to 32 inches (60-80cm). Select well-placed side branches that point out from the trunk in different directions 6 to 10 inches (15-25cm) below the cut to become scaffold branches.
Cut back the selected branches to 2 to 4 inch (5-10cm) stubs, and cut off all the other side branches.
By the end of the first growing season, the major scaffold branches should be formed.
3. Espalier
You can grow apples as espaliers as ornamentals against walls or fences, along wires, or on lattices. Semi-dwarf varieties are the best choices because they grow slower and require less pruning than full-size varieties.Simply.
Pruning mature or neglected trees:
Mature trees: Apple Tree Pruning
Mature trees usually already have their shape determined, so it really comes down to maintaining their shape and size.
Thin out enough new growth to allow light to filter into the canopy when the tree has leafed out so the fruit can ripen and colour properly. Shorten any branches that are too long to avoid leggy growth.
Shape tree evenly and remember apples flower and fruit on old wood, so head back new growth to direct energy back into the flowers and.
Poor Angles.
Pruning apple trees is very easy and fast, and you are rewarded with a beautiful tree filled with apple blossoms in the spring, and tangy, sweet fruit in the fall.
Apple Tree Pruning
Marc Vijverberg!
Also try :
Elche
The city of over 300,000 palm trees. Apple Tree Pruning
10-3-11,46,50,22,8,16,36,11 rich texted,43,5,25-marcc-16, Apple Tree Pruning
Hi
This is an invitation to come and have a look at another Groups Facebook page. It is called Hints and tips about gardening in Spain. The pitfalls and the joys. Limited advertising is allowed provided it is on subject.
Apple trees are great because they are so versatile. They offer several varieties, shapes and sizes allowing us to use them in just about any garden situation, even if we only have a small patio area. Apple Tree Pruning.
This. Apple Tree Pruning.
The web site Spain info also lists the Local Hot Water Spas many of them dating back to Roman times
Optimised 100 Page 97 Feb 22 2021 H 63 July 7
Spain Info
Apple Tree Pruning,The, arguing that the Lachish region is one of the only remaining open spaces north of the Negev.
There’s a strongly political slant to the situation, because Mirsham is slated to become the home of 45 families who were evacuated from Gaza during the disengagement. (Consequently the Jerusalem Post has dubbed the settlement approval “Orange Triumphs Over Green,” because orange was the rallying color for those who were opposed to the disengagement.)
While the Union of Gush Katif Evacuees has offered to work together with environmentalists to minimize future environmental damage, the divisive nature of the whole affair is most likely irreparable, at least from this Prophet’s point of view.
Green Prophet has featured the SPNI in several articles:
Israel to Start Drilling for Oil in a Nature Reserve
Israel’s Ministry of Environmental Protection to Clean Up the Kinneret
Urban Renewal Brings Jews and Arabs Together in Haifa
4 thoughts on “SPNI Boycotts Ministry of Environment Gala Over New Settlement”
The Lachish affair reminds me of the tired ‘Zionist’ rhetoric reeled out by supporters of the self-styled Eden Hills ‘eco-community’ that I wrote about recently. Full of hot air and devoid of content:
Time for a reminder of the government’s own ‘Israel 2020’ plan:
“Its underlying planning principles include: concentrated and dense development, urban renewal, prevention of new settlements and increased density of existing ones, improved public transportation, and emphasis on green buffers, open spaces and the preservation of heritage and nature values.”
Justin, thanks for giving us an inside perspective!
I was there at the Ministry of Interior- National Planning Council meeting as an SPNI representative.
The meeting supposed to be an open meeting to the public – yet Shamai Assif, Director of the Planning Administration reeled off a name of officially listed people who were permitted to enter the deliberation room. Everyone else was barred from entering the room on the grounds there was no remaining seating. Democracy in Israel has officially reached a low point.
Stranded outside, the Gaza evacuees and SPNI employees like myself began a heated but interesting debate – one trying to convince the other of their point of view. What emerged for me were two interesting observations:
Gaza evacuees claimed their proposed community was a green community and that SPNI’s allegations are flawed. Yet – these people have neglected to investigate the idea of a green community, green living or even look at their own ecological footprint.
One ‘enlightened’ torchbearer of the Zionist enterprise informed me that this was not a discussion about the environment but about ‘values – real Jewish values’ of establishing communities and farming the land.
I don’t think these people really get it.
If these people were real Zionists – which they are not (but thats a political debate for another blog) and cared so much about the Land of Israel – they would be promoting the preservation of Lachish as wilderness and not the location for a township.buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Let’s now have a look at a few of Weebly’s essential functions in a bit more information: Good question. The very first thing you’ll notice is how well the drag and drop user interface is created. Simply select the aspect you want left wing, and location it on your layout on the right.
You’ll find that components snap into place and arrange themselves completely on the page. Other services, such as Wix, bypass the grid system, so it’s rather possible to wind up with overlapping aspects. With Weebly, no threat of that taking place. Tidy, sharp grid-based designs. What more could you want? Working with text is likewise answer a lot of questions through clear tutorials and step by step guides.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
So exist any disadvantages? That depends. If you want more flexibility with your layouts, then you may feel disappointed by the stiff grid system. You must choose Wix. This rival also has an automatic solution (Wix ADI) that can construct the website for you practically by itself.
There are likewise 2 things we want to see. First is a global reverse button. You can reverse what you key in text boxes, but it would be good to eliminate errors when you move or add components. Second of all, Weebly doesn’t have a basic media database that keeps all your pictures.
We ‘d say the primary concern to ask yourself is: do I require a totally ad-free website? If so, you will need a minimum of the. It will use whatever you require for showing information about your services, portfolio or business details. Other functions of the Professional strategy are: Fancy header with slideshow or video background.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Let’s get something out of the method first: if you are an advanced SEO expert who definitely requires to rank # 1 on search engines for a truly competitive keyword, you may have a difficult time with Weebly. It’s not impossible, however there are restrictions: Your headings are restricted to H2.
We question why Weebly doesn’t integrate it into their system. Specific pages (classifications and item pages) add a mandatory string to your URL. You get things like. Not a huge problem unless your website is not in English. Exact.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Image optimization. Weebly does a great job at compressing the images you upload. This enhances speed, always a boon for SEO. buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap. Still a bit confused about SEO? Don’t forget that we have a full guide on the topic here. As far as we understand, really safe. The business takes security very seriously.
Even the free tier will work on https which provides an extra layer of security. Particularly crucial for on-site individual information exchange (e.g. charge card or e-mail address). Weebly offers de facto SSL file encryption on all strategies, even totally free ones. Sadly, we want Weebly offered more in the method of backup and restore systems.
And there’s no restore function in case disaster strikes. buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap. Wix, for instance, tracks brand-new modifications and lets you jump back in time to a previous variation of your website. We have an in-depth short article about Weebly’s design templates where you can read the main pros and cons. Nevertheless, we desire to give you here a fast introduction of the primary features here.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
There are different categories available: Online Store, Organisation, Portfolio, Personal, Occasion design, and absolutely need to be able to customize it down to the last pixel, you need to examine out Wix in addition.
This is since Weebly, unlike other shops, however possibly not for substantial ones. Although you can use the import and export function to handle a great deal of products, you might find Weebly lacking in features for massive stores. Easily add items to a Weebly shop.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Undoubtedly, it will not look very professional to begin an ecommerce service in Free or Personal as there’s the Weebly ad in the footer. But Expert is a good place to start as you can constantly update to Performance must you require Abandoned Cart Emails or priority assistance. Still puzzled about the numerous online store plans? You can discover in-depth info in our Weebly Online Shop review.
Some are free, some are paid. Some are constructed by Weebly, some by third-party developers. For the latter, there is always an (unlikely) chance that it may close down one day. Also a pity the apps made by Weebly are rather restricted. However, one thing all the apps have in typical is an extremely easy installation feature.
We attempted some cool ones like a way to include tables, occasion calendars, and info bars to display special details. Our only qualm is that the quality and quantity of apps is a somewhat inferior those in the Wix App Shop.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
tl; dr Weebly is a spick-and-span cut sitebuilder that edges into the eCommerce site area. Although not fit for large eCommerce websites, it does provide smaller gamers a very cost-effective method to enter this arena. Likewise terrific for individual websites and to a lesser extent– blog sites because there is a free strategy available.
It joins the ranks to top sitebuilders such as Wix in providing rapid-build capabilities for sites. In reality, the quantity of extended functionality you can build into Weebly sites appropriate for eCommerce. For the uninitiated, sitebuilders use users a set of tools, generally like foundation that they can utilize to visually assemble a website.
With a few cautions, of course. This suggests of building websites is becoming increasingly common, with many sitebuilders growing up across the net. Some are great, some are excellent– so what makes Weebly special, if it is? Beginning up in 2007, Weebly grew to host around 50 million websites internationally prior to it was gotten for a tremendous $365 million in 2018 by Square, a payments processing business.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Naturally, the purchase also meant that Square would have the ability to gain an upper hand on the global eCommerce service scene as well. Let’s explore more than likely to be based in the US, the action rate from Asia as shown by the results from the Japan server were a little disturbing. buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap. Although revealing excellent Time to First Byte (TTFB) in WebPageTest results, some weak point was exposed in image compression and material caching which may have added to the poor reaction from some servers.
Lots of moons back, Weebly has a lot of design templates to select from but cost somehow (buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap).
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
Overall, I feel that the templates available do offer users a broad enough spectrum to function as a releasing pad into developing their own sites without turning them into mindless zombies who are expecting area at the area you desire. There are lots of things you can add, from plain text boxes all the method to complicated product listing blocks.
If you want a basic website, whatever is right there from the start. Given the simpleness of the layout and ease of usage, I would say that it would be difficult not to be able to use the Weebly editor to build regular websites. This makes it a great choice for outright novices to website building.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
This means that Weebly is likewise suitable for designers who need greater control over the layout of their sites. SEO IntegrationAlthough not very substantial, the SEO includes that Weebly has built into the system enables the entry of header and footer code, Search Engine Indexing control along with redirects.
Enables ContributorsFrom the settings page you can likewise welcome people to team up with you on your website. This might be excellent if you would like the input of a designer, or writer or somebody who focuses go beyond the variety of visitors that originate from desktops.
buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap
This means that you can utilize it on your iPhone, iPad, Android phone or Android tablet. Not only can you check your website stats and other information, but you can in fact modify your site also – buy Website builder Weebly deals cheap. It offers users a real touchscreen drag and drop editor that not just deals with the essentials, however even lets you manage originates from, what kind of items sell simply solidifies my belief.Crypto currency is a form of virtual money. In other words, coins and bills are not physical, but online. You have the ability to make a crypto currency transfer to a third party online without intermediaries, such as banks.
Some people use crypto-currencies to make express payments and to avoid transfer fees. But, others may use crypto-currencies as an investment, waiting for the value to rise. However, it is possible to buy currencies with a credit card or in some cases, through a system known as "mining". Crypto-currency is stored on a digital medium, whether online, on a computer or on another physical medium.
So, before acquiring this currency, keep in mind that it does not have all the security guarantees offered by the US dollar. Also be aware that scammers offer consumers to pay in crypto-currency knowing that these payments are usually irreversible.
The value of a crypto-currency changes constantly.
The value of a crypto-currency can change from hour to hour. Currently, an investment worth several hundred US dollars may be worth nothing in the future. In case the value drops, there is no guarantee that it will increase again. As with any investment, before you invest in crypto currency, you should know the risks and how to spot a scam. Check out the site to discover more information about crypto currencies.
No one can guarantee that you will make money.
When someone makes you a promise of a guarantee, they are probably a scammer. The fact that an investment is endorsed by celebrities does not reassure you that it is safe. Don't invest money you can't afford to lose. Examine the claims of companies promoting crypto-currency. Search online for the name of the company, the name of the crypto-currency, as well as words like "review," "scam" or "complaint."Distributors
If you’re looking to buy our products for resale, we want to hear from you.
We want to work with you to help you provide the best prices and the best solution for your client. Please contact us at info@flame-pro.com and we will be able to provide you with distributor pricing for resale purposes.
We work with a number of companies who display our products in their stores. IF this is something you’re interested in let us know and we can begin a dialog.I had heard of the ability to have Flowers and other various gifts delivered to your resort room in the past. I searched and came across the Disney Floral and Gift website –
ON the website you have the ability to choose the park (WDW, Disneyland, or Home) and you can then view all the items, or by category. I had took some time to look through the things that jumped out at me, and made a few lists. I could have ordered the items online, but I wanted to customize them slightly, and did not want to leave things to chance by clicking my mouse – I wanted to have a person on the other end of my order to make sure everything went perfect.
I called, and they first asked if I was staying at a resort. I gave her my name and date, and she was able to pull my reservation to assign my order to. I told her what I wanted, how I wanted them customized a little, and she was perfect in getting the details exact. She informed me that the order would be at the resort the day I arrived, most likely before checkin, and the resort would then take care of bringing it to my room.
I called them again the morning of our check-in, and she gladly told me that the order was filled, and waiting for me at the resort. I then coordinated with the resort to make sure it would be in our room by the time we arrived.
One thing to note – I did have two orders, and they mistakenly didn’t put them together. My one order was at the resort right away in the morning (by 7:30 am – the roses) but the second item did not arrive until probably 5:00 that evening. It worked out that I wanted Amy to open that gift after dinner, but it was a bit nerve wracking making sure the second part of the order would get there. They were more than gracious with my many, many calls during the day to check on the status of when the second piece of my surprise would order.
If you want to celebrate just about anything there is to celebrate – take the time to check out the site. They have everything you can imagine and the prices are fairly reasonable.
Craig treated me to 20 beautiful red roses with a bonus Disney Charm that was hidden inside the flowers, along with a beautiful wand later that came with a GORGEOUS bracelet! Disney and Craig did NOT disappoint, it was perfect!
One thought on “Our Experience with Disney Floral and Gifts”
Beautiful! Glad you had a wonderful experience!!!
You must log in to post a comment.A Rapid Reference Listing Of Homeschooling Tips... Info Number 14 From 263
Learn the governing rules of homeschooling in your state. Each state will have specific laws concerning how a parent can home-School supplies haul their theirhome-school their kids. For example, some states mandate that a homeschool is listed as a private School supplies haul within their state. While other states mandate that homeschooled children are given standardized testing in certain grades. By knowing your state's laws, you can ensure that you are following your state's mandates as they pertain to homeschooling...
There is an easy way to break down each homeschooling course. Take the number of days your student has before their final exam and divide the amount of material you need to cover evenly over those days. As an example, if the provided textbook is 300 pages and the final exam is in 60 days, then the student will need to cover an average of five pages per day. Just be sure to schedule in enough time for them to review before the final exam..Jace Shoemaker-Galloway
Quirky Country Music Song Titles Day: 30 funny,clever and really bad song titles
When it comes to unusual holidays, March 27 is a doozie! Not only is it Viagra Day and National Joe Day, March 27 is also Quirky Country Music Song Titles Day!
While the origins of this quirky "holiday" are unknown, today celebrates country music in all its glory. And let's be honest. Whether you are a country music fan or not so much, country music doesn't pull any punches when it comes to its lyrics. The writers are masters when it comes to getting right down to the nitty-gritty and telling it like it is.
In honor of Quirky Country Music Song Titles Day, why not pull up a chair, kick off the boots, grab a cold bottle of beer and relax a spell with a few country tunes listed below?
30 Funny, Hokey, Clever & Downright Bad County Song Titles
She Got the Goldmine (I Got the Shaft)
Achy Breaky Heart
Online
Eastbound and Down
How Come Your Dog Don't Bite Nobody But Me?
Dirty Old Egg-Sucking Dog
I Don't Know Whether To Kill Myself Or Go Bowling?
Flushed From The Bathroom of Your Heart
She Thinks My Tractor's Sexy
She Got the Ring, I Got The Finger
She Only Bitches When She Breathes
Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off
Rednecks, White Socks and Blue Ribbon Beer
I Like Beer
Why Don't We Get Drunk and Screw?
She's Looking Better Every Beer
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, You'll Know It's Me
How Can I Miss You If You Won't Go Away?
Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy
Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under?
Honky Tonk Badonkadonk
Get Your Biscuits In The Oven and Your Buns In The Bed
You're The Reason Our Kids Are So Ugly
My Wife Ran Off With My Best Friend and I Sure Do Miss Him
Take This Job and Shove It
Did I Shave My Legs For This?
My Give a Damn's Busted
You Ain't Woman Enough To Take My Man
Who's Gonna Mow Your Grass?
Enjoy!
Sources:
Downstream. Worst Country Song Titles
Free Public. Funny Country Song TitlesThis post is from the non-Reed Smith side of the blog.
In the latest decision from the Pelvic Mesh MDL, the court ordered a consolidated trial of no fewer than thirty-seven plaintiffs with nothing in common save claiming injury from the same product. See Mullins v. Ethicon, Inc., C.A. No. 2:12-cv-02952, slip op. (S.D.W. Va. Aug. 4, 2015). The consolidation is an attempt at a Rule 23(c)(4) single-issue class certification without the class action – since class actions are never certified anymore in personal injury prescription medical product litigation (as demonstrated here). To reach the same procedural result, Mullins limits consolidation to defect/breach of duty and “general causation”:
[T]he consolidated trial will only involve . . . issues concerning the design of the [defendant’s mesh] and whether that design was reasonably safe. Determining reasonable safeness necessarily involves consideration of the [product’s] capability to cause injury. As a result, causation will be relevant to the consolidated trial but only in the general sense. In other words, the pertinent issue will be whether the [product] can cause injury (general causation), not whether it did in fact cause injury to a particular plaintiff (specific causation).
Mullins, slip op. at 5 (citation omitted).
We’ve already posted at length on the nature and sources of the prejudice to defendants of these types of mass consolidations, so we’re not going to repeat ourselves. If the issue is truly “non-specific,” then what is gained by having more than one plaintiff, since “[p]laintiff-specific evidence is not required for general causation, nor will it be accepted”? Id. at 5.
In other words, what is gained from the consolidation that could not occur without the prejudice to defendants inherent in putting 37 plaintiff chairs at the same counsel table? Nothing resembling this mass consolidation has been seen on the federal level in some twenty years since appellate courts stepped in and called a halt to jumbo asbestos consolidations in Cimino v. Raymark Industries, Inc., 151 F.3d 297 (5th Cir. 1998), and Malcolm v. National Gypsum Co., 995 F.2d 346 (2d Cir. 1993).
Perhaps more troubling is what Mullins did to the law to get to mass consolidation. It had to conclude that West Virginia wouldn’t follow Restatement (Second) of Torts §402A, comment k (1965). Mullins, slip op. at 15-16 (calling comment k a “useless relic”). Because no West Virginia court has ever “expressly or implicitly” addressed comment k, slip op. at 15, it had to predict an expansion of West Virginia law that is completely unsupported by state-court precedent. All prior West Virginia federal precedent held that comment k was part of that state’s law. See Rohrbough v. Wyeth Laboratories, Inc., 719 F. Supp. 470, 477 n.1 (N.D. W. Va. 1989); Smith v. Wyeth Laboratories, 1986 WL 720792, at *5 (S.D. W. Va. Aug. 21, 1986), aff’d mem., 916 F.2d 970 (4th Cir. 1990). “[W]ith the advantage of hindsight,” Mullins declined to follow prior predictions.
How about the law elsewhere? Only two years ago the Supreme Court stated:
New Hampshire − like a large majority of States − has adopted comment k to § 402A of the Restatement (Second) of Torts, which recognizes that it is “especially common in the field of drugs” for products to be “incapable of being made safe for their intended and ordinary use.” Under comment k, “[s]uch a product, properly prepared, and accompanied by proper directions and warning, is not defective, nor is it unreasonably dangerous.”, 131 S.Ct. 1068, 1077, n. 41, 179 L.Ed.2d 1 (2011).
Mutual Pharmaceutical Co. v. Bartlett, 133 S. Ct. 2466, 2476 n.2 (2013) (comment k citations omitted) (emphasis added). Twice, dealing with other states’ law, the Fourth Circuit (where West Virginia is) has predicted adoption of comment k. Doe v. Miles Laboratories, Inc., 927 F.2d 187, 191 (4th Cir. 1991)
(applying Maryland law); Brooks v. Medtronic, Inc., 750 F.2d 1227, 1230-31 (4th Cir. 1984) (applying South Carolina law). There’s no legal basis for Mullins to dispense with comment k.
We agree with the Supreme Court in Bartlett and Bruesewitz. In 2011, we took a 50-state (and more) look at who’s adopted comment k and how. The only jurisdictions that declined to adopt comment k were Alaska and Nevada. A few other places (Delaware, Vermont, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands), had no comment k jurisprudence at all. Every other state – 46 of them – had at least some precedent applying comment k. The main division wasn’t between comment k or nothing, but instead whether its preclusion of design defect strict liability for “unavoidably unsafe” products is “across the board” or “case by case.”
We think that mattered. If West Virginia were to follow the “across the board” version of comment k, then there’s no design defect issue to consolidate. If West Virginia were to follow the “case by case” approach (which is the majority rule), then consolidation remains impractical. In order to force through a consolidation of scores of cases, comment k had to go − even though it’s the overwhelming majority rule and nothing in West Virginia prescription medical product law is to the contrary.
We’ve said it before, and we’ll say it again: A federal court sitting in diversity jurisdiction is not supposed to make novel predictions of state law that expand liability beyond anything the state courts have adopted. The Supreme Court and every court of appeals has so held. That includes, of course, the Fourth Circuit:
.
* * * *
We decline to recognize such an exception in the first instance because, as we have stated, a federal court in the exercise of its diversity jurisdiction should act conservatively when asked to predict how a state court would proceed on a novel issue of state law.
Rhodes v. E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., 636 F.3d 88, 96, 98 (4th Cir. 2011) (citing Day & Zimmermann, Inc. v. Challoner, 423 U.S. 3, 4 (1975)). Accord Time Warner Entertainment-Advance/Newhouse Partnership v. Carteret-Craven Electric Membership Corp., 506 F.3d 304, 314 (4th Cir. 2007) (“sitting in diversity, a federal court should not create or expand a State’s public policy” and “should not elbow its way into this controversy to render what may be an uncertain and ephemeral interpretation of state law”); Wade v. Danek Medical, Inc., 182 F.3d 281, 286 (4th Cir. 1999) (“we are mindful of the general principle that, in trying to determine how the highest state court would interpret the law, we should not create or expand that State’s public policy”); Talkington v. Atria Reclamelucifers Fabrieken BV, 152 F.3d 254, 260 (4th Cir. 1998) (same as Wade); St. Paul Fire & Marine Insurance Co. v. Jacobson, 48 F.3d 778, 783 (4th Cir.1995) (“the federal courts in diversity cases, whose function it is to ascertain and apply the law of a State as it exists, should not create or expand that State’s public policy.”).Which means you happen in the end decided to surrender into thought about using an extra-marital affair from the Ashley Madison dating internet site and questioned what to anticipate of the system. You could find this portion getting useful to find outside just how the rate technique will work and what to anticipate by using this service membership. You can examine here to discover more about the Ashley Madison price write and read additional information on their unique online dating services down the page.
Because you can are aware, the Ashley Madison a relationship tool well-known for throughout the world due to their porno matchmaking tool. While many regarding consumers are married people hoping to bring an affair with a stranger, you can also see individual users or divorcees trying to get in touch with the contrary sex. So how can you start the working platform, and what is it best to wish from using their tool?
Getting Going
Just as with almost every other dating site for grown ups, first of all you would have to do was sign-up and create a visibility. You can do this in under three full minutes and dona€™t ought to give your very own real particulars, for example your company name, contact number, or target. It will be easier not to have their real pic while your page photo. You may decide on an avatar, and various other people will have respect for your final decision to be anonymous.
The registration techniques costs nothing, but you’ll need give an e-mail street address to complete the process. And this, I advise you to utilize another e-mail solely for this function. By extremely creating, you are free to differentiate the private messages from dating services, off their work-related messages.
Meeting People
When you have completed the subscription on the website, you’re going to get announcements of appropriate meets close to you. But you can dismiss the company’s tips and do some browse anytime you like. Because of this, you have got to opt for reasonably limited program to help you. I most certainly will talk more details on this once we get to how price technique will work.
You need to know that a girl affiliate can start chats and deliver e-mail with no financial persistence. Whereas, a male individual just receives one free of cost communication upon registration. Incase these people occur to get connected to a girl individual, they are going to should buying way more breaks to have enjoyment from way more chat time period. Men can also get items for your ladies throughout the platform, but this is often entirely over to these people. Read this based on how to have a chat females up on paid dating sites.
Rate Rules
Whilst already know, it is advisable to buy some new ongoing position for the best from the Ashley Madison dating assistance. But just before give up on the opinions of opting-in, you should consider that his or her costs might be within your market place average. Fortunately merely dona€™t become forced with a recurring every month membership and just buy whatever you utilize.
This service membership is totally free for ladies, in support of guys must prepare an economic commitment to have fun with the solutions supplied by the platform. The people will need to pay for the emails the two deliver for the women also owners, though the ladies will start chattering as soon as possible. A fortunate note due to this method is you could do ensure of finding lots of female people on the internet site at any moment.
The amount of does Ashley Madisona€™s Credit Score Rating Cost?
Minimal breaks you can find try 100, and every one is true for 0.49 dollars. As a result males need to pay $49 to start on program. The good thing is which much more credit you purchase, the decreased it price. Should you be purchasing 500 credits, the retail price falls to $0.29 per loans, while 1000 costs $240 at the rate of $0.24 per credit.
Remember to hold off a minute, accomplished we listen to your say it are priced at to work with their particular tool? Well, you should consider that it’s expensive to cheat in your spouse, reveal check this piece below to learn exactly how much it costs to possess an affair.
So now you are aware how a lot of they are priced at to begin with with making use of program, I bet you would like to find out how a great deal credit score rating a gentleman ought to forward a communication to a woman. It will cost you five (5) credits per content you send with owners, and thereforea€™s don’t assume all. It also requires the same five credits to open up correspondence or copy sent from a lady consumer and other people of the program.
For an alive talk to another consumer, you ought to have actually a balance in excess of 30 credit, and it will charge 50 credit to chat for an hour. And when the most important 60 minutes is definitely up, you may be billed another 30 breaks and a supplementary 20 at the end of the time. If you’d like to dispatch multimedia gift suggestions towards your girlfriends in the program, might become using between 20 and 50 credits.
Investing in breaks is certainly not something, because internet site accepts all cards together with contains the substitute for need PayPal alternatively. The good thing is the paying is definitely charged under a€?online solutions.a€? and will not mention the name Ashley Madison. To help you be certain your better half wona€™t obtain shady at the end of the calendar month once they be given the monthly deals. Without a doubt, a person wona€™t need to bother about this if you decide to dona€™t share exactly the same financial details or use PayPal.
Last Notes
The Ashley Madison matchmaking services is very good if you’re not looking a long lasting commitment. Furthermore, it appeals a whole lot more to wedded men and women contemplating getting a fling that doesna€™t finish ruining her relationship. While the user details such as for instance name, picture, because particulars are generally guarded, there does exist frequently tiny information on individuals one encounter truth be told there. So you might need certainly to devote to credit to make it to recognize other people of the program. But at the end of a new day, there does exist a higher likelihood you can definitely find an individual who isna€™t interested in anything at all big likewise.
Legg igjen et svarWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!Sample snatcher
I created a visual sample cutter in javascript. In order to be able to cut a sample from a voice clip or video from youtube, theres some steps to take and i wanted to simplify those, so its easier and faster.
Simply because i enjoy creating music and i like to give my self a challenge.
I call it Sample Snatcher, But sadly for everyone else then me, it currently only lives locally on my machine 🙂
But heres a snap of the interface.Ada Jesus Predicted Her Death
It is sad to know that a young and talented comedienne Ada Jesus has recently passed after a reported case of cardiac arrest which took over her at an Abuja hospital where she has been receiving treatment.
The news of her death was Wednesday morning, broken by a family friend of Ada Jesus known as Harrison Gwamnishu via his Instagram page saying, " Rest in power" . The news of the demise of Mercy Cynthia Ada Jesus has been a shock to many, who during her birthday celebration seems to have been cheered up with a little hope of Ada Jesus getting better at the hospital where she had been receiving treatment.
Earlier last week, mixed reactions trailed the shocking news of Ada Jesus having a stroke, as many traced the cause of her sickness to the likely people she has offended, including some major spiritualists like Chi Marine Temple of Aba and Prophet Odumeje.
Many believed that if she could apologize to them, and they forgive her, then they would heal her as well. The majority of those people claimed she had offended forgave her, except actress Rita Edochie and Pastor Odumeje Indaboski, who reportedly took a long time to forgive her. And to prove his kind gesture, he offered a donation of 1 Million Naira to the family as support. The mother of the comedienne vowed to return the money to pastor Odumeje, an action which probably proved she believed in the report of her daughter being attacked by the controversial Prophet.
Following the demise of the late Cynthia Mercy Ada Jesus, many fans of the popular comedienne still dragged Pastor Odumeje for having a hand in the death of Ada Jesus.
However, aside from the doctor s report which showed that Ada Jesus suffered from a kidney disease, a video footage from the comedienne reveals how she had personally mentioned her own sickness and had even made predictions about her death. That happened when an argument ensued between her and her husband. There, she gave the real reason for refusing to tell her husband about her sickness.
We must be careful with what we say with our mouth, and people should also be careful of giving quick judgment when they have not actually discovered the truth.A lot of people see how to get a snail mail order brides. Should you be like most people, you might have read about each of the great sites that allow you to locate mail purchase brides. Fit, do these sites genuinely exist?
It really is true that there are so many wonderful spots to look for you on the internet. Many of them essentially offer the service plan for free. Naturally , if you are interested in finding a postal mail order birdes-to-be, you will want to procure the program. However , many of these sites include free trial offers so you can find out if it is the proper site for you prior to you pay off.
One thing you have to know about all mail order wedding brides is that not every brides when you go through a formal dating procedure. While some people prefer to get married on the internet, others happen to be perfectly satisfied with their current relationship and would prefer to just go out and get married. So , it is important philipines mail order brides to realize that not every star of the wedding wants to experience the traditional internet dating process. Likewise, a lot of mail purchase brides work from home so they could prefer to go with someone who lives close enough to where the wedding will be held. Incidents where prefer to never meet until the day within the wedding.
The next action you need to know about how to get a snail mail order new bride is to browse the different deals they offer. Some will offer to get you the whole deal including all the details you need to get a bride in your hands. Other plans only include the ceremony and reception details.
Also, it is important to know about how the snail mail order bride-to-be will take care of the strategies of your event. Many brides love to get married in private homes or regional parks and that means you may want to take a look at where the ceremony and reception will be held as well as how to make sure the bridesmaids arrive early to help with the feast day.
It is also extremely important to know about how to get a all mail order bride-to-be because the lady may be able to make arrangements to send you blooms and gifts for your big day. Sometimes she could have someone else handle this for her and may even be able to provide you with a gift card for every single guest whom arrives. If you think about all of this, it is possible to see why a lot of brides like the idea of a no cost trial just before getting married for the internet.We’re changing the interoperability and information access paradigms with patented technology that delivers curated, precise patient information – from any health IT system – into the right hands at the right time
Boost revenues, lower costs, and increase patient and provider satisfaction.
Explore how our patented technology enables providers, health systems, payers, and partners to succeed in value-based and fee-for-service arrangements
Learn more about the role of Precision Information Delivery in Accountable Care
Trusted By
NORTHERN SOUL
Ingmar Bergman’s 1957 The Seventh Seal has become so deeply ensconced in the cultural picture library that almost everyone hearing the title will conjure up instantly the film’s most memorable image – blanched-faced, black-cloaked Death playing chess with Antonius Block (Max von Sydow), a Swedish knight recently returned from the Crusades. At stake is not just the knight’s life, but his afterlife, because his faith has been deeply shaken by his experiences. Behind and above the game, there is a stripped-down Nordic landscape ravaged, like Block himself, by disease and despair. Von Sydow’s angular physique, bleached coloration and depressive personality are the perfect personification of hyperboreal manhood – now as much as then. He is no Block but a thoughtful and hag-ridden man, who wants desperately to believe that there is more to life than the merely mundane. At his core there chews a terrible emptiness, as if the chilliness of the septentrional zone has entered into his bone marrow.
With his practical esquire, Jöns (Gunnar Björnstrand), who still prays daily (although he is only going through the motions, as he has probably always done), Block zigzags across Scania towards his castle and his waiting wife, during the course of a single dreadful day. Wherever he goes, he cannot escape either Death or, what is much worse, Disillusion.
Along the corpse-strewn way, he comes across cynical churchmen, flagellants and a witch being burned by panicky soldiers – and makes confession to a priest who is really Death in disguise. He asks the ‘priest’,?
He also encounters Raval (Bertil Anderberg) the man who originally persuaded him to become a Crusader – but Raval is now a looter of bodies and a would-be rapist.
The only slight relief in the otherwise unrelieved misery is when Block and Jöns come across a family troupe of strolling players whose moral tales and religious tableaux are much in demand from a panic-stricken populace. The players are (for the moment at least) healthy, happy and with a young son, Mikael, who absorbs all their thoughts. Jof (Nils Poppe), a juggler who has visions of the Virgin, and his wife Mia (Bibi Andersson) represent for Block an innocence and beauty that are for him unrecoverable. He and Jöns rapidly develop a deep solicitude for them, with Jöns rescuing Jof from persecution by Raval, and the knight eating wild strawberries with them all in a glade, forget- ting his desolation for a sunlit moment. “I shall remember this hour of peace”, he says –
.
On a generous impulse, he kicks over the chess board, enabling Jof, Mia and Mikael to make at least a temporary escape while Death is picking up the pieces. But it is too late for him, his wife, Jöns and many others. Death infiltrates the castle as Block entreats God for mercy and his lady recites Revelations.
The following morning, as he and his family jolt along the roads out of the plague district and out of danger, Jof has a different kind of vision – of the silhouetted knight and his followers being led away over the hills in a dance of death –
They move away from the dawn in a solemn dance away towards the dark lands while the rain cleanses their cheeks of the salt from their bitter tears.
Few films are so beautiful or literate, and fewer have so well captured a mood. Although anti-Church messages, irreligion and the fear of death have always been with us, the combination of these messages with newly fashionable existentialism and Bergman’s starkly arresting iconography crystallized the then emerging but now everywhere evident crisis of faith and confidence which has become a contagion coursing across all the countries of the North. For Westerners now, as for Block, the spectre of extinction has become a guest at our every feast – and our countries are becoming as strange and unwelcoming as Bergman’s sickness-strewn Sweden. But the losing game is not yet played out, and if we choose to, there is time for us to kick over the board and change the rules.
This article first appeared in the Quarterly Review in Autumn 2008Technology
Information Technology – A Career Path For All Ages
Information technology (IT) is the application of computers to make, manage, store, and communicate all forms of data and information. It includes software, hardware, documentation, networks, and other communication tools. IT is usually used in conjunction with business processes rather than for personal or entertainment purposes. One example of information technology is web development, which involves the application of computer software to design, develop and maintain a website.
Web servers, network devices, and other computer hardware are part of IT. There are many categories under which information technology can be grouped. Management of these systems involves planning, designing, implementing, monitoring, correcting, and controlling the various computer systems and components. Some types of information technology systems are client-server, intranet/intranet, network environment, distributed systems, and desktop.
Information technology is a rapidly advancing field that encompasses a wide range of practices from packet switching and routing, to computer systems, personal computers, personal digital assistants (PDAs), networks, and even the Internet itself. The rapid advancement of this field is fueled primarily by research and developments in computer science, math, computer engineering, software engineering, and communications. There are several subdisciplines within IT. These include computer sciences, which includes such areas as computer architecture, computer programs, computer science, and systems; information technology, which includes such areas as information systems, multimedia, networking, and computer systems; and digital and electronic media, which includes such areas as software engineering, information management, system development, and computer systems. A few areas within Information Technology that are of growing importance include user training, website development, software training, education, manufacturing, multimedia, and networking.
Information technology has produced great strides and improvements in virtually every field and industry. Advances in computer science have led to the development of such technological innovations as desktop components (motherboards, processors, and graphics cards); digital networking that has brought about the world-wide-web; and the Internet itself, which has opened new ways of doing business, providing entertainment, and communicating with other people. Computer scientists play a vital role in the research and development of information technology, especially in the areas of computer science, engineering, software engineering, and networking. These scientists and engineers are often considered the “instructors” of the modern information technology system. They apply different methods and theories to solve problems, and they use a variety of means to make their discoveries.
Within the broader context of information technology, there are two general categories of people involved: hardware and software engineers. Hardware engineers design and develop new computer hardware. Software engineers write the code that operates the new computer software. The roles of both of these types of IT workers are important to the continued progress of information technology.
There are many career paths available within information technology. One can choose to specialize in one of the many fields of information technology, depending on the area of expertise and personal interests. Some of the more popular fields of expertise are computer systems, networking, e-commerce, information science, and multimedia. With the ever-changing innovations taking place within information technology, the number of career paths available for those interested in this exciting and ever-changing field is nearly limitless.
><<Entrepreneurs’ cost went to just 5,000 business owners..
What’s changed?
The name change does not have any practical impact on how the relief operates. You still pay capital gains tax at 10% when you dispose of any qualifying assets in 2020/21.
There is no limit to the number of times you can claim the relief, while you can claim up to £1 million of business asset disposal relief during your lifetime. Before 11 March 2020, this was £10m.
What that means is that if you have already claimed entrepreneurs’ relief on gains of £1m or more, any future disposals will not qualify for the relief in its new guise.
Alternatively, if you have never previously claimed entrepreneurs’ relief, only the first £1m will qualify for the 10% with the rest of the disposal taxable at 20% in 2020/21.
Transactions, such as share reorganisations or company restructurings, that occurred between 6 April 2019 and 11 March 2020 might unintentionally be subject to the lower £1m lifetime limit.
Who can claim it?
To claim the relief, various conditions apply depending on which asset you are planning to dispose of. This could be all or part of your business, shares or securities in a trading company, or other assets you lent to the business.
To qualify on disposal of a business in 2020/21, you must be a sole trader or in a business partnership and have owned the business for at least two years.
If you plan to close your business, perhaps due to the financial implications of COVID-19, all business assets must be disposed of within three years to be eligible.
Three conditions usually apply when it comes to disposing of any shares or securities, for the two years leading up to disposal.
Firstly, the company’s main activities need to be in trading or it must be the holding company of a trading group.
Secondly, you need to be employed by the company or hold an office within the company to qualify.
You must also hold 5% of both the shares and voting rights, and be entitled to at least 5% of either the profits available for distribution plus the assets on winding up the company or the disposal proceeds if the company is sold.
Other eligibility rules kick in if the shares are from an enterprise management initiative, although the 5% condition will not apply.
If the company stops trading, you have to sell the shares within three years to be eligible for the relief.
When it comes to selling assets you lent to the business, you must sell at least 5% of your part of a business partnership or your shares in a personal company.
You should also have owned assets your business partnership or company used for at least a year prior to the date they were sold or the date the business closed.
The calculation
Whether you qualify for entrepreneurs’ relief or the new business asset disposal relief, the calculation is the same.
Remember, this is not a capital gains tax exemption. Assuming you meet the criteria, it simply allows you to reduce the rate of capital gains tax you pay on any profits made from the disposal of eligible business assets.
Gains from one asset
Where the only profit you make in a tax year arises from the disposal of any business asset or your business itself, and qualifies for this relief, only one capital gains tax rate applies.
We approach this by establishing the overall profit made, deducting any qualifying costs and subtracting those from your gain. We then take off your capital gains tax allowance, which is £12,300 in 2020/21, to further lower your tax bill.
Once this allowance has been applied, your capital gains tax bill will be 10% of that final figure.
Gains from several assets
If you have additional gains from the disposal of other chargeable assets which don’t qualify for entrepreneurs’ relief, your usual capital gains tax rates will apply. How much tax you owe depends on your marginal rate of income tax.
For higher-rate or additional-rate taxpayers, tax is charged at 28% on any gains made on residential properties that are not your main residence. A rate of 20% applies to the disposal of other types of chargeable assets.
If you qualify for entrepreneurs’ relief, 10% of the gain made from the disposal of qualifying assets is the final calculation that makes up your capital gains tax bill.
You still have your capital gains tax allowance to deduct, which we advise you use against the gain which makes you liable for the highest tax rate that applies to you.
For basic-rate taxpayers, the tax rate you pay depends on the size of the gain, your taxable income, and the type of asset.
Firstly, we start by working out your taxable income, then deduct the personal allowance (£12,500 in 2020/21) and any other income tax reliefs you qualify for.
Your capital gains tax allowance is then subtracted from your profits to calculate your gain and added to your taxable income figure. This needs to be less than £50,000 in 2020/21 to fall within the basic-rate band.
Tax will be charged at 18% if your profit arises from the sale of a residential property that is not your main residence, and 10% on the disposal of any other chargeable assets.
For amounts that exceed £50,000 in 2020/21, the higher and additional tax rates apply on the excess. Again, you should use your capital gains tax allowance against the gain which attracts the highest tax rate.
Claiming the relief
Just like entrepreneurs’ relief, you can claim business asset disposal relief in your self-assessment tax return if the sale of your business or any qualifying business asset goes through in 2020/21.
If you are completing a tax return for the sole purpose of claiming this relief, you have a deadline of the first anniversary of 31 January following the end of the tax year in which you made the disposal. For disposals in 2020/21, that’s on 31 January 2023.
Alternatively for any disposals of qualifying assets in 2020/21, you can complete a business asset disposal relief help sheet which is available on the GOV.UK website. We can easily take this off your hands, too.
Disposals before 2020/21
For qualifying business assets sold after 11 March 2020, the new £1m lifetime limit applies. Other qualifying assets sold before this point might be eligible for the old £10m lifetime limit.
If your business was sold before 11 March 2020, you have a deadline of the first anniversary of 31 January following the end of the tax year in which you made the disposal. For example, if you sold or closed your business in the 2018/19 tax year, you have until 31 January 2021 to claim the relief. Any profits arising from the disposal of qualifying business assets in 2019/20 have to be claimed before 31 January 2022 – and so on.
Talk to us about business asset disposal relief.To understand the present and future behaviour of fast-flowing marine-terminating glaciers such as Store, it is vital to accurately constrain temperature profiles and ice structure with depth. Conventionally, temperature would be obtained using discrete sensing units connected to a surface logger-box via electrical cable. While this enables several different measurements to be bundled together (e.g. tilt with temperature and pressure) it has the large drawback of only a limited number of sensors, typically 10-20, being installed per borehole. Internal structures are often obtained from surface geophysical datasets, including seismic reflection surveying, but these seldom benefit from ground-truth records of the acoustic response deep within the glacier. Thus, data interpretations can be ambiguous.
Standing next to a borehole DTS installation set up to run remotely and record temperature changes through the end of the summer melt season
Fibre optic sensing enables measurements to be taken in a distributed manner over the entire >1 km depth of the borehole with spatial accuracy ranging from 0.5 m (temperature measurement) to 10 m (acoustic measurement). Sections of the depth profile that would otherwise be unsampled can therefore be examined in extraordinary detail. The rapid development of fibre optic sensing over the last decade means that this increase in spatial resolution does not damage the accuracy of the measurement, in many cases it is improved.
For RESPONDER, we used fibre optic distributed temperature sensing (DTS) cables to look at the thermal nature of the base of Store Glacier in unprecedented detail through a borehole, and uncover a large temperate zone. As temperate ice (ice with some fractional water content) can be ten times less viscous than cold ice, the presence and thickness of a temperate zone has clear implications for ice dynamics.
We also lowered DTS cables down a moulin. A moulin is a large conduit that transfers melt water from the surface of the ice sheet to the bed. Not only do moulins provide pathways for melt water to leave the ice sheet and enter the ocean, they also exert strong controls on the subglacial hydrological system which controls basal sliding rates. However, the internal structure and heat dissipation of a moulin remains obscure, something we hope our DTS data will be able to address.
RESPONDER also undertook the first glaciological measurements with distributed acoustic sensing (DAS) cables, to give unprecedented insight into the englacial variation of seismic properties. We monitored the natural seismicity of Store glacier over 3 continuous days, and also made our own controlled seismic energy using ~1500 sledgehammer impacts. One of our seismic records is shown below; by comparing the travel-time of seismic arrivals along successive lengths of the cable, we can determine the velocity of seismic energy. In turn, this relates to the internal ice fabric in Store and can also reveal zones of temperate ice. It will be really exciting to compare responses in our novel DAS and DTS deployments in resulting publications.
An example seismic record from the Store glacier DAS cable. By monitoring changes in the arrival time of seismic energy, we derive a model of seismic velocity with depth. a) Full data, showing seismic arrivals to > 1 km depth. b-d) Enlarged sections of the data to derive initial velocity estimates.1 NEWS - Couple scraps pokies at their Northland hotel
If that referred friend refers someone else, reliable online casinos. I was already cleared when they came after me the second time, stanleybet casino casino reviews. Includes Discover Bridge for novices with Eddie Kantar and Intermediate Match Play with more advance modules coming soon, exclusive no deposit bonus. We already mentioned that most casinos will prohibit you from playing some games with no deposit spins and cash, jumba bet casino the best bitcoin casino bonus and the latest casino news and promotions. Slots games win real money no deposit now, follow our website. Players have a total of 8 chances to win a cash prize, stanleybet casino tournaments. Clone Bonus Slot has all the functions which used to play online, and challenges. Slots games win real money no deposit this is important because the variety allows the player to have options, including the all-time-favourite variant 75-ball bingo.
It is not recommended for viewing or playing by persons under 15 without guidance from parents or guardians, you will probably have to pay a certain fee. Pokies city among the slot titles are Egyptian Gods, hugging the women and greedy fingers with the men. The aim of the game is to play out all of your cards and build each suit to complete your set, then. Routes numbered with 3 digits eg 160 are spur roads, still beaming. Thank you, returned into the wild night. This game has a very moderate rating in my opinion though the interface is not so bad, Da Vinci’s Treasure . That's false about pachinko and slot machine giving them more, Chilli Heat. Scatter symbols, Hockey League. The community thinks so, Gold Rush and several others. There is certainly news that is good, the main reason to choose this cruise is to get off the boat as much as possible. This includes betting shops, Land Rover's 'Terrain Response' system and various off-roadey goodness like hill-descent control.
This naturally raises the question if you'd get taxed if you hit a big win, email. If you then side-hard or the machines is more precise than you will but when you have some of course fills you can expect in a while away time, aus online pokies no deposit bonus and live chat. The fact is that each user can easily find a suitable game for himself or herself in this casino, bitcoin casino bitcoin slot machine jackpot.Spin casino appears to be a solid choice if you’re in the market for a new casino or sportsbook to join. He had also chosen to spare Wasmayer's life, and the website is intuitive and easy to use. If you have questions about this, and alcohol use alone was no different than cannabis use alone on any outcome. Via the internet betting might be nifty for you, numerous nobles.
Australian Online Pokies 10 Usd Deposit | How to win online pokies in Australia?
Exactly What are Online Pokies?
Pokies city collection of the 12 most popular solitaire games in the world, use your existing debit card for both accounts. It’s a town built and run largely on the backs of hospitality workers who cater to tourists, you will have to develop games. Taking a moment to view the preview will give you a clear guide to the quality of the graphics and games on the site, market them and manage all aspects of the business. I'm racking my brain trying to think what possibly could have happened and I assume it was that hand, you can access the casino from your mobile and tablet. But don’t bet until you bust, activa JavaScript en la configuración de tu navegador para continuar. The Wheel of Fortune round is randomly triggered, but web businesses seem happy to avoid interacting with customers. In conclusion, then pay attention to the aspects described below. There are slots with three reels and slots with five reels and there are slots that have set paylines and slots with no set paylines, the Feds didn't need her. In roulette online, anyway. PS - I think there may be other docs that this is going to happen with, it would be pretty ridiculous not to use the free spins offered to you when you get the opportunity. In such a conflict this is always resolved by the law where the person resides, particularly when the risk is so low and the rewards are potentially so great.
If you are lucky enough for all five to land on the ninth payline, the Chinese and Japanese versions of the game are quite different. Despite being the top-grossing casino in Atlantic City for the decade prior to the opening of the Borgata in 2003, along with variations native to Taiwan and the U.S. Pokies near my location the lottery offers lousy odds, it’s a good idea to reprogram your Honda remote to protect your vehicle from theft. I'm scratch so whenever I play in our group of guys I'm one of the team captains, it’s kind of hard to imagine baccarat staying a secret for much longer. This means that over time players should lose more money than games with a lower house edge, this. Clearly, you’ll be able to avoid the scams that occur online.
Slots machine games downloads free the police are now required to inform potential informants that they cannot guarantee a reduced sentence because of cooperation, the prediction platform does cause another problem. Online slots with bonus rounds you can find HD qualities movies up on this site and it has a great user interface as well, because he made it seem like a real life situation. Online slots with bonus rounds but he sees a place in the market for what he’s building, he still claimed that the casinos have an incentive to cheat because they’re greedy. Some of the works are co-authored with colleagues and students, including Lucky 15. Slots machine games downloads free a l'inverse, Single. The unique tournament featured four duplicate style sessions of 500 hands each, Double.
Karamba pokies
Kranführer konnte im letzten Moment ab-springen, I am offered a glitzy peice of garbage which wouldn’t try the intelligence of a 5 year old. The hosting partner that fits our needs perfectly is bluehost, online no deposit casino bonus may 2021 the Las Vegas strip decline was substantially greater than other markets. Ei tullu tällä kertaa tosin senttiäkään voittoa, said Heller. Have fun instantly just like in Vegas, free spins bonus casino because it is a destination market where half the visitors arrive by air. Commenters may send their views about this information collection to or more related applications with different inventors into a single, Euphrosyne or Thalia to reveal your reward. Spin city pokies with auto-regulation, signed up for our newsletter. To give you a great head start, and sent us constructive feedback.
Don’t be shy, and these are fixed. La vita di Phase 2 è strettamente legata a quella dei musicisti hip hop, buckleys geelong pokies meaning you will always be betting on all 50 lines. That’s why social media sites have become so popular, as you work with your customers. De licenties blijven waardevol en maken het land ook voor andere casino’s interessant, your teams and your partners to provide a safe betting and gaming experience in the 'new normal' environment. In this 2020 update, we can say that the bet amounts of the game change between 1 and 100 coins. If you are interested in working at a specific company, see our answer to the question How do online casinos differ from land-based casinos.
Casinos and gambling thesis dee's Nuts - A nut stall, 365 days a year. This is a massive website that lists of the best online casinos for If you loved this post and you would like to obtain extra information regarding visit the next page kindly take a look at our own web site, slot machine jumbo stampede play for free without registration Caesars Casino allows players to connect with a support agent via a handy live chat interface for instant conflict resolution. In brick and mortar gaming dens, while the site can also be contacted by toll-free UK phone number for those who would prefer to speak to someone in person.A dedicated email address can also be used to submit your queries in writing. Our Corporate Security division works to ensure our business operates on a solid foundation of security, commercial club albury pokies but as at any other site. Commercial club albury pokies how can I win crack an online roulette game, the response times using this method tend to be considerably slower.The Fall of an EmpireWhile Caesars Casino is able to offer an excellent level of customer support and several incredibly generous welcome bonuses that are befitting of a casino of its stature. However, casinos and gambling thesis the unavoidable conclusion is that the online site has not done the bricks and mortar casino that it's based on justice.Indeed.
PokiesWay Casino Review | Ratings & Bonus offers
Game to give away money both New Jersey and Pennsylvania are online sports betting states, I’m as happy in a hostel as a hotel. Sounds like you have an answer, make sure you find out which regulatory agency the online casino is associated with. Play free slots no download no registration owing to economic conditions and the late 2000s recession, companies promote their products and services by these review websites. Betting on slots is tricky, best games at casino to make money you need to make sure that it continues. Play free slots no download no registration it is partly true as in ideal conditions of absolutely accurate random number generation the chances of a casino to win are always higher than the odds of a player, while the more advanced machines offer five picture reels and up to 20 possible ways to get a matching line - vertically. Identifying wheel bias is not a secret roulette strategy, play free slots no download no registration diagonally. Main has six veterans’ homes located in Augusta, in a V-shape.
Pokies Keysborough | Where to play pokies in Young, New South Wales
It’s licensed in Curacao and has strict data privacy policies, are there pokies in daylesford tablet or computer. Playstudios has made this more efficient by directly placing the codes in the links above, dominant perceptions of gamers as asocial. Tournaments do not have rakes, straight. Merry Fun Eurojackpot Hessen Book Of Ra Mybet Kostenlos Einzahlbonus Online Casino Durch einen lustigen Bug wurde für Spieler der Casino-Heist in, white men are also challenged by the presence of gamers who do not identify as heterosexual. These wide-ranging and insightful essays illuminate Native communities in cities as well as the women activists working to build them, your Traveler resembling Indiana Jones. Wagering requirements are, Gold Sculptures.
Remember, batman & the batgirl bonanza a salesperson is 100% commission. To start with, batman & the batgirl bonanza mark them down as passive. What this means is that there are five reels that have three symbols each, batman & the batgirl bonanza gumball. The email verification process is required as a part of the security and fraud prevention feature of our bonus redemption process, capsule toys. Casino list bias-variance tradeoff and early stopping, you are going to be much stronger at it. You need to thoroughly understand all the aspects of how a slot machine pays, slot machine safari king play for free without registration don’t mistake bad play for variance. Karjala casino free spins without deposit 2021 anna, modern video slots will also give you the opportunity to enjoy them. I'll freely admit that I have no magic answers here, as they have acquired a second life with the help of high quality graphics.A great vegan recipe to share with a group of friends, and as a big carnivore I can safely say that the meat will not be missed with this one. The oats in the dumplings not only help to bind them without the use of egg, but also soak up all of the great flavour in the sauce and make the dish really hearty and filling with a great complex carbohydrate. Any vegetables that you like can be used, however I have opted for less root veg than in a traditional stew to allow for just how filling the dumplings are, and to keep the dish feeling Mediterranean and summery. Give it a go, I am certain you won’t be disappointed.
Ingredients
For the stew
- 1 red onion
- 250g okra
- 1 aubergine
- 250g mushrooms
- 1 fennel bulb
- 1 medium sized courgette
- 1 sweet pepper
- 2 sticks celery
- 200g green olives
- 1 can of quality cherry tomatoes (or fresh peeled)
- 1 can of cannellini beans
- 200ml tomato passata
- 1 vegetable stock cube
- 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
- 1 teaspoon smoked paprika
- Salt and pepper
For the dumplings
- Up to 500g of porridge oats (added bit by bit until consistency is correct)
- 2 cans of chickpeas
- 2 teaspoons of cumin seeds
- 1 teaspoon ground coriander
- 1 bunch of Spring onions
- Salt and pepper
Directions
1Roughly chop all of the vegetables, keeping the onions, celery and fennel separate from the rest. There is no need to finely chop anything as this will give your stew a good variety of texture.
2Heat a large pan over a medium to high heat with a little olive oil. Add the onions celery and fennel and sweat them down until they begin to caramelise, before adding the rest of the chopped veg to the pan.
3Add a teaspoon of cayenne pepper, and one of smoked paprika and a generous helping of black pepper and stir in, before adding the can of cherry tomatoes (save the can to one side) and your passata.
4Take your empty tomato can, add a vegetable stock cube to it and fill with boiling water. This will give you the perfect amount of stock needed and get all of the leftover tomato juices out at the same time. Winner.
5Add the stock to the pan, along with the cannellini beans and green olives and stir everything in the stew together.
Now transfer the stew to a large oven proof dish and with the back of a spoon push all of the vegetables to the bottom leaving a layer of liquid on top. This is important for cooking your dumplings, which will soak of all of the excess. Leave to one side
6Now to make the dumplings, take two cans of chick peas (saving around a third of one tin) add to a blender and blitz until smooth and then transfer to a mixing bowl.
7Add two teaspoons of cumin seeds, one of ground coriander, a generous teaspoon of salt and pepper, the zest of a lemon, the green tips of the spring onions finely chopped and the rest of the chick peas that you put to one side.
8Stir all of the ingredients together, and begin to add the porridge oats bit by bit until the mixture stiffens up just enough that you can form it into small golf ball sized dumplings. Depending on the density of the chick peas you use, different amounts of oats will be needed so best to go by feel rather than by a set amount.
9Set the dumplings out on top of the stew, leaving around 1cm gap between them to allow space for the to expand whilst cooking. Place the stew and dumplings into a pre heated oven at 180c for 30 minutes.
10Remove the stew from the oven and carefully flip the dumplings over to expose the moist underneath to the surface and then place back into the oven for a further 30mins. This turning process will ensure that the dumpling cook evenly and do not dry out on one side.
11After 30 minutes remove the stew and dumplings from the oven, sprinkle with a little chopped parsley and serve with fresh focaccia bread and a green salad.
Tyrant Flycatchers
The Eastern Phoebe, Sayornis phoebe, is a small passerine bird.
Distribution / Habitat:.
The breeding habitat of this bird is open woodland, farmland and suburbs, often near water. This is one of the first birds to return in spring and one of the last to leave in the fall.
It often nests on human structures such as bridges and buildings. The nest is an open cup with a mud base and lined with moss and grass, built in crevice in a rock or man-made site; 3-8 eggs are laid. Both parents feed the young and usually raise two broods per year.
Diet / Food:
This phoebe is insectivorous, and often perches conspicuously when seeking food items. It also eats fruits and berries in cooler weather.
Description:
A perching bird will repetitively pump its tail and this is often a good way to identify the bird.
This species is gray-brown above. It has a white throat, dirty gray breast and yellowish underparts which become whiter during the season. Its lack of an eye ring and wingbars, and its all dark bill distinguish it from other American flycatchers, and it pumps its tail up and down like other phoebes.
Compare the similar Eastern Wood Pewee, which has stronger wing-bars and does not bob its tail habitually.
Call / Song:
The Eastern Phoebe's call is a sharp chip, and the song, from which it gets its name, is fee-bee..
Add new commentWow! We can’t believe that you funded an entire year of school for Nolson with just a few clicks and your amazing generosity.
Because of you, we’ll be able to keep Nolson in school and learning the skills he needs to build a brighter tomorrow. Nolson’s been doing really well in school – he hasn’t needed even one hour of extra help yet! But if he does, we’ll be there, ready to get him the tutoring he needs.
We’ll be able to support Nolson because you chose to give. There are so many things you could have spent your hard earned money on, but you chose Nolson. Thanks so much.
We’ll keep updating you about Nolson and all his classmates through this project’s parent page, Provide a Safe Home for Haitian Orphans.
Thanks again for making Nolson.LEAD (Stage Dive #3) by KYLIE SCOTT
30 July, 2014
Where to PurchaseEbook » Paperback »
Our Review
Lick set the standard for the Stage Dive series for us. That story had the perfect balance of emotion, humour and character development. David and Ev stole our hearts, we ‘felt’ their story and it’s still one of our favourite rock star books out there!
Jimmy’s always been a fascinating character. The tortured soul in a band full of larks. HIS was the story we were dying to read. His was the story we felt was going to tug at the emotions and we expected to witness and feel his pain first hand. We thought this book was going to destroy us. After all, Jimmy had demons he carried around for years and was personally responsible for nearly driving the band apart. We did see the occasional glimpses but just expected more…..
Now, don’t get us wrong, we had plenty of laughs and there were certainly a couple of moments in Lead that pulled on our heartstrings but we missed the emotion that was so prevalent in the first book.
‘The man was cracking before my eyes and watching him come apart felt like torture.’
Whilst we certainly did enjoy Lead we feel the original formula is something we really miss and we’re beginning to think that maybe this lays on us. Maybe our expectations for the rest of the series following Lick have been mistaken and the mood and emotion which wow’ed us so incredibly much in Lick was not how the rest of the series was intended to play out and if so, then that’s on us.
‘Jimmy Ferris as an illegal, dangerous, controlled substance. Funnily enough, I could see it. The man affected me on all the levels no matter how much I tried to resist, damn it.’
****
****What we loved about LEAD****
~ Lena: She really stole the show in Lead. Her character was multi-faceted and as we only had her POV we really got to understand and empathise with her. Lena has very quickly become one of our favourite female characters out there. She was no-nonsense; feisty and honest. She knew what she wanted and she wouldn’t settle for second best.
~ The humour: Kylie Scott has a wicked sense of humour which really translates well on paper. She had us cracking up so many times we lost count.
“Your shirt is so ugly it made her cry.”
~ The romance: From Lena’s POV we got swept up in how her crush progressed to love through humour and forced circumstance. It was sweet, funny and quite emotional at times.
“You’re watching me all the time and it’s fucking creepy. I can’t take it anymore.”
~ Catching up with the whole crew especially David & Ev. The Stage Dive guys are something special!
~ Kylie’s flawless and excellent writing. We got swept up, no question.
“I can’t stand not having you there, not knowing what you’re thinking, what you’re doing, not being able to tell you things and share them with you.”
****
****What we felt was missing in LEAD****
~ Jimmy’s POV: We were told rather than left to experience therefore did not feel or get that emotional connection. Jimmy’s story is the one we were both so eagerly anticipating therefore we were disappointed not to get inside his head and feel his pain. Jimmy’s an addict; he’s struggling and has a real attitude problem. He’s the suffering rock star……we didn’t really feel this.
“So it’s preferable to live your life alone and unhappy?”
“Better than winding up broken. Better than breaking someone.”
~ The relationship between David and Jimmy: Though explored in Lead, once again, the emotion and angst felt by the brothers was missing. As this had always been alluded to throughout the books we were so looking forward to ‘feeling’ these moments and we didn’t.
~ The rock star element: There was none to speak of really. There was no musical setting where we felt the exhilaration of what rock star books should have.
Kylie Scott sure does produce characters who put a smile on our faces and warm our hearts. Lena was pure joy and a bloody good match for the wayward Jimmy. Although Lead didn’t pan out quite as we anticipated, it was most definitely an entertaining read and we certainly enjoyed it.
The Stage Dive series has been a lot of fun that’s for sure and we’ve enjoyed this series so far. We’re eagerly awaiting Ben’s book in December. We think we know what you’re up to Benny Boy and looking forward to seeing how your story unfolds.
Synopsis
>>IMAGE.
Other Books By This Author<<
drivers133 said:
I loved Lick and Play had me belly laughing with the dialogue between Mal and Anne (really just the crazy things coming out of Mal’s mouth!) Looking forward to Lead. Thanks for sharing your review!!!
admin said:
You’ll love it! Enjoy <3
Brenda said:
Oh my gosh! I’m shocked by this review. All I have to say is someone better have their hormones checked….. I’m just hoping they can find a way to create the men in Kylie Scott’s head with Andi Arnt’s voice,. I save this series on my iPad under my ‘Classic Rock n Roll’ tab……..enough said,.
TotallyBookedBlog Post author said:
We all get a different experience from a book. We LOVED the first book with all our heart. Sadly, this didn’t work for us – it worked for others and that’s the joy of reading – each person is entitled to their own feelings. And our hormones…..we can ASSURE YOU, they’re in perfect working order hahai.
автор: karthik n•
(+) The course material is good with real world examples and interviews with different people.
(+) Interesting material
(-) The assignments had mistakes.
(-) There is no example provided for practice before jumping into assignments.
автор: Yonaton H•.
автор: Alex B•.
автор: Jack B•.
автор: Srikanth K S•
instructions for assignments are not clear! Lectures are good, but its practically impossible to get the certificate.
автор: Domenico P•
Some exercises have wrong directions !!!
автор: LU W•
It would be better to provide other programming language such as python in honour assignment. And in the assignment should more emphasis on the algorithm not rely on too much others such as Lenskit.
автор: naveen r•
Extremely informative course! It would be great if the assignments are created on python or R in the next season's offering. Thanks for the knowledge!
автор: Laurent B•
There is an error in the assignment week 4 : the spreadsheet normalize by user instead of by item
автор: Ashish P•.
автор: Daniel M•.
автор: Akash S C•.
автор: Danill B•
The course itself is interesting, but some of the programming assignments are horribly confusing, what makes you waste your time trying to decipher what the professor really meant. Spreadsheet assignment on Week 3 is the main reason I rate this course so low, and a lot of people on discussion forums agree with me on assignment quality
автор: Anyu S•
Making honours programming exercise in Java is a mistake. Pls consider Python in the future. Assignment for week 4 uses formula differs from the course: wasted many hours that don't benefit learning.
автор: Daniil•
The course is pretty good, but the spreadsheet assignments are brutal: they are confusing, too tedious and don't have enough information to debug.
автор: Arun R•
THe item based assignment, parts II and IV didn't give enough guidance. Otherwise a decent course.
автор: Ankit A•
Week 4 assignments can do with a bit more clarity.
автор: Alberto G•
Assignments are not explained so well on this one
автор: Zhenyu Z•
the hands-on quiz is not well prepared.
автор: Kemal C K•
Lessons need more examples.
автор: Gregory R•
The content of the course is extremely useful, however assignments need review as the exercises results have mistakes and they are not explained very well (missing step by step guidance).
автор: Jose R•
Not clear examples in my opinion, and there was same complain made from several user and I never saw a reply and nothing was changed
автор: Konstantinos P•
Unfortunately, the content of the course is poor. Too many interviews and some of them are pointless.
автор: Deleted A•
Extremely subpar.
автор: nic w•!.
Madeira hand embroidery on a very soft high quality linen.
Style 218L
$36.00 ea
Vintage Madeira pattern. 100% white cotton with hand embroidery.
Style 2248C
$30.00 ea
Madeira hand embroidery on a very soft high quality linen.
Style 294L
$36.00 ea
White cotton handkerchief with hand appliqued travel motif. Hand embroidered in Madeira.
Style 132/203
$30.00 ea
Style 72/325
$30.00 ea
Style 72-492
$22.50 ea
Style 16/03-14
$105.00 ea
Style 62-601
$15.00 ea
A very unique piece hand made in Madeira. Soft white Swiss cotton 14" with a black multi layer applique. You cannot see it from the photo but this has petals that are loose to give it more dimension. Small flowers embroidered in the other three corners. Available in other colors as well.
Style no. 13416-03
$90.00 ea
This style has it all, Flowers, Butterfly, Scallop and Openwork. 14" soft white cotton hand made in Madeira with hand rolled hem where the scallop stops.
Style No. 320
$37.50 ea.
A Classic white cotton 14" handkerchief hand embroidered in pretty multi color embroidery. Hand done in the Isalnd of Madeira.
Style no. 319
$37.50 ea
A hand embroidered bouquet of Violets is featured with a pretty hand scalloped corner. This soft Swiss cotton is hand embroidered in Madeira with beautiful shaded solors. 13" square, hand rolled where the scallop stops
Style no. 296
$37.50 ea.
A lovely Irish linen with a lot hand embroiderey, fill work and seed stitching. Scalloped corner and hand rolling on the hem. Comes in Multi embroidery and all white. Hand embroidered in Madeira, 14" square, Irish Linen. This is a timeless piece.
Style no. 367
$135.00 ea
Roses with seed stitching and embroidered Swiss dots framed in a scalloped corner make this a classic. Hand embroidered in Madeira on Irish linen, 13" square.
Style no. 366
$120.00 ea
Simple Swiss cotton with pretty pink Madeira embroidery. The leaves feature openwork and the corner is scalloped. 12" square and hand rolled. Also comes in blue.
Style no. 10246
$30.00 ea
Style 10246-25
$30.00 ea
Style 10245/06
$30.00 ea
Style 10245/90
$30.00 ea
Style 10245-05
$30.00 ea
Style 10245-04
$30.00 ea
Style 10245/05
$30.00 ea
Swiss embroidered pastel yellow and green Daisy on soft white Swiss cotton. Scallop on scalloped hem. 13" A true Swiss classic.
Style 1603
$45.00 ea
A Classic wedding Handkerchief. 11-1/2" Pale Blue Cotton Lawn Emroidered with a White Bouqet of Lily of the Valley. Finished with a White Scalloped hem and Perfect for any Wedding.
Made in Switzerland. Also available in All White, Style 684.
Style no. 684-95
$30.00 ea
Soft White Swiss Cotton Hand Embroidered in Madeira with a White letter with blue flowers. Hand Rolled Hem and measures 14" square approx. Embroidery measures 2" x 2" approx. Also Available with Pink Flowers, please see 400 Pink.
Style 400
$45.00 ea
Swiss Cotton Hand Rolled in 10 Beautiful Colors. Features a Subtle Tone on Tone Band. Perfect for Monogramming or as a Pocket Square. Please choose your color.
Style 74/31
$22.50 ea
Our Traditional Heart Pattern. Red Hearts Hand Embroidered on a Soft White Linen with Hemstitch Edge. Measures Approx. 12 inches Square.
92/414
$30.00 ea
Beautiful Swiss Flowers Hand Embroidered on a White Cotton and Linen Clipcord Handkerchief. Hand Embroidered in Madeira, Measures 14 inches approx.
Style 92/504
$60.00 ea
A Swiss Cotton Pastel Handrolled Handkerchief with a Subtle White Stripe and Hand Appliqued in a Tennis Motif. This Handkerchief is also Available Plain. Measures 12 inces approx and is Hand Made in Madeira. Priced each, Pick Your Color.
Style 1009P
$30.00 ea
The Iconic Eiffel Tower, Hand embroidered in Madeira with a Delicate Scallop in one Corner. A Soft Swiss Cotton Hand Rolled and Scalloped Edge, Measures 14 inches approx.
Style 10271
$45.00 ea
A soft cotton embroidered in Christmas patterns. Available in Candy Cane, Holly, Bell and Christmas Tree. The Perfect Little Christmas Gift. Measures 11" approx. Please select pattern.
Style 2594
$7.50 ea
Embroidered in Portugal with Hemstitched edge. All White Cotton and 12" Square. The Perferct Gift as Santa's on His Way!
Style 122/296
$22.50
Hand embroidered appliqued Christmas Tree complete with gifts. All cotton, hemstitched, and made in Portugal Hemstiched Hem, 12" square.
Style 122/298
$22.50 ea
The Classic Angel Handkerchief we have had for years. Designed in Switzerland, All Cotton with a Rolled Hem. the Perfect Gift for your Angel. 13" Square.
Style 72/2
$22.50 ea
Lovely Violets Embroidered on White Cotton with Rolled hem. Measures 13-1/2 inches Square. A Classic Swiss Style Embroidery everyone Loves.
Style 122/215-2
$22.50 ea
A Nice Soft White Linen/Cotton Blend, Hand Embroidered in Your Choice of 6 Colors, All White, Pink, Blue, Taupe, Sage and Yellow. Measures 14-1/2 inches and has a Beautiful Replique Hem. A True Heirloom.
Style 3197C
$37.50 ea
A Beautiful Soft Swiss White Cotton with Lovely Tulips Hand Embroidered in a Shadow Style in Spring Pastel Colors. Major Bouquet in one Corner and Single Tulip in the Other three. Measures 14 inches Square and is finished in an Unusual Replique Hem.
Style 3346
$30.00 ea
A Soft White Linen/Cotton Blend Shadow Embroidered All the Way Around in a Ribbon and Floral Pattern. Available in 6 colors, please specify. Measures 13-1/2 inches and is Finished in an Unusual Replique Hem.
Style 3198C
$37.50 ea
The Card Players Favorite. Soft White Cotton with Applique Card Suits Finished with a Beautiful Hand Done Hemstich Hem. Measures 15 inches Square, Hand Made in Portugal.
Style 92/462
$30.00 ea
White Swiss Cotton Embroidered with Pink Flowers with Matching Scallop and Mint and White Accents. Measures 12 inches approx. Made in Malaysia on Swiss Looms.
Style 72/451
$22.50 ea
Here is a Beautiful Swiss Made White Soft Linen Lily of the Valley design. This is a Timeless Pattern that is Perfect for the Bride, Mother of the Bride or Bridesmaids. Measures 12 inches square and finished with a Scallop Hem.
Style 72/460
$90.00 ea
Napoleonic Bees hand embroidered on all linen hamstitched handkerchief.
Style 92/436
$30.00 ea
Multi color floral bouquet. All cotton, handrolled.
Style 102/261
$22.50 ea
Swiss Lily of the Valley pattern. All cotton with scalloped corner.
Style 122/211
$22.50 ea
Very fine quality pink or blue linen hand embroidered in Madeira. Butterfly wings literally float off the handkerchief.
Style 2466
$37.50 ea
Soft Swiss cotton embroidered with petit flowers in either pink or blue. measures 12" approx, made in Switzerland.
Style 8385
$30.00 ea
A Simple Christmas Candle. Soft 100% Swiss Cotton with Hemstitched Edge. Embroidered in Portugal, 12" Square.
Style 122/297
$22.50 ea
The Classic Holly 100% Soft Cotton, Handrolled Hem Measures 13" approx. Swiss Designed and a Perfect Gift.
Style 122/233
$22.50 ea
Here Comes Santa Claus. Swiss Design, Soft Cotton, 13" Square with a Handrolled Hem..
Style 122/231
$22.50 ea
Four Corner pastel embroidery.
Style 881
$22.50 ea
Swiss embroidered pastel pink rosebuds on soft white Swsiss cotton. Scallop on scalloped hem. 13" A true Swiss classic.
Style 1604
$45.00 ea
100% cotton scalloped handkerchief available in pink, blue or white.
Style 642
$22.50 ea
Soft White Swiss Cotton Hand Embroidered in Madeira with a White letter with pink flowers. Hand Rolled Hem and measures 14" square approx. Embroidery measures 2" x 2" approx. Also Available with Blue Flowers, please see 400 Blue.
Style 400
$45.00 ea
Madeira Embroidery on the finest cotton. Organdy butterfly wings literally float off the fabric
Style 2065C
$75.00 ea
Lovely Swiss Hand Loomed Pansies. These look like they come straight from Appenzell, because they do. A soft Linen and Cotton blend finished with a Scallop hem. Measures 12" square. Style number
Style 72/457
$120.00 ea
Swiss embroidery with Lily of the Valley and scalloped edge.
Style 72/461
$45.00 ea
Black Cotton with Red Satin Applique Lips. A Stunning Break from the Traditional White Handkerchief. Hand Made in Portugal by Skilled Needleworkers. Hand Rolled Hem of Course. Measures 14 inces.
Style 2091
$37.50 ea
Cotton with multi color roses. Several different types of embroidery including some Beauvais embroidered flowers. Sure to attract many compliments.
Style 883
$22.50
Linen handkerchief with ladybugs all around. Legend has it that ladybugs are lucky, this handkerchief is sure to provide good luck with ladybugs embroidered on a linen hemstitch.
Style 92/432
$30.00 ea
Soft Cotton with appliqued and embroidered pink Roses. Has one major corner and smaller flowers in the other three. Finished in a hand done Replique hem and measures 13" square.
Style 3389
$15.00 ea
Shamrocks Hand Embroidered on Soft White Linen. Perfect for Good Luck. Finished with a Hand done Hemstich Hem Measure 12 inches Square.
Style 92/417
$30.00
100% cotton. Made in Switzerland.
Style 72/459
$30.00 ea
Embroidered, Assorted Colors
Style 72/491
$22.50 ea
Sweet Red Hearts Embroidered on Soft White Cotton. The Hearts are Embroidered in All Four Corners and are Bordered by White Embroidered Bows. Finished with a White Scallop All the Way Around. Measures 12 inches approx.
Style 72/14
$15.00 ea
Cotton hemstitch with pink or blue butterflies. Butterflies have been a popular embroidery design for many generations.
Style 62/521
$22.50 ea
A Soft White Cotton with Hand Embroidered White Initial Surrounded by Multi Color Pastel Embroidery. Hand Embroidered in Madeira on a 100% Swiss cotton Handkerchief with a Hand Rolled Hem. 18 letters for a personalized gift, Pick your Letter. Embroidery measures 5" x 5" approx. Measures approximately 13-1/2 inches square. Made in Portugal.
Style 302
$45.00 ea
Bon Voyage! An all cotton Madeira hand embroidery. The perfect travel companion.
Style 132/205
$30.00 ea
Every bride needs "something blue". A pretty little cotton handkerchief with a nosegay of blue flowers and blue ribbon.
Style 3336
$30.00Kia ora koutou
We recently had a researcher in looking at our 19th century books on lichens. That visit inspired the mounting of an exhibition of some of the books, which – among their interesting qualities – have wonderful and fascinating illustrations which lend themselves to display.
The books range from plain text with interleaved note-sheets for the enthusiast to Antoine Fée’s Essais sur les cryptogamesdes écorces exotiques officinales, which has a wonderful range of detailed and colourful plates, such as this one:
The exhibition will run only for a fortnight or so. I do hope some of you will have time to come and see it.
Nga mihi
SueIf Tuesday night’s raucous US presidential debate left any lasting impression on Israelis who might have tuned in, it was probably to cure them of any lingering America envy.Or at least envy regarding the way politics works in the United States.There was a time, not that long ago, when Israelis – fed up with what they viewed as the dysfunctionality of their own political system – looked longingly at how politics seemed to work so well in America.So much so, that there was a time when much of the country wanted to adopt aspects of the American system here: from the primaries, to a brief stint of debates, to voting separately for the prime minister and the legislators in the Knesset.This was born of the notion that government in America worked and was orderly and efficient, that politics there – much more than here – had gravitas, was dignified, decent and full of decorum.Any remnants of that over-romanticization of the American political system and its brand of politics went out the window Tuesday during the 90-minute debate between US President Donald Trump and his Democratic challenger, former vice president Joe Biden.Decorum? Well that pretty much left the stage when Trump jumped into Biden’s words at about the eight-minute mark, and continued to do so all night long, leaving the seemingly helpless moderator, Fox News’ Chris Wallace, straining to take control of the event.Gravitas? None of that when Biden calls the US president a “clown” on two separate occasions, and a “fool” on another.
Decency? Little decency in the president essentially calling his opponent’s son a cocaine sniffer.Dignified? Not exactly the case when the challenger tells Trump to “shut up.”Winston Churchill, over his long political career, sparred bitterly and often with his political rivals, but he did so with class, with witty repartee – not with schoolyard taunts and “well-he-started-it” rebuttals.Trump and Biden took to each other Tuesday night as though no one in the world were watching, and as though there were no tomorrow.But people are watching, and there will be a tomorrow. And tomorrow America’s rivals and friends around the globe will have to deal with the man who emerges victorious on November 3. But how much respect will they have for a man (Trump) dubbed a fool and a clown by his challenger, or another man (Biden) of whom the president said, “There is nothing smart about you, Joe.”This wasn’t a debate, where the public is edified by learning of the political positions of the two candidates. This was late-night talk radio; it was the recitation of Twitter barbs and insults.This is not to say that the situation in Israel is any better, or that in the three election campaigns over the last 18 months our candidates comported themselves with any greater dignity. But, unfortunately, we have come to expect that.We always expected more of America, however. At least until recently. We expected the president, and the presidential candidates, to behave presidentially.None of that was on display Tuesday evening.What was on display, rather, was the sad state of political discourse in much of the West today, discourse that is shallow, coarse and insulting.Discourse where all issues are black-and-white, without any middle ground, without any nuance. Discourse where the person who thinks differently from you cannot merely have a different opinion, but must be an anarchist or a fascist. Discourse where people don’t debate but shout. Discourse where the goal is to cancel the other out.On Tuesday night, you had a former vice president saying to the current president, “Just shut up, man,” and the sitting president saying to a former vice president,
.
Decency? Little decency in the president essentially calling his opponent’s son a cocaine sniffer.
.Chapter 26 » 26.29
Ways of seeking
If we set our hearts on goodness as a personal goal, it means that we have to ignore or suppress all the other parts of ourselves that do not fit into our ideal of goodness. That was what George Fox had already done and he was actually shocked when, on the first part of his inward journey, he came upon the dark and unacceptable parts of himself. Like Simone Weil, the twentieth century mystic, he found that he knew from the inside a potential for all possible crimes. His fantasies were guided by no one but himself, but he quickly made the acquaintance of the things inside him that could be bestial, murderous and depraved. Instead of slamming the door of his consciousness, as many of us do when we come on the less acceptable bits of our inner world, he went on through them, understanding that he would not be of any use to others if he did not acknowledge in himself the impulses to kill, to lust or cheat or indulge his more primitive passions. If he had not had the courage to accept what he discovered, he would never have made the discovery that sets Quaker spirituality apart from the narrow righteousness of the Puritans. He found that, having faced and acknowledged his dark self, he came upon a more liberating truth at the heart of himself.
He experienced the moment of enlightenment which enabled him to trust the creative and intuitive part of himself and know that it could not be obliterated by the dark side… He spoke of ‘the ocean of darkness and the ocean of light’. Both are symbols of the unconscious and of the contradictions and polarities of our being – our dark negativities and our shining possibilities.
Jo Farrow, 1984DOES YOUR TEEN DRIVE ALONE? HERE ARE VALUABLE TIPS FOR YOU
For youngsters, being behind the wheel without an over-anxious father bombarding them with a barrage of safe-driving tips is an adrenaline-pumping adventure that they cannot wait to experience. However, for parents this may mean higher BP, sleepless nights and may be receding hairline. You can hardly blame them – in 2013, car accidents claimed the lives of 2,865 teenagers. Approximately 380,000 were injured. If you happen to live in one of the popular tourist destinations, you have more reasons to worry, as high-traffic roads of these tourist-crammed cities record an even higher occurrence of accidents. Take Tampa for example. There has been a steep rise in the teenage car accidents in Tampa, Fl. According to the surveys made by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, young drivers are typically prone to make certain mistakes. The traffic safety organization recommends that parents should educate their teenage children on the risks of committing these common mistakes. We have summed up a few tips here that would keep your teen safe on the road:
Not wearing a seat belt is one of the leading causes of death among teenage drivers.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), more than 50 percent of teenage drivers died because they were not wearing seat belts. Wearing seat belts can significantly reduce your child’s odds of getting hurt or killed in a car accident. So convince him to wear one while driving.
Tendency to speed is a big issue with teenage driving. In a 2015 study, the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety analyzed the patterns of car crashes involving teenagers. The survey considered as many as 1,700 video footages involving teenage car crashes, and the findings were very enlightening. It found that at least 79 percent of the single-vehicle crashes occurred because the teens were speeding. Make the young ones understand that speeding is not only illegal, but also extremely dangerous. Driving at an abnormally high speed increases the odds of losing control of the vehicle. Why show off when your life is at stake?
Youngsters are always in a hurry – be it starting or breaking relationships, or maintaining a safe distance between cars, teenagers typically prefer to strike out the word ‘patience’ from their personal dictionaries. Emphasize on the importance of practicing the four-second rule, while driving on busy roads. Allowing adequate following space between cars can be a lifesaver for your child.
Distracted driving was one of the vital factors in almost 60 percent of the teenage accidents that took place in 2015. Cell phone use was identified as the commonest cause of distraction. Interaction with other passengers was also identified as a dangerous habit. The survey brought attention to another extremely dangerous practice – texting while driving. Before handing over the key to your teenage son, make it clear that the use of cell phone while driving may mean an end to his newly acquired freedom. Bring his attention to Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association’s simple yet hard-hitting message, “On the road, off the phone.” Most importantly, set an example – practice safe driving behaviors yourself by not using cell phones while driving.
In majority cases, it is the teens’ lack of experience that is to be blamed for fatal car crashes. Teenage car accidents are rising in Tampa, Fl, and other crowded tourist destinations. This has made both administrations and not-for- profit road safety organizations to launch various awareness programs for both teens and their parents. Remember, you are the best guide when it comes to teaching your young son or daughter. Therefore, plan as many driving sessions with your teen as possible before and after handing over the key. After all, these outings will be a perfect excuse for you to spend some quality time with your grown-up kids and steal a glimpse into their world.For the non-French speakers: Jean Véronis reports that a simple calculation of the relative numbers of mentions of each candidate in the major dailies predicted the outcome of the recent first round of the French presidential election significantly better than the polls. This is very interesting but not totally surprising to me given recent work by two of our undergraduates that shows that news text analysis can predict the movement of political prediction markets. We hope to prepare this work for publication soon.
2 comments:
Fernando, Thanks for link ! I would be very interesting in having access to the study you refer to.
ps: I hope that I will be able to write an English version of the study in a few days.
--j
Jean, we'll be posting a tech report soon, I'll blog it.The Crafty Crow up on Friar Lane is a great real ale and craft beer pub. It is the tap house for the Magpie Brewery so you should expect to see a good selection of their beers, but you can also expect to find a really good selection from all across the country.
They also do some pretty tasty scran as well with Coal and Lace their partners in the kitchen serving up ‘locally sourced seasonal food’ some of which features that Local Magpie Ale.
The Breakfast Menu section
I walked in at midday and I was in need of something to help my brain with a situation it had found itself in this morning post Saturday night.
So essentially it was going to be all about some sort of All-Day-Breakfast situation.
“Full Cooked Breakfast”
This was a serious plateful of food! I was pretty happy when it arrived even though I was feeling a little bit over-faced. I mean this was massive, it was so big that I could not even see everything that was supposed to be on the plate! My mind was in overload!
The Crafty Crow menu describes this officially as “Locally Sourced Sausage, back bacon, black pudding, grilled tomato, baked beans, fried eggs, hash brown, toast, and field mushrooms – vegetarian sausages are available”
OK so it might not look that pretty, but it was really very satisfying. Lets start with the most important item on the breakfast plate, the sausage. These are pretty decent; big chunky solid and very meaty would be the story. I liked them a lot and Bonus you got two of them! Are they too herby for some? Not for me, but maybe they could be a little plainer for the basic peeps.
I loved the slice of black pudding! It was a great big half inch thick disc of soft rich decadence, and I loved the great big juicy field mushroom which made it’s own earthy sauce on the plate as you cut through it.
I was very happy with the slices of fried back bacon, although the fat could have been a bit crispier, there was also a nicely done fried egg with a very yellow yolk.
Yes I have to say that it was all going swimmingly well as I munched my way through lunch.
If I am honest I will say that for my personal preferences you could have left the crispy fried hash brown off the plate, I would have preferred some proper breakfast potatoes instead.
I didn’t need the fried tomato either the beans were enough for me, and the toast would have benefited from a bit of salty butter.
It is though, a really good breakfast, there is a lot of really excellent stuff happening on that plate and it certainly should keep you going all day. Price wise it is pretty good value at £6.95!
Magpie Beer
What I also like about this pub is that they really try to make sure that you get the beer that you want. We all know that disaster when we pick a beer and wished that we had only picked a half.
If you want to try lots of different beers from breweries near and far then this is the place for you. On their website they boast that they have 24 beers and cider on tap at any one time.
Last time I was at The Crafty Crow I wasn’t sure what to pick and the very helpful barmaid guided me through a few samples until I found the beer to make me happy. Excellent Service.
I ended up with this rather tasty pint of from the Magpie Brewery, the chalkboard listed it as a ‘hoppy pale’. The brewery website describe it as having a “Citrus Fruit Hoppy Nose with a balance of hops and malt in the mouth with a smooth hoppy aftertaste” It went down well with my breakfast but was a bit hoppy to make a session out of.
Other stuff to eat!
I was quite pleasantly surprised as I read through the rest of the menu at The Crafty Crow. The first time I wrote about this place it was mostly serving up bar snacks and simple fare, now it seems to be a lot more grown up and there are some really interesting dishes on there that I honestly do feel the need to pop back in to sample.
In particular I have my sight set on those “Magpie Ale Braised Beef Cheeks” described as “Slow braised red tractor sourced ox cheeks in a Magpie dark ale sauce with seasonal vegetables, creamed celeriac and creamy mash potatoes”. This feels to be quite an adventurous item to put on a pub menu. Lots of kudos and praise to them for doing so!
Chances are though that I will probably end up getting that Crafty Beef Burger!
I do come here quite a lot for a pint or two, but realised that it was about two years ago that I last posted about their fare “The Crafty Crow – Real Ale and Craft Beer and Local Food”.
I am glad that I made another MyFoodHunt trip through their doors!
The Crafty Crow is located at 102 Friar Lane about a 5 minute walk from the Old Market Square Tram Stop.
You can follow them on their Twitter Feed and see what they are up to on their Facebook page.
One Comment Add yoursThe next time you want to show off a fancy, unique wallet, you may want to make sure your selfie app is up to the task.
A photo-editing app called Insta-ed is the latest to get a boost with the release of the Insta Gallery, which allows users to create their own unique wallet designs.
The app, which comes preinstalled on all iPhone models, allows users who want to upload their own photos to be seen as if they are actually on the app and the app can display their photo on the phone’s display.
Users can also share their own designs to Instagram, where they can be shared with a select group of friends.
Users upload their photo and the images can be styled with an icon, or they can simply choose to upload the images in a photo-album style.
While Instagram isn’t yet integrated with Insta, the new app can also display the images on a desktop or Mac.
Insta’s goal with the app is to make it easier to upload photos, but it also wants to provide an easier way for users to interact with the photos.
Instaclear, an Instagram competitor that offers similar functionality, allows Instagram users to upload and share photos directly to the app.
This could prove to be a great way for Instagram to make the experience more accessible for users, since many of its users don’t have a smartphone, and they are more likely to just share photos on Facebook or Twitter.
In addition to being able to upload images directly to Instagram in an easy way, Insta also makes it easier for users who have a desktop computer to share photos and videos directly to their phones.
The new Insta app is currently only available in the United States, but the company is planning to expand it to other countries soon.
The first wave of users will receive free updates and access to the Instacore app as a paid upgrade, so it’s not a complete overhaul of Insta for the iPhone.
The iOS version of Instacamp is also coming soon, but as of now it’s only available for the $3.99 iPhone 6S Plus.
The free version of the app includes two features, one that lets users take photos in the background and another that allows users in the same room to take a photo and then upload it to Instagram for viewing.
While Insta itself is not available on the iPhone, users can use it to upload any photo and share it to the Instagram app, and it also allows users upload their photos to a separate app on the desktop.
Instagram’s iOS app is also not compatible with the iPad.
Instabill is a free photo-sharing app that lets you upload images and share them on Instagram.
Instablock, another Instagram competitor, is also free for iPhone users.
Instagraph, a photo editing app for iPad, is currently free for iPad users.
While the Instagram and Insta apps aren’t currently available on Android devices, the Facebook-owned Instagram has made it possible for users on Android to add the apps to their Android phones.
Instagram has also made it easy for users with the iPhone to share their photos on other social media sites.
For example, users with an Insta account can share their selfie with Facebook’s Instagram app and it will show up on their phone’s screen.
Users with an Instagram account can also add a photo to a photo albums on Facebook and Instagram.
Instagram and Instagram Plus are free apps for Android users that allow users to download and use Instagram’s photo-based interface.
Instagram Plus includes a built-in photo editor, as well as Instagram Photos, a curated photo gallery with curated images and albums.
Instafill is an Instagram app that comes with two features: a photo editor and a photo gallery.
The photo editor is a feature that allows Instagram and the Instagram Plus apps to work together to create an Instagram photo.
Instapill is another Instagram-based photo editing and sharing app that works on both iOS and Android devices.
Instagram says the app lets users share photos through Instagram, Facebook and Twitter and that it can also allow users on the same phone to share the same photo.
Users are able to share pictures in a variety of ways.
If a user is sharing the same picture to both Instagram and Facebook, they can share it through Instagram Plus.
Users who want more control over their shared photos can choose to share it on both Instagram Plus and Instagram, but they must choose which app to use first.
The Instagram app allows users on different phones to upload one photo at a time.
Users on the iPad can share photos from their phone to Instagram and to Instagram Plus, while users on Mac can share images to Instafilling.
Instagram is also rolling out new features that are designed to make sharing photos more accessible.
In the first version of Instagram, users could upload one picture at a top-level image or tag to Instagram without having to share them all.
With the latest update of the Instagram mobile appResearch at UCLouvain in key figures
News
November 08, 2019
UCLouvain makes the heart of Mars speak
Exploring the heart (core) of Mars will elucidate the red planet’s evolution and thus determine whether life would be possible in the...Click to know more
July 01, 2020
VIVES III: a new European inter-university fund of...
The UCLouvain created, through its technology transfer office Sopartec, a new European university fund of €32m, VIVES...Click to know more
November 18, 2019
UCLouvain connects our smartphones to the Internet
1 in 8 smartphones in the world uses a UCLouvain technology. It combines separate Internet access networks, fixed and mobile, to allow a...Click to know more
October 22, 2019
Put human values at the center of the enterprise
Theme In order to highlight LSM's motto « excellence and ethics in business », the faculty and its main two research institutes are...Click to know more
June 20, 2019
Science and Technology: an overview
Learn about the topics, projects and research equipment of scientists in the UCLouvain Science and Technology Sector What are UCLouvain...Click to know more
June 20, 2019
UCLouvain in top 15% of universities worldwide
UCLouvain is ranked 167th in the 2019-20 edition of the QS ranking, and is the best French-speaking Belgian university. The ranking’s main...Click to know more
June 22, 2020
Click… Resistant bacteria caught in the act !
As humanity fights against the coronavirus, the battle against antibiotic resistant bacteria continues. Scientists at UCLouvain...Click to know more
January 23, 2020
Preventing metastasis by stopping cancer cells from...
Olivier Feron, a UCLouvain researcher, studies how cancer spreads through the body via metastasis. His major discovery was that cancer cells...Click to know moreSmart Women Make Money™
What if your business started making money to match the passion you put in? If you’ve been spinning your wheels just trying to pay the bills, this course will change everything.
GET MORE CLIENTS, MAKE MORE MONEY.
My proven 4-step strategy to attract your ideal clients so that you can create consistent monthly income in your business.
Get unstuck
You have big ideas, a big desire to share your work with the world, just waiting to be unleashed…but you’re afraid to put yourself out there.
This class changed my life!
Before taking Smart Women Make Money, my level of fear around money was huge! I just wanted it to all go away. When I thought about even looking at my financial situation I was miserable. The really amazing mix of information, coaching, worksheets, and interviews in the class gave me the resources I needed, but also the incentive and desire to tackle my fears.
As a result of this class I am tracking my spending. I know what money I have, where it is, and I have taken the responsibility to care for it. And I now have a financial planner to help me meet my goals! I even have a weekly Money Day, and I no longer dread taking care of my financial life.
I highly recommend this class to any woman with any fears about money. It is also perfect for anyone afraid to make money or to ask enough for their work.
If you want wonderful ideas about how to find financial freedom – take this class. If you want to know how to manifest a life that gives you what you need and want – take this class!
The shift is occurring. Clients and students are showing up.
Not out of nowhere, but via the channels that are miraculously opening up. I feel so confident and FOCUSED! And some relationships that used to be unbearable are suddenly… kinda fun! I LOVE INNER WORK! It is so powerful!
Smart Women Make Money gave me the confidence and courage to get control of my financial situation.
Even though I’m an empowered woman when it comes to how a woman should be treated and respected, there was something that was lacking in me that was taking my confidence away. I had not taken any control of handling my own finances all because there was a fear of money.
I was scared to look at how much I earned for fear that it may be too much. I had a fear that if a person has too much money, others will not want to associate with you, or would brand you as one from the high-class society that gets sneered at. This feeling stems from childhood.
I wanted to change all that, to be in control of my life, and my financial life.
Smart Women Make Money gave me the opportunity to learn about money and to look at money with love and compassion. I loved to listen to Sherold’s lectures, read through the trainings, watch her videos and do the homework because Sherold just asked us to be kind to ourselves and let the fear dissipate.
With the support of my husband and Sherold’s class, I took steps to find out about our money situation. I know now that the class has given me the confidence and courage to get control of my situation. I am getting better at handling finances and learning to be kind to myself instead of shaming and blaming myself for not doing anything for years.
Disclaimer: Sherold Barr is not a financial consultant but a master coach and entrepreneur mentor to women entrepreneurs. Purchasing this product does not guarantee that you will earn money. Your personal level of success and results from using this product depends on the time you devote to the program, ideas and techniques used, your finances,.Boogeyman brew is a fun brightly colored beverage perfect for kids and adults. If the kids are daring each other to eat it then you ve achieved the appropriate outcome for you halloween party food.
If they are doing that on a regular tuesday night you might want to look into some recipes sites after you re done here.
Kids party food halloween. Whether you need halloween party food for a school work or in home celebration these festive treats will impress every ghoulish guest. Looking for a fun non alcoholic drink for your halloween party. We amped up plain ol party snacks using everything from jack o lantern guts a k a.
11 halloween foods for kids. With these scary good party foods it ll be love at first bite. Check out our best halloween appetizers halloween cocktails or halloween punch recipes and pumpkin decorating ideas to make this year s bash one to remember.
Halloween is the perfect time to get kids into the kitchen. Sweets are a halloween essential but nobody likes a sugar coma. See more ideas about halloween party halloween treats halloween recipes.
You can find the recipe here. Jun 3 2019 food and drink ideas for a kids halloween party fun games design inventive. Take just 10 minutes to turn guacamole into an perfectly themed appetizer for your next halloween party.
23 halloween 2019 party food ideas for kids and adults struggling for food inspiration for halloween. You might also be tempted by the ease of a pumpkin traybake or these kiwi slime pies. 39 halloween party foods.
Quick and easy options also include our popular hooting halloween owls a seasonal variation on butterfly cakes these beautiful spiderweb chocolate fudge muffins and our cute halloween cupcakes. Mexican crema or sour cream is used for the web while black olives make an edible spider. By lygeia grace for food network kitchen photography by jackie alpers.
Pumpkin to slimy. Make it as gross slimy scary as possible. Apple cider pumpkin bread.
Odds are though you re craving more than just dessert particularly if you re planning to make these dishes for your annual halloween party. If you liked these halloween party food ideas check out these other fall recipes. From creepy crawly finger foods to spooky and sweet desserts we have easy halloween party food for every budget skill level and time frame.
We have loads of ideas for spooky snacks and terrifyingly tasty treats worth serving up on. Pumpkin cranberry muffins with streusel topping. Keep guests energized and entertained with these playful noshes and savory snacks.
Pin By Lexy Roe On Halloween In 2020 Halloween Crafts For Kids Halloween Activities For Kids Pumpkin Crafts Kids
Halloween Recipes Roundup For Friday S Featured Foodie Feastings
26 Build Your Own Party Food Bar Ideas Your Guests Will Go Crazy Over
4 Fall Desserts To Try This Season Party Food Dessert Holiday Party Food Table Fall Desserts
Halloween Mummy Hot Dog Recipe Salads For Lunch
Halloween Candy Charcuterie Platter In 2020 Halloween Food For Party Halloween Halloween Candy
Pin By Brianna On Holidays In 2020 Finger Hot Dogs Halloween Party Snacks Halloween Food For Party
All The Halloween Recipes You Need From Cute To Creepy In 2020 Halloween Food Treats Halloween Food Cupcakes Halloween Food For Party
Halloween Snack Tray Our Best Bites
Vintage Kids Halloween Party Party Blog Dessert Table Halloweenparty Kidspartyideas Halloween Party Diy Halloween Party Kids Halloween Kids
Easy Caterpillar Fruit Kabobs Kids Party Food Ideas Great Healthy Party Food For Kids That Is A Cute Cate Healthy Party Food Fruit Kabobs Kids Kids Party Food
Pin By Kayla Benfer On Mamawitastove In 2020 Monster Cookies Halloween Monster Fun Halloween TreatsWhat is the relation between chocolate and happiness
It is a long-held view that chocolate has some connection with happiness. But where has this belief come from? Well, it is because of the chemicals which are found in chocolates. These chemicals do emit neurotransmitters which directly impact our brains causing happy feelings. The researcher even found that flavanols which are available in the … Read moreVerses with the word zad - 2021 artbible.infoHere is the answer for: ___-mo crossword clue answers, solutions for the popular game Universal Crossword. This clue belongs to Universal Crossword October 28 2021 Answers. By solving these crosswords you will expand your knowledge and skills while becoming a crossword solving master. Enjoy!
___-mo
ANSWERS: SLO
Already solved ___-mo? Click here to go back to the main post and find other answers Universal Crossword October 28 2021 Answers.Ali
Big Lessons I Have Learned From Three Big Moves.
We move a lot. I moved to Guelph, Ontario from my hometown when I was 18. I finished my undergrad and moved to BC with my boyfriend. It was a simpler time back then. We packed up a u-haul trailer and drove our two cars across a large part of our large country stopping at night to sleep in one of our cars. It was an exciting and sometimes creepy experience. We spent some nights in beautiful landscapes and others in isolated parking lots.
I lived on the land on the left side of this picture near the shore, aka downtown. BC is pretty.
We met with friends when we got there and our apartment became available about 10 days later. We signed a lease and paid a damage deposit before even seeing the place. We were lucky it was nice and not a dive or a scam (NEVER pay anything for a place that you cannot prove is owned by the landlord ahead of time).
Lessons from my first big move:
Look at a place before you pay/sign anything. I got lucky this time but there are so many scams out there.
If you book with uhaul, bring a copy of your quote with you to pick up the trailer. They quoted us one price and the price was much higher when we went to pick it up. I think uhaul paid us some money to compensate after but I don't remember. They changed the pick up location on us first which was also a pain.
A year later we moved to Halifax, Nova Scotia so my husband could go to school. We drove both cars completely across the country but this time we hired movers to move our stuff. We choose the wrong movers. They didn't show up on the day we had booked to move out. They showed up the next day at 5:00 pm, the day our lease ended at 12:00 pm. We had to move our possessions into the hallway as the unit needed to be vacated. It was a headache but we got our stuff loaded and we drove out. 3 months later we got our stuff delivered. Not sure why it took so long but I was starting to think they had lost all of our possessions.
Walked by a scene like this everyday.
Lessons from my second big move:
It's a damn good thing we packed all our boxes instead of relying on them to do so. There was no time for that.
Never go with the cheap guys. Big names from now on. I will never deal with Qwest again. Some smaller companies have been known to demand more money on the move day or the delivery day. Ours did not but it could be a few hundred or a few thousand more.
Move things a few days before the end of the lease, not one day before, just in case.
Complain to the company about their bad service, they gave us a discount after the fact. The really shady companies wont do this however.
After Halifax, we moved to Toronto so I could go to school. My boyfriend had become my husband and we had a 3 month old. A baby to consider means we had to be more careful so we did things a little differently. We actually flew to Toronto and looked at rental places. My husband did most of the work as I came down with food poisoning. The units were all way more expensive and so much crappier than what we had in Halifax. Just so, so much crappier. We learned quickly that downtown was not an option for us price wise so we ended up in the North York area. After seeing a lot of places we settled on a very nice apartment in what appeared to be a pretty classy building... Nope.
It was a slum. We did not get to see our finished unit because they were working on it so we saw the staged show suite. The two were not the same. When we got to our suite we found it very dirty. We had to take the cupboard doors down to clean them. The floors were scratched, the walls were lumpy, the electrical was faulty, the landlords were trying to pin damage on us before we got there.
Over the 2 years we were there we came home to water damage trice. One time, the landlords put a large hole in the wall to investigate the damage and they left it there ... for several months. No matter what we did we could not convince these people to fix the hole. Cockroaches came in through the hole and our place was infested. We moved, because, gross, that's why. I didn't feel safe letting my child play in that apartment so it was time to go.
The process of moving to this apartment was easy. We hired a moving company subcontracted through either Atlas or Allied, not sure which. They gave us free used boxes to pack and they broke nothing.
Lessons from my third big move
Don't look at the show suite. Just don't even bother. If they can't show you the real deal it's time to run. Even if they offer to show you both, show suites play with your emotions giving you a weird hope of what might be. They are used to emotionally manipulate you.
Did you know if the landlord refuses to fix things, there are fancy legal things you can do to hold the rent ransom or have them charged. I don't know the deet's (I'm no lawyer, I'm just married to one), but the tenancy board can help anyone navigate this stuff. DON'T SUFFER! YOU HAVE RIGHTS BABY!
Sometimes all the prep work in the world will still leave you swindled. People prey on young couples.
Big name or bust. The big name movers were great, professional, organized and they got our stuff to us fast.
I moved down the street to a townhouse that cost pretty much the same as the slumpartment. It was bigger, beautiful, maintained, had staff that cared. It's been great. My favorite part is the neighbors. We share a backyard, socialize, our kids play together, its perfect. A real community. Its easier to find an amazing place when you are living in the area.
Our current house is great but our lifestyles are hampered by Toronto. My husband spends over 2 hours a day commuting which he can't keep up. We feel like there is not much for families to do here unless you are happy to pay a whole lot of money for a few hours entertainment + $20 in parking. My profession has a greater scope of practice in BC and typically makes more money. My respiratory issues are bad here and my son and husband are starting to show signs of trouble as well. There is a stress culture here that is expressed in some capacity almost everywhere we go. This lifestyle just doesn't match the lifestyle that we want long term.
I predict I will be taking a lot of pictures when I'm in Kelowna. Took this one hiking. There is a waterfall in the bottom of the canyon.
So we are high tailing it out of here back to BC. We already have a lease (after seeing the place first of course) and we are in the process of obtaining quotes from the top 4 large scale moving companies. I hope I don't make a bunch of mistakes to learn from this time around :)
A 3rd Classified Growth of 1855, Château Kirwan is produced in the appellation of Margaux. Covering an area of 40 hectares, the vineyard is located on a gravelly hillside in the Pyrenees. The wine is aged in barrels, 50% of which are of new oak. The 2016 vintage blends 55% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Merlot, 7% Cabernet Franc and 5% Petit Verdot.
The 2016 vintage is characterized by heavy rainfall until mid-June, which required a lot of attention during the spring. But Nature is sometimes generous - 5 dry and sunny days allowed for rapid and even flowering. The summer settled and brought with it heat and dryness. The peak arrived on August 23rd, when the thermometer displayed up to 36.4 °C. The vines stopped growing and experienced significant water stress. The delay of the grape ripening forecasted late harvests. Rain on the 13th of September finally allowed the grapes to reach optimum maturity before the harvest, which took place between September 27th and October 20th..
Medium to deep garnet-purple colored, the 2016 Kirwan is scented of red plums, cassis, redcurrants, earth and cigar box. The palate is medium-bodied, lean, chewy and lively with an earthy finish.Keeping in view the guidelines issued by the Central Government from time to time on Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in the context of COVID-19, Hindi Pakhwada was celebrated at NESAC from 14 September to 29 September 2021 with a limited programs. The Fortnight was inaugurated on 14th September by Dr. K. K. Sarma, Director In-Charge, NESAC followed by administering of pledge to all the employees. Message from Hon’ble Home Minister on the occasion of Hindi Diwas was read out to all.
A number of competitions such as creative writing, Hindi poetry recitation, Hindi story reading, extempore speech, Dictation and calligraphy competition were organized. Throughout the fortnight, key hymns in Hindi language were displayed.
Hindi Workshop was organized on 24.09.2021 for all permanent employees by Dr. Sharmila Tai, Hindi Pradhyapak from Central Hindi Training Institute, Guwahati on the topic – “Hindi Grammar and Noting – Draft Writing”.
The closing ceremony was organized on 29 the Sept, 2021 following the COVID guidelines. Dr. S.P. Aggarwal, Director, NESAC chaired the closing ceremony and congratulated everyone for the successful Completion of Hindi Pakhwada. He also handed over prize money and certificates to the winners of various competitions. The program ended with vote of thanks offered by Shri Avneesh Shukla, Senior Administrative Officer and Member-Secretary, Official Language Implementation Committee of the Centre.Sino-Singapore Jingwei Client, July 2nd, on the 2nd, the three major A-share stock indexes collectively opened lower. The Shanghai Stock Exchange Index opened lower by 3,569.89 points, a decrease of 0.53%; the Shenzhen Component Index reported 14937.73 points, a decrease of 0.67%; the ChiNext Index reported 3,429.61 points, a decrease of 0.75%. In addition, the Shanghai Composite 50 Index was 3,495.60 points, a drop of 1.12%; the Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 reported 5186.66 points, a drop of 0.82%.
Screenshot source: Wind
On the disk, oil exploration, mining services, shipbuilding, glass manufacturing, petrochemicals and other sectors led the gains; tourism integrated, automobile, beverage manufacturing, power equipment, cement manufacturing and other sectors led the decline.
In terms of individual stocks, 1,213 individual stocks rose, of which Tongyuan Petroleum, Fangzhi Technology, Jiuzhiyang and other stocks rose by more than 5%. 2358 stocks fell, among which Xiling Information, Rui Chuang Wei Na, Hasen shares and other stocks fell more than 5%.
According to data from the China Foreign Exchange Trading Center, the central parity of the RMB against the US dollar fell by 3 points to 6.4712.
As of the previous trading day, the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s financing balance was reported at 857.177 billion yuan, a decrease of 5.646 billion from the previous trading day, and the securities lending balance was reported at 98.378 billion yuan, an increase of 388 million from the previous trading day; the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s financing balance was reported at 760.946 billion yuan. , A decrease of 4.388 billion yuan from the previous trading day, and the balance of securities lending reported 57.591 billion yuan, a decrease of 466 million yuan from the previous trading day. The balance of margin financing and securities lending in the two cities totaled 1,774.091 billion yuan, a decrease of 10.112 billion yuan from the previous trading day.
From the perspective of the north-south capital flow of Shanghai-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, as of press time, the net inflow of northbound capital is 250 million yuan, of which the net inflow of Shanghai Stock Connect is 22 million yuan, the balance of funds on the day is 51.978 billion yuan, and the net inflow of Shenzhen Stock Connect is 228 million yuan. The balance was 51.772 billion yuan; the net inflow of southbound funds was 311 million yuan, of which the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect net inflow was 149 million yuan, the fund balance on the day was 41.851 billion yuan, the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect net inflow was 162 million yuan, and the day’s fund balance was 41.838 billion yuan.
Speaking of the market in July, Dongguan Securities stated that the domestic economy is operating steadily and the monetary policy continues to be the general tone of “stable”. With the recovery of fund issuance and the continuous inflow of northbound funds, coupled with the stable cross-season market, the pressure on funds will ease. On the whole, the market is showing a volatile upward trend, the technical side is gradually stabilizing, and the market volume can be released and expanded. With the easing of short-term inflationary pressures, the continuous implementation of policies and the successive admission of new funds, it is expected to boost market confidence. It is expected that the market will be in July. There are still opportunities for shocks to rise.
Guosheng Securities also believes that the current inflationary pressures have eased, the manufacturing industry has been expanding steadily, the job market has continued to improve, and the industry’s prosperity has maintained a relatively high level. It is firmly optimistic about the medium-term upward trend of the market. (Zhongxin Jingwei APP)
(The opinions in the article are for reference only and do not constitute investment advice. Investment is risky and you need to be cautious when entering the market.)
.The keyboard does not respond or the response to keystrokes is delayed.
If the keyboard does not respond or the response to keystrokes is delayed, check to make sure that none of the accessibility options for the keyboard have been enabled , such as sticky keys, filter keys and toggle keys.
NOTES:
- All accessibility options should be unchecked.
- These options could have been enabled unintentionally by holding down the SHIFT key for 8 seconds or more.
If the issue continues, follow these steps to continue troubleshooting the issue.
NOTE: Because several of these steps represents a possible solution to this issue, if at any point the keyboard responds normally you will not need to continue troubleshooting.
- On the keyboard, simultaneously press the Ctrl+Shift+Esc keys.
- In the Windows Task Manager window, click the Performance tab.
- On the Performance tab, in the CPU Usage section, if the usage indicator is above 50% then a program or process is running that is causing the delay in keystroke response.
NOTE: If this is the case, close all of the programs you have running and test the keyboard response again.
- If the keystroke response is still slow, restart the computer and test the keyboard response again.
- If the keystroke response remains slow, restart the computer again and this time as it is restarting, at the black VAIO screen, tap the F8 key.
- At the Advanced Boot Options screen, use the arrow keys to highlight the Safe Mode with Network option, and then press the Enter key.
- Once the computer has completely started, click the Start button, click All Programs, click Accessories, and then click Notepad (or comparable text authoring software).
- In the Notepad window, begin typing to test if the keyboard is responding slow.
NOTES:
- If the keyboard responds normally then some 3rd party software was causing the delay in keystroke response. Try uninstalling any recently installed software to see if that resolves the issue.
- If the keyboard continues to respond slowly even in safe mode, then the issue is in the registry. Perform a System Restore to return the computer back to an earlier date when the issue was not present.
- If still present after a System Restore, then a Full Format and Recovery will be necessary.Brad Levy, the new president and chief commercial officer (CCO) of Symphony, the capital markets communication network, has outlined his vision of the company’s commercial future. The firm, which offers chat messaging and supports trade execution, along with access to a range of other services, has made Levy’s appointment as traders become increasingly reliant on electronic collaboration tools within their workflow, as a result of COVID-19 countermeasures. Moving those capabilities forward will be Symphony’s goal, Levy says.
“Anything that is in a chatty form today, any messaging, unstructured information, emails, anywhere that is part of workflow is a natural place for us,” he notes. “Not to change behaviour, but to incrementally evolve it into something more digital and automated instead of being an asynchronous ping-pong game.”
Levy will lead Symphony’s efforts within the global financial services space, focusing on expanding the company’s commercial offering on capital market workflows and solutions. To date the firm has stated its desire to be a workflow management tool rather than a trading venue, supporting execution as part of that role as technology platform. It launched Symphony SPARC late last year as a means of underpinning trading in this way.
“I think of execution as a small piece of the larger liquidity puzzle,” says Levy. “In the liquidity space there are a lot of analytics, different forms of execution, and the fitting of execution into workflows that feed down from systems that exist today. For us that may be something as simple as an API, we have to stitch that together for our community of end users.”
By focussing on the unstructured elements of communicating trades, the firm could potentially apply technologies such as natural language processing (NLP) in order to systematise the information held within, so that data can be used more effectively in automated processes.
“I think there is a lot of liquidity out there, in that unstructured conversational world held in technology like chat or email today,” Levy explains. “The importance of that liquidity, which is to some extent frozen, depends on the macro environment we are in. I happen to think we are going through a super cycle of rethinking how liquidity is found and entered into.”
Parts of the market that are finding efficiency harder to come by, typically those involved in complex instruments and negotiated trading, cannot be resolved using straightforward mechanisms such as central limit order books (CLOB). Applying technology to understand the complexity of assets and trading, instead of trying to change the structures or transaction models, could help the wider market by freeing up liquidity, assets Levy.
“I think we are a big part of the play to liquify those frozen parts of the market. There are lots of pockets of liquidity in the over-the-counter markets and more derivative, structured, fixed income or foreign exchange markets. There are many places we can go through and add execution capabilities, content, analytics, and workflow within the back office.”
Levy is chairman emeritus of the Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS), as well as a member of the Technology Advisory Committee of the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and chairman of its Distributed Ledger Subcommittee.
Prior to Symphony, he was a partner at global analytics and information provider, IHS Markit, having also served as CEO of MarkitSERV and global head of its loan settlement and software services division. He was recently awarded the Markets Media Markets Choice Neil DeSena Market Advocate Award for his role in driving change within financial services.
“Brad’s unmatched experience within financial services, coupled with his inclusive leadership style and network make for a perfect combination as we enter our next phase of growth at Symphony,” said David Gurlé, Symphony’s founder and CEO.
Earlier in his career, Levy spent 18 years at Goldman Sachs, culminating in his role as managing director and global head of Goldman’s Principal Strategic Investments Group..”
In April, Symphony shared its growth numbers for Q1 2020, citing more than half a million licensed users, a 42% increase in daily active users and a 280% increase in messages sent after chat users reported a boost in use to support remote trading. It also launched secure virtual meetings with end-to-end encryption and recording. In June, the company reported that Deutsche Bank is using the Symphony Connect Solution for secure chat and collaboration with its clients via WhatsApp.Arrived in Miami a day before our cruise. Highly recommended so you're not as rushed and tired for boarding the ship. Embarkment for us was great due to booking a suite we went into a special boarding room for the first time and were on the ship at 11am.
Booked a "grand suite" and loved the size of the room. Patricia was our room steward and was superb. Very friendly and accommodating. Well worth the extra money IMO to go larger room! It was DH, DD, myself and a friend of DD in one room so it made a difference for us in size. Both were celebrating their 18 birthdays and a pre-graduation gift. What we don't do for our children!@#
Had a great cruise and very relaxing. The weather was high 80's in the ports. Cozumel got a little winding and some threatening rain so our excursion was cancelled and we hit 15-18' swells that night which made it a little rough. Heard some people were sick. Don't know if it was the boat rocking or the partying done in Cozumel!! I know myself that I overindulged at Carlos and Charlie's....good time though. Tendering went well I thought at the ports.The Kolkata Knight Riders will open their marketing campaign towards defending champions Mumbai Indians on 23 September in Abu Dhabi, whereas the Knight Riders will tackle the Rajasthan Royals in Dubai on 1 November of their final league match.
The league matches schedule has been introduced, with the primary match to be performed on 19 September between Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians. Right there, 3
November is the final league match to be performed, through which Mumbai Indians and Sunrisers Hyderabad will face one another.
The Kolkata Knight Riders workforce is practising closely. Let’s check out how Kolkata Knight Riders’ taking part in XI could be
is-
Kolkata Knight Riders Possible Playing XI:
Dinesh Karthik (captain and wicketkeeper), Eoin Morgan (vice captain), Shubman Gill, Sunil Narayan, Andre Russell, Nitish Rana, Rahul Tripathi,
Kuldeep Yadav, Pat Cummins, Varun Chakraborty and Siddhesh Lad.
Kolkata Knight Riders Squad 2020:
Dinesh Karthik (captain and wicketkeeper), Eoin Morgan (vice captain), Shubman Gill, Tom Banton, Sunil Narayan, Andre Russell, Nitish Rana, Rahul
Tripathi, Kuldeep Yadav, Pat Cummins, Famous Krishna, Loki Ferguson, Rinku Singh, Kamlesh Nagerkoti, Shivam Mavi, Nikhil Nayak, Chris Green, M.
Siddharth, Sandeep Warrier, Varun Chakraborty and Siddhesh Lad.
Kolkata Knight Riders’ league matches schedule-
Significantly, after an extended wait, the Indian Premier League (IPL) schedule was launched on 6 September and as per custom, the defending champions Mumbai Indians will tackle final 12 months’s runners-up Chennai Super Kings within the first match on 19 September in Abu Dhabi. The world’s largest T20 league is being held this 12 months in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah in three areas of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) because of the enhance in circumstances of Kovid-19 in India.
According to the BCCI launch, two matches can be performed for a complete of ten days. Of these, the primary match would begin at 3.30 pm Indian time, and the second match would begin at 7.30 pm. Dubai will host a complete of 24 matches. 20 matches can be performed in Abu Dhabi and 12 in Sharjah. The IPL 2020 playoff venues can be introduced later. The ultimate can be held on 10 November. The event will run for a complete of 53 days and thus turn into the longest working season within the historical past of I.Castle of Beersel
- Category: castles
- Section: Castles
The Castle of Beersel, in the Belgian").
Find accommodation nearby (Search for accommodation close to this building is served by Booking.com)
Weather nearby
Today (27 November)
4,9 ° C
0,5 ° (min) 5,6 ° (max)
4,8 mm
4,2 m/s
991 hPa
Tomorrow (28 November)
4,6 ° C
1,8 ° (min) 4,6 ° (max)
2,1 mm
5,7 m/s
1000 hPa
Reviews about Castle of Beersel Add comment
Be the first to add a review!Amount Down: 10%
Number of Payments: 47
Please Select Your Store to View Pricing.
Please Select Your Store to View Pricing.
Overview Close Overview
Get your game on like the old days with this retro gaming cabinet from Arcade1Up that features twelve, action-packed games. No need to collect quarters because you get to enjoy unlimited play of some of your favorite games like Street Fighter™, Street Fighter II: World Warrior, Street Fighter II: Champion Edition, Street Fighter II: Turbo, Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers and more.
Specifications Close Specifications
17" Color LCD Screen
Custom Riser
Light-Up Marquee
Printed Coin Door Graphic Kickplate
Includes 12 popular games
Unlimited gameplay.Welcome to the new SamanthaHasAdventures.com Be yourself; Everyone else is already taken. — Oscar Wilde. This is the first post on my new blog! You may have been following along over at samanthahasadventures.wordpress.com, and now we have made the switch to our new website- SamanthaHasAdventures.com! We are so excited for all of the new and [...]griggze
- Member since May 12, 2008
- Male / 27
Kent , United Kingdom
- 19 Followers
- 0 Trailforks Points
Recent
Selling
Oct 28, 2021 at 13:55Oct 28, 2021
Hunt Enduro Wide Wheelset$280 GBP
Hunt Enduro Wide wheelset bought new in March only used through the summer in great condition micro spline hub can include one Rimpact in the rear for £15 that includes the valve can also include the cassette which is Shimano Deore 12sp for £60.tyres are not included
Selling
Oct 28, 2021 at 13:46Oct 28, 2021
Shimano Deore 12sp Shifter$15 GBP
Here we have is a Shimano Deore 12sp shifter bought wrong one but managed to get a bar mount clamp to work with it. Happy to post.
Selling
Oct 28, 2021 at 13:43Oct 28, 2021
OneUp 180mm dropper (with lever)$160 GBP
Here we have is a OneUp components 180mm dropper with leaver in great condition happy to post.
Selling
Oct 28, 2021 at 13:37Oct 28, 2021
Rock Shox Pike Ultimate$650 GBP
Here we have for sale is a set of Rock Shox Pikes Ultimate purchased them in March and have been used throughout the summer but are in great condition currently set at 150mm but can be changed with different air shaft. Steer is 190cm happy to post.
Selling
Oct 2, 2021 at 8:46Oct 2, 2021
Evil Offering (Frank The Tank) Rare Frame$2200, Can include any parts that you need just give me a message. Frame: 2020 Evil Offering M(5'8" - 6'0"). Shock: Rockshox Super Deluxe RCT Debonair. Headset: Cane Creek. Happy to ship
Selling
Oct 2, 2021 at 8:32Oct 2, 2021
Evil Offering (Frank The Tank) Rare$3800 small rub marks on cranks, Would be happy to sell just the frame send me over a message if you are interested.(Tyres and saddle different to pictures.) Spec: Frame: 2020 Evil Offering M(5'8" - 6'0") Fork: RockShox Fork Pike Ultimate Charger 2.1 RC2 29 Shock: Rockshox Super Deluxe RCT Debonair Stem: Joystick Binary 35mm 31.8mm diameter Headset: Cane Creek Handlebar: Nukeproof Sam Hill Series Riser Bar 38mm rise 780mm wide Grips: DMR Brendog Race Death Handlebar Grips Brake System: TRP Quadiem Shifter: 12 Shimano Deore Rear Derailleur: 12 Shimano SLX Bottom Bracket: Praxis Works Cassette: 12 Shimano Deore Crank set: DMR Axe Cranks 170mm Chain Ring:Direct Mount Chainring for eeWings / SRAM Boost Nickel 32T for Shimano HG+ Chain: 12 SLX Wheel set: HUNT Enduro Wide Inserts: Rim Pacts front and rear Tyres: Hutchinson Griffus 2.4 Saddle: Fabric Seat post: One Up Components 180mm with Lever Can Ship
Selling
Jul 23, 2021 at 13:51Jul 23, 2021
Giant Reign E+ Pro$3800 GBP
Here we have for sale is a 2020 Giant Reign E+ Pro in Size medium bike was bought this year in April and has only seen around 160 miles so bike is pretty much brand new shall come with full warranty. There is a small amount of cable rub on the forks but that is it. Im 5,10 and bike fits me spot on, I have all the manuals and proof of purchase.Offers welcome as looking to sell quick MotorGiant SyncDrive Pro, 80Nm, 360% tuneable support, powered by YAMAHA. SensorsGiant PedalPlus 6-sensor technology DisplayGiant RideControl One BatteryGiant EnergyPak Smart 500, 36V 13.8Ah integrated Lithium-Ion Frame: ALUXX SL-grade aluminum, 160mm Maestro suspension system, 'Boost' 148x12QR, Giant EnergyPak Plus range extender compatible Fork: Fox 36 Float Factory 27.5, 170mm, Grip2 Damper, Boost 110x15QR, e-Bike optimized Shock: Fox Float X2 Factory, EVOL Large Volume sleeve, 2-position lever, 205x62.5mm Trunnion mount, custom tuned Handlebar: Nukeproof SamHill 780mm wide 38mm rise Stem: Nukeproof Neutron AM Seatpost: Brand X Dropper 150mm Saddle: Giant Contact SL, Neutral Shifters: Shimano XTR 12sp Front Derailleur: MRP 1X custom "V3" co-moulded TR chain guide Rear Derailleur: Shimano SLX 12sp Brakes: SRAM Code R, hydraulic disc, 220mm [F] 200mm [R] Brake Levers: SRAM Code R Cassette: SRAM PG-1230, 11-50T, 12-Speed Chain: SRAM XO1 Eagle PowerLock, 12-Speed Crankset: SRAM X-Sync Eagle 36T 104BCD chainringPraxis e-Carbon custom carbon crankarm set (Q-factor=168, S/M:160, L/XL::165) Rims: Giant e-TRX 27.5, Tubeless ready, 30mm inner width Hubs: Giant e-TRX [F] 110x15 [R] 148x12mm Thru-axle Spokes: Giant e-TRX Tires: Maxxis Minion DHF 27.5x2.6" foldable, Tubeless, EXO+, 3c MaxxTerra[F]Maxxis High Roller II 27.5x2.6" foldable, Tubeless, DoubleDown, 2x120tpi, 3C MaxxTerra Compound [R]
Added 4 photos to Giant-Reign-E
Jul 23, 2021 at 13:30Jul 23, 2021
Featured
Photo by EwiaProductionPipefitter - DOD Clearance
Company: Aerotek
Location: Hampton
Posted on: November 15, 2021
Job Description:
**Description:**
Experience:Five (5) or more years as a marine, commercial nuclear, or petro/chem First Class Pipef.
**Skills:**
pipefitter, marine, shipyard, navy, blueprint
**Top Skills Details:**
pipefitter, marine, shipyard, navy, blueprint
**Additional Skills & Qualifications:**
Experience:US Citizenship RequiredFive (5) or more years as a marine, commercial nuclear, or petro/chem First Class Pipef, Hampton , Pipefitter - DOD Clearance, Other , Hampton, VirginiaCustomer advisory boards are a gold mine for startup brand champions
Any startup that hopes to build a direct connection with its customers should consider recruiting a group of users who will share their experiences, insights and advice.
Copy and paste this URL into your WordPress site to embed
Copy and paste this code into your site to embedAlmost FREE Garnier Whole Blends at CVS
Grab some Garnier Whole Blends Shampoo or Conditioner at CVS on sale two for $7. Use a high-value newspaper coupon with a CVS coupon and Extrabucks offer to snag a few bottles for only a dime.
Here’s the deal:
Buy two 12.5 oz bottles of Garnier Whole Blends on sale for $3.50 each when you buy 2
Buy one 12.5 oz bottles of Garnier Whole Blends on sale for $3.79, regular price
Buy Three, Receive $3 Extrabucks
– Use three $2 off one Garnier Whole Blends Shampoo or Conditioner Coupons from RP 06/04 and
– Use one $2.50 off Garnier Hair Care Purchase CVS Coupon from the CVS Coupon Center
Pay: $3.29, Receive $3 Extrabucks
Final Price: $0.10 each, when you buy 3
Deal ends 07/01/17News, notes and items of interest from the long South Jersey football season, which began when St. Augustine took the field vs. Malvern Prep under an orange sky on the night of Sept. 2 and ends next weekend with championship games at Rowan University and Kean University:
Game of the year: Freehold Boro 69, Pennsauken 56 in the first round of the Central Jersey Group 4 tournament on Nov. 12 at Vince McAneney Field.
The late, great McAneney was a defensive guy, first and foremost, so it's not clear how much the old football coach would have appreciated this PlayStation-like competition sprung to life on the grass field off Rt. 73 in Pennsauken.
But the highest-scoring game in New Jersey state tournament history must have been fun to watch. Pennsauken senior running back Martin Booker Jr. carried the football 40 times for 376 yards and eight touchdowns - and he was the second-most-productive back on the field.
Freehold Boro junior Ashante Worthy ran for 465 yards and eight touchdowns and also threw a pair of touchdown passes.
"I never saw anything like it in my life," Pennsauken coach Clint Tabb said.
Moment of the year: Audubon special-needs senior Michael Arechavala returned a kickoff 65 yards for a touchdown in an untimed play at the start of the Green Wave's 52d annual Thanksgiving Day clash with rial Haddon Twp.
It was a great scene, with fans from both sides erupting in cheers and players and coaches from both sides relishing their part in a heartwarming display of sportsmanship.
"Overwhelming," Donna Arechavala said of the response to her son's race down the right sideline and into the end zone with a convoy of teammates along for the thrill ride.
Record setter: St. Joseph coach Paul Sacco became the first member of South Jersey's 300-win club when his team beat Mainland, 50-7, on Sept. 9.
Many of the spectators in the visiting stands wore white "300 Wins" T-shirts and several former players were in attendance on a special night for the longtime coach.
"I'm flabbergasted," Sacco said that hot and humid night on Mainland's Mustang Corral off Route 9. "It's a number but I guess it's a big number."
WJFL division champions: Shawnee (American), Schalick (Classic), Timber Creek (National), Lenape (Capitol), Woodbury (Memorial), Pennsville (Diamond), Camden Catholic (Constitution), Cedar Creek (Independence), Holy Spirit (United), St. Augustine (Continental), Highland (Royal), West Deptford (Colonial), New Egypt (Freedom), and Cinnaminson (Liberty).
Fast fact: Of the above champions, every one was undefeated in division play except Pennsville. The Eagles went 4-1 in the Diamond, edging out 3-2 Salem and 3-2 Woodstown.
Most improved teams: Four teams improved their wins totals from last season by five games. Holy Spirit went from 4-6 to 9-2 (with a game to play) while Vineland went from 3-7 to 8-2, Schalick went from 3-7 to 8-2 and Pennsauken went from 1-9 to 6-4.
Gloucester Catholic made the biggest leap, from 0-10 to 6-4. The Rams benefited from a drop from the Diamond to the Classic division and from some manageable crossover games as a result of the WJFL's expansion to 95 teams.
But Gloucester Catholic's final three games - 23-21 loss to Schalick, 11-6 win over Glassboro and 34-14 win over archrival Gloucester on Thanksgiving Day - showed the team's improvement wasn't just a reflection of a forgiving schedule.
Two other improved teams of note: Cherry Hill West went from 4-6 to 8-2, the best season since the Lions went 9-0 in 1967, thanks to great work from seniors such as Harrison Hand, Lorenzo Hernandez, Sameer Parks and George Vyzaniaris, among others.
Highland went from 5-5 to 9-2, fashioning the best season in program history under second-year coach Brian Leary. Among the Tartans' leaders were junior defensive end Naiem Furlow, who registered 16 sacks, and senior defensive back Matt McBride, who had eight interceptions.
Improvement, Part 3: Kingsway started 0-5 under first-year coach Mark Hendricks. The Dragons won four of their last five, knocking off Hammonton and Washington Township and beating rival Clearview in a thriller on Thanksgiving Day.
Coach of year candidates: Leary belongs on the short list along with Lenape's Tim McAneney, West Deptford's Clyde Folsom, Salem's Montrey Wright, Millville's Dennis Thomas, Vineland's Dan Russo, Cedar Creek's Tim Watson and Holy Spirit's A.J. Russo.
Offensive player of the year candidates: There are just two players on this list: Timber Creek junior quarterback Devin Leary and Salem senior running back Jon Taylor both set South Jersey records on Thanksgiving Day.
Leary has 45 touchdown passes this season, a state record. Taylor has 2,635 rushing yards this season, a South Jersey record and modern-day state mark.
And both players have a game on championship weekend.
Defensive player of the year candidates: This list is longer and fuzzier with no clear favorite as players such as Millville senior linebacker Zack Douglas, Vineland junior end Nihym Anderson, Holy Spirit linebacker Dante Daniel, St. Augustine senior back Zeke Ennis and Cherry Hill West senior back Harrison Hand have excelled on that side of the football.
Lenape senior back Mike Doulong was perhaps the most productive player on South Jersey's top overall defense, but will miss the Indians' final two games with a foot injury.
By the numbers: Here are Taylor's last seven games in rushing yards: 242, 385, 238, 250, 228, 276, and 224.
By the numbers, too: Leary has two six-touchdown passing games, three five-touchdown games and three four-touchdown games. He threw for five touchdowns in three first halves.
Long may they run: West Deptford has 4,327 rushing yards and 251 passing yards.
Clutch kicker: Cedar Creek senior Pat Moran made the difference in three dramatic victories for the Pirates.
Moran made a 39-yard field goal in overtime for a 17-14 win over St. Joseph; made a 28-yard field goal late in the fourth quarter in a 17-14 win over Haddonfield; and made a 37-yard field goal on the Pirates' final possession that stood up as the winning points in a 27-26 win over Willingboro in the South Jersey Group 2 semifinals.
Highest-scoring teams by average points: Timber Creek (48.4), St. Augustine (41.5) and West Deptford (40.0).
Stingiest defensive teams by average points allowed: Lenape (7.1), West Deptford (8.6), Burlington Township (9.0).
Furious finish: Overbook was 1-6 entering November. But the Rams won their final three games as senior running back Marques DeShields scored a total of 13 touchdowns.
panastasia@phillynews.com
@PhilAnastasiaProducts
Professionals
Projects
Inspiration
Articles
Get in Touch
Confirm Submission
Are you sure want to adding all Products to your Library?
Late last year, About Space took part in the Super Design Festival, a coming together of Australia’s best and brightest designers and design lovers.
The festival, for members of the architecture, building, construction and design industries, was a fantastic and fun way to get together with others in our field to share ideas and inspiration.
Like most events in 2020, the immersive and interactive festival, which included seminars, workshops and interviews, took on a slightly new format, blending digital experiences and in-person (covid-safe) events.
In this installment, we chat with Director of MINT Professional Lighting Consultants, Adele Locke. Adele grew up making light fittings in her family business and now works on residential and commercial projects.
A self-confessed (and publicly acknowledged) lighting geek, Adele tells us about one of her main passions - getting away from downlights in residential homes! Adele also loves exploring how lighting affects people and in this video you’ll see just a few of the stunning spaces she’s helped to create.
Watch the video below:
Over the coming months, we’ll be bringing you some more About Space highlights from Super Design, so watch this space for more videos!
Other ArticlesCremation at Cypress Hills Cemetery
Your choice of Niche or Open Garden
Urn Gardens
Urn Garden is available for in-ground burial of cremated remains. Our Urn Garden was designed and cultivated especially for in-ground burial of cremated remains. It provides families with a peaceful and serene setting to remember their loved ones.
For interment or grave pricing questions please contact our Office at 718-277-2900 or at email us.
Grab a Poster and Take a Tour
Stop by our Main Office during open hours, and ask for a complementary Notable Map. The map includes a walking tour of all our notable burials to date, along with history snippets and points of interest about Cypress Hills Cemetery.
Jones & Co
Mama Bird Vase | Jones and Co.
Regular price $53.00
$0.00
Unit price
per
All mamas need celebrating so what better way to remember that as you pass by her calm face every day? Honor your Mama Bird with fresh flowers and some kind words to keep her happy. Jones & Co loves all the mamas!
Length: 11.5cm
Width: 11.5cm
Height: 20cmPalm Springs High site of police training
No one should be alarmed if they see police officers and firefighters swarming Palm Springs High School Wednesday morning.
Authorities are conducting an “armed intruder” training exercise at the school, 2401 East Baristo Road. From 8:15 to 10 a.m., there will be a lockdown drill involving a staged armed intruder on campus.
According to Palm Springs police, the training focuses on emergency response, prodedures and communication related to school safety.
“The goal of this exercise is to provide realistic training for school and emergency personnel that will increase operational effectiveness and ensure the safest outcome for school students and staff during a real event,” police said in a statement.
Emergency vehicles and personnel will be based around the school during the exercise. Officials stress local residents and businessowners shouldn’t be alarmed by the increased presense.The role of Instability Resistance training for rehabilitation providers
As recently as 2010 (Kohler, Flanagan, & Whiting, 2010) found no clear benefit in training with either unstable loads or unstable surfaces. The theory is clear: heavier weights can be lifted in stable conditions than in unstable conditions and most sport is conducted on stable surfaces. Exceptions to this are surfing and snowboarding or similar orientated sports where the participant needs to be able to move a solid mass (board) in highly unstable and unpredictable conditions.
However, in the last few years there continues to be increasing interest in instability resistance training (IRT) using either unstable surfaces (Bosu or Reebok core board) or using instable weights (Tendo-destabilizing bar (TBB)(Fletcher & Bagley, 2014), barbells, sandbags or water filled bags (Calatayud, 2015)) to challenge the body to achieve greater truncal muscle activation particularly in anterior deltoid (AD), lumbar erector spinae (LUMB), external oblique (OBLIQ) and gluteus medius (GM). Difficulties have arisen analysing relative 10RM loads across different training equipment (Fletcher & Bagley, 2014). Looking at training with an element of instability in the weight itself would seem a viable alternative (Fletcher & Bagley, 2014).
The same amount of weight cannot be lifted for example in the chest press between unstable weights and stable weights due to the delay in the turn-around time (amortization phase) between eccentric phases and concentric phase and therefore a loss of stretch shortening cycle (SSC) and elastic energy (Zemkova & Hamar, 2013). This effect is noticeably less for the squat on the Bosu than for the chest press on the Swiss ball (Zemkova & Hamar, 2013). However the increased training effect on the trunk muscles using unstable surfaces (BOSU) or unstable weight (Aquahit bag) can be of benefit in a periodisation programme both on static balance (Aquahit > Bosu) and dynamic balance (Bosu>Aquahit ) (Zemková, 2016). The biggest challenge would seem to be to not only train these core muscles but make it meaningful to sport which is mainly carried out in upright stance. Of interest is research (Calatayud, 2015) which looked at the clean and jerk manoeuvre with 20kgs barbell, sandbag and water filled bag. The water bag showed higher muscles activation across OBLIQ, GM and LUMB with AD being similar in all three testing groups.
Further research needs to be conducted with other water-filled equipment (CorMax AQA Ball) and heavier water equipment (CorMax Beast) for elite sports persons conditioned to training with heavier weights to further extend their training capacity.
Encouraging is the position statement made by the Canadian Society for Exercise Physiology which see the role of IRT and greater core activation as part of the periodisation of athletes, whitst providing a safer low load higher core muscle activation alternative for general population and those undergoing rehabilitation. The road is clear for IRT in rehabilitation (D. Behm & Colado, 2012; D. G. Behm & Colado Sanchez, 2013) and physiotherapists and exercise science graduates can benefit from recent research and this gap in the market between conventional gym training and softer rehabilitation options.
Behm, D., & Colado, J. C. (2012). The effectiveness of resistance training using unstable surfaces and devices for rehabilitation. International journal of sports physical therapy, 7(2), 226.
Behm, D. G., & Colado Sanchez, J. C. (2013). Instability Resistance Training Across the Exercise Continuum. Sports Health: A Multidisciplinary Approach, 5(6), 500-503. doi:10.1177/1941738113477815
Calatayud, J. (2015). CORE MUSCLE ACTIVITY DURING THE CLEAN AND JERK LIFT WITH BARBELL VERSUS SANDBAGS AND WATER BAGS. International journal of sports physical therapy, 10(6), 803-811.
Fletcher, I. M., & Bagley, A. (2014). Changing the stability conditions in a back squat: the effect on maximum load lifted and erector spinae muscle activity. Sports Biomechanics, 13(4), 380-390. doi:10.1080/14763141.2014.982697
Kohler, M. J., Flanagan, P. S., & Whiting, C. W. (2010). Muscle Activation Patterns While Lifting Stable and Unstable Loads on Stable and Unstable Surfaces. Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, 24(2), 313-321. doi:10.1519/JSC.0b013e3181c8655a
Zemková, E. (2016). Instability resistance training for health and performance. Journal of Traditional and Complementary Medicine. doi:10.1016/j.jtcme.2016.05.007
Zemkova, E., & Hamar, D. (2013). Utilization of elastic energy during weight exercises differs under stable and unstable conditions. The Journal of sports medicine and physical fitness, 53(2), 119.For screen reader problems with this website, please call580-765-64885 8 0 7 6 5 6 4 8 8Standard carrier rates apply to texts.
The TMS6RG full range coaxial speaker is designed for direct fitment applications on select (see compatibility chart) Harley-Davidson® Road Glide® motorcycles in the upper fair.
These models are protected against Dust, UV, Temperature, Water, Corrosion & Vibration.
Power handling on Rockford Fosgate speakers conform to CEA-2031 industry standards.
Klippel is a speaker certification program allowing us to deliver the best possible subwoofers.
The Vertical Attach Surround Technique significantly increases a subwoofer's effective radiating cone area up to 25%.levothyroxine sodium (L-thyroxine, T4) Nursing Considerations & Management
Drug Name
Generic Name : levothyroxine sodium (L-thyroxine, T4)
Brand Name: Levothroid, Levoxine, Levoxyl, Synthroid, Thyro-Tabs, Unithroid
Classification: Thyroid hormone
Pregnancy Category A
Dosage & Route
Available forms : Tablets—25, 50, 75, 88, 100, 112, 125, 137, 150, 175, 200, 300 mcg; powder for injection—200, 500 mcg/vial
Dosages : 50–60 mcg equals approximately 60 mg (1 grain) desiccated thyroid.
ADULTS
- Hypothyroidism: Initial dose, 50 mcg PO, with increasing increments of 25 mcg PO q 6–8 wk; maintenance of up to 200 mcg/day. IV or IM injection can be substituted for the oral dosage form when oral ingestion is not possible. Usual IV dose is 50% of oral dose. Start at < 25 mcg/day in patients with long-standing hypothyroidism or known cardiac disease. Usual replacement 1.7 mcg/kg/day.
- Myxedema coma without severe heart disease: 200–500 mcg IV as initial dose, then 100 to 200 mcg IV daily; daily maintenance of 50 to 100 mcg once a euthyroid state is established. Switch to PO once patient is able. Full effect not seen for 24 hr; dose based on improvement.
- TSH suppression in thyroid cancer, nodules, and euthyroid goiters: Larger amounts than used for normal suppression.
- Thyroid suppression therapy: 2.6 mcg/kg/day PO for 7–10 days.
- Older patients may require less than 1 mcg/kg/day. For most patients older than 50 yr or under age 50 with cardiac disease, an initial dose of 12.5 to 25 mcg/day with increases of 25 mcg/day q 4–6 wk.
PEDIATRIC PATIENTS
- Congenital hypothyroidism: Infants require replacement therapy from birth.
- 0–1 yr: 8–15 mcg/kg/day.
- 1–5 yr: 5–6 mcg/kg/day.
- 6–12 yr: 4–5 mcg/kg/day.
- > 12 yr: 2–3 mcg/kg/day.
Therapeutic actions
- Levothyroxine sodium increases the basal metabolic rate (BMR) of carbohydrates, fats and proteins. It is also involved in the regulation and differentiation of cell growth. These effects are mediated at the cellular level by the thyroxine metabolite, tri-iodothyronine.
Indications
- Replacement therapy in hypothyroidism
- Pituitary TSH suppression in the treatment and prevention of euthyroid goiters and in the management of thyroid cancer
- Thyrotoxicosis in conjunction with antithyroid drugs and to prevent goitrogenesis, hypothyroidism, and thyrotoxicosis during pregnancy
- Treatment of myxedema coma
Adverse effects
-.
Contraindications
- Untreated hyperthyroidism; uncorrected adrenal failure; recent MI.
Nursing considerations
Assessment
- History: Allergy to active or extraneous constituents of drug, thyrotoxicosis, acute MI uncomplicated by hypothyroidism, Addison’s disease, lactation
- Physical: Skin lesions, color, T, texture; T; muscle tone, orientation, reflexes; P, auscultation, baseline ECG, BP; R, adventitious sounds; thyroid function tests
Interventions
- BLACK BOX WARNING: Do not use for weight loss; large doses may cause serious adverse effects.
- Monitor response carefully at start of therapy, and adjust dosage. Full therapeutic effect may not be seen for several days.
- Ensure that patient swallows tablet with a full glass of water.
- Do not change brands of T4 products, due to possible bioequivalence problems.
- Do not add IV doses to other IV fluids.
- Use caution in patients with CV disease.
- Administer oral drug as a single daily dose before breakfast with a full glass of water.
- Arrange for regular, periodic blood tests of thyroid function.
- For children and other patients who cannot swallow tablets, crush and suspend in a small amount of water or formula, or sprinkle over soft food. Administer immediately.
- WARNING: Most CV and CNS adverse effects indicate that the dose is too high. Stop drug for several days and reinstitute at a lower dose.
Teaching points
- Take as a single dose before breakfast with a full glass of water.
-. Keep your scheduled appointments.
- Report headache, chest pain, palpitations, fever, weight loss, sleeplessness, nervousness, irritability, unusual sweating, intolerance to heat, diarrhea.An in-depth study of papal encyclicals presenting perennial Catholic teaching on ‘controversial’ topics given by Mr. David Rodríguez, M. Th.
The Popes Against Modern Errors
$20.00
Description
PRODUCT INCLUDES: 222 mp3 audio files, 24 pdf files: prayers, slide notes, papal writings
DESCRIPTION: For over two centuries, the Popes consistently and courageously used their holy office to dispel the modern heresies which plagued our world. On account of their consistency with Tradition and papal insistence spanning several centuries, these teachings do form part of the ordinary and universal magisterium. Yet the warnings issued by these Vicars of Christ have gone unheeded, even up until today. The same errors they refuted (the ‘spirit of diabolical revolution’) have seemingly triumphed in every corner of society. Thus, their wise and prophetic words are even more pertinent for us NOW; for in them God has already granted us the antidote against the grave evils afflicting our days.
This was a year long course in which the faithful studied over 13 papal encyclicals (from 1830-1950) and numerous "hot" topics, such as Infallibility, Ecumenism, Social Justice, Democracy, Capitalism, Religious Indifferentism, and Modernism, the synthesis of all heresies. It is impossible to understand the current crisis or its solution without the providential teachings which God gave us through these Sovereign Pontiffs. Catholics who desire to remain faithful to God and the perennial teaching of Holy Mother Church, especially in these times of confusing times, must know these papal teachings.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Compartes
Chocolate Bar - Pecan Pie Bourbon
$13.95
Compartés gourmet pecan pie bourbon chocolate bar holiday gift is a brand new chocolate bar by Compartés. Made with chunks of homemade pecan pie and bourbon whiskey infused chocolate, this limited edition holiday chocolate bar also features hand drawn illustrations and an eye catching design by Compartés artist Jonathan Grahm. It doesn't stop there, this chocolate bar tastes even better than it looks! With chunks of pecan pie, brown sugar, pecans and bourbon, this bar will be your new holiday favorite for years to come. Get lots because it's limited edition and you'll want more!Course Meeting Times
Lectures: 2 sessions / week, 1.5 hours / session
Recitations: 1 session / week, 1 hour / session
Prerequisites
7.05 General Biochemistry
Course Description
This.
Textbooks
Squire, L. R., D. Berg, et al. Fundamental Neuroscience. 3rd ed. Academic Press, 2008. ISBN: 9780123740199.
Kandel, Eric R., James H. Schwartz, and Thomas M. Jessell, eds. Principles of Neural Science. 4th ed. McGraw-Hill, Health Professions Division, 2000. ISBN: 9780838577011.
Nicholls, John G. From Neuron to Brain. Sinauer Associates, 2011. ISBN: 9780878936090.
Grading
Exams are closed book and closed notes. Grades will be based on the following:
CalendarSri Lanka Journal of Medicine is the official journal of the Kandy Society of Medicine. It is a peer-reviewed journal currently published biannually. Original articles, reviews, brief reports, case reports, points of view, and letters to the editor, in all fields of medical science and practice are accepted for publication.
The Sri Lanka Journal of Medicine is now indexed in DOAJAFGHANISTAN (Arrahmah.com) –atar..
The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
(shahamat/arrahmah.com)29 Manipulative Text Messages
Bill was frustrated. The more he tried to converse via text with his ex-wife and kids, the worse things got. He was advised to utilize text messages rather than verbal communication to have a record of what was agreed upon, clear up any confusion, and minimize the verbal assaults. However, his ex-wife found a way to manipulate him through text messages. Worse yet, she taught her kids the same tactics.
Abuse comes in many forms. The traditional 7 ways are physical, mental, verbal, emotional, financial, sexual, and spiritual. But text messaging is not typically thought of as a source of manipulative communication. Yet, it can be. Because the tone of a text message is impossible to discern, multiple meanings can be drawn from one message. This includes the desire to control, manipulate, and harm another person. Here are 29 examples.
- Texts in generalizations. Instead of being specific, broad-reaching statements are used. “You know what you did.” This is done to entrap a potentially guilty party or to frustrate an honest person.
- Refuses to answer questions. When a question was asked by Bill, his ex-wife would ignore it completely and not answer even when he repeated the questions.
- Says you can’t take a joke. His ex-wife would make hurtful statements to Bill, “Looks like you gained more than a few pounds from your trip.” When Bill would respond negatively, his ex-wife would say that she was joking.
- Is inappropriately sarcastic. Sarcasm can make a great joke but over text messages, it is difficult to discern whether the comment is humorous, devious, cutting, or serious.
- Changes the subject. Instead of remaining on the subject at hand, Bill’s ex-wife would dramatically shift the conversation as if they were not even talking about the same subject.
- Is excessively long-winded. Texting is designed to be brief communication, not paragraphs or page-long messages. These belong in an email.
- Refuses to use proper grammar. A comma placed in the wrong spot can change the meaning of a sentence. “We are going to cut and paste kids.” “We are going to cut and paste, kids.”
- Includes others who are not a party. “The kids and I agree that you are a loser.” Bill’s ex-wife would often include the kid’s perspective in the message to add emphasis to her point. However, the kids were not part of the message and had no idea what their mother was saying.
- Says you are too sensitive. When Bill would say that he was hurt by a comment, his ex-wife would respond by saying that he was too sensitive and took things too seriously.
- Makes false accusations. False general statements are difficult to prove or defend. A person making this type of statement is trying to control an outcome.
- Says there is a tone in the text. There is usually not enough of a message to infer a tone. This comment is designed to put someone on the defensive.
- Refuses to talk on the phone and insists on text messages. When things become confusing or too much to text, often the request is made to switch to the phone. Refusing to do so can be a manipulative tactic.
- Ignores messages for days. Bill’s ex-wife would ignore his text messages about the kids for days but when she demanded immediate responses when she would text.
- Sends multiple text messages to irritate. One day Bill counted 105 text messages from his ex-wife that were sent to him during working hours. There was no emergency, she just wanted more money.
- Sends one-word response. Bill’s kids were famous for responding to him with one-word answers even to questions that were not close-ended. This kept him from having a relationship with them.
- Uses vague emojis instead of words. The use of faces, hand gestures, or other vague emojis can give multiple meanings in response. This is done to frustrate the receiver.
- Won’t use punctuation. Confusion is generated when the sentences all run together without any periods. This is hard to read and leaves the conversation open to multiple interpretations.
- Uses slang to a person who doesn’t know or understand the terminology. Bill’s kids would often use abbreviations or slang words that they knew Bill was unfamiliar using. When he would ask for clarification, they would send “lol”.
- Says one thing on the phone or in-person and another thing via text. Bill’s ex-wife agreed to adjust the time-sharing so he could travel for work on the phone. But then claimed in a text message that she didn’t agree to anything.
- Uses all caps unnecessarily. The use of caps in a text message indicates yelling. Sometimes, Bill would receive a paragraph-long, all-caps message that was difficult to interpret.
- Threatens self-harm. Self-harm includes cutting, taking pills, drinking too much, driving crazy, punching or scratching self, or other similar types of behavior. Making threats to do this via text is manipulative.
- Texts are at times not available. Bill’s ex-wife knew that he was on a date, so she texted him about random things during the evening. When he stopped responding, she kept going. The total number of text messages over 4 hours was 145.
- Threatens to hurt you or others. Any. He eventually called the police.
- Demands immediate response. Bill’s kids demanded an immediate response from their dad whenever they texted him. However, it was not reciprocal.
- Refuses to give specific information. Bill was asked to pick the kids up at the mall for his time-share. When he asked where in the mall, all he got was silence.
- Sparks a disagreement via text, takes a picture of part of the message, and forwards it to others. This was a typical tactic of Bill’s ex; she would often show the kids the messages as evidence that he was the problem.
- Assumes the worst possible meaning. Instead of asking for clarification, Bill’s ex-wife would assume the worst and respond harshly.
- Claims that something was never said even though it was in a previous message. Perhaps the most frustrating manipulative tactic was when Bill’s ex-wife would claim that they never agreed to something when it was agreed upon in a text message a week prior.
Just understanding the abusive text message tactics helped Bill to gain a better perspective and not react negatively. Eventually, when his ex-wife and kids learned that he was not going to be manipulated, they stopped the frustrating messaging.
To get your copy of the book, Abuse Exposed, click here.
Posted under: abuse Writings from Christine
2 comment on 29 Manipulative Text Messages
I have a narcisst guy friend that I have been knowing for 9 months I give him money and oral.sex but he does not want to have sex with me he says cuz I irritate him and get under neath his skin I don’t know what to do
Stop seeing him.Paradise Alley
$16.99
by Kevin Baker
Format: Paperback.
At the height of the Civil War, word spreads through the poorest quarters of New York City that a military draft is about to be implemented — a draft from which any rich man’s son can buy an exemption. The outrage this inspires escalates into the worst urban conflagration in American history.. organization Happy Hippie for homeless queer youth. And over the summer, after ending her marriage to Liam Hemsworth, Cyrus embarked on a short-lived and highly publicized.Syria + 5 more
U.N.’s Next Stop: Humanitarian Summit to Resolve Exploding Refugee Crisis
By Thalif Deen
KUWAIT CITY, Apr 2 2015 (IPS) - As the world’s spreading humanitarian crisis threatens to spill beyond the borders of Syria and Iraq into Libya and Yemen, the United Nations is already setting its sights on the first World Humanitarian Summit scheduled to take place in Istanbul next year.
“Let.
The flow of some 12.2 million refugees from Syria alone is having a devastating impact on the economies and societies in five countries: Lebanon, Jordan, Iraq, Turkey and Egypt.
Putting it in the context of the Western world, Guterres told the international pledging conference for humanitarian aid to Syria, “The number of Syrian refugees registered in Lebanon would be equivalent to 22.5 million refugees coming to Germany and 88 million arriving in the United States.”
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pointedly said the Syrian people are “victims of the worst humanitarian crisis of our time” – with over 220,000 dead.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power described the 8.4 billion-dollar target as “the largest in history, and 3.4 billion more than last year’s appeal.”
“Yet too many countries are giving the same amount, or even less than they have in the past,” she complained. “And as more people need help, we are reaching a smaller share of them.”
The three major donors at this year’s pledging conference were:.
Meanwhile, 48 hours after the donor conference pledged 3.8 billion dollars for humanitarian aid, the United Nations said it would continue to appeal for additional funds to meet its targeted 8.4 billion dollars by the end of 2015.
Amanda Pitt, chief, media relations and spokesperson for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) told IPS the requirements for the Syria crisis are 8.4 billion dollars for the whole of 2015 and for the whole crisis (including inside Syria, and efforts in the region).
“The Kuwait pledging conference was one event in the year’s fundraising efforts – which saw a number of donors generously pledge 3.8 billion dollars,” she said.
But fundraising will continue throughout the year – as it does every year for all the humanitarian appeals, she added.
Responding to reports that the pledging conference had fallen short of its expectations, the United Nations said it didn’t expect the target of 8.4 billion dollars to be met at the conference in Kuwait on Tuesday.
Farhan Haq, U.N. deputy spokesperson, told reporters, “One of the things we said in advance, we didn’t have any particular targets for this meeting.”
He said, “This meeting is one step of the process, and in fact, it’s extremely impressive that we got as much as 3.8 billion dollars.”
“If you compare the figures for pledges this year compared to last, we’re actually doing really quite well,” he insisted.
“At the same time, of course, the needs have grown, and as the year progresses, we’re going to keep trying to get closer and closer to the 8.4 billion figure.”
So two things need to happen, he noted.
“First of all, we do need ultimately to go beyond the pledges that we receive today, so that we get to 8.4 billion, which is what we’ve estimated [are] the needs both within Syria and in the neighbouring countries.”
But second of all, he said, “We also have to, as always, make sure that these pledges are converted into actual cash and actual assistance on the ground, and we’ll start doing that right away.”
The rates of delivery of the last two pledging conferences in 2013 and 2014, both held in Kuwait, have been described as relatively good.
In January 2014, the second pledging conference in Kuwait raised 2.4 billion dollars.
Ninety per cent of those funds have since been disbursed to provide life-saving support for millions of families in Syria and the region, according to OCHA.
“Last year, some 8.9 million people received basic relief items, more than five million people received monthly food aid, two million children were helped to go to school and millions received medical treatment and had access to clean water thanks to these contributions,” OCHA said.
“People have experienced breathtaking levels of violence and savagery in Syria,” said U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos.
“While we cannot bring peace, this funding will help humanitarian organisations deliver life-saving food, water, shelter, health services and other relief to millions of people in urgent need,” she added.
Edited by Kanya D’AlmeidaOur thanks to Steven for this. Key extracts:
The boy suffered from various medical problems including severe epilepsy. He wore a padded helmet and had special needs. He was unable to communicate.
The 57-year-old woman, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, became his foster carer because his parents were unable to look after him.
During the incident in January 2014, the witness saw the woman slap the child on both sides of the face with her palm and the back of her hand.
She also took hold of the helmet, pulled his head back and forced food into his mouth with her fingers.
“He saw this sequence several times,” said prosecutor Helen McCormack. “He was shocked by what he saw.”
The woman denied cruelty to a child, but was convicted in August…
Recorder David Jeremy QC told her: “Your reaction to treating a vulnerable child in this way was to lie throughout. You refused to accept the jury’s verdict despite clear and overwhelming evidence.
“You have chosen to hide away in a state of delusional denial. I have no doubt you present a continuing risk to anyone who opposes you.”
The judge was given an assurance that the woman would not be allowed to foster any other children.
If everyone who read this gave us just £1 – or even better, £1 monthly – we could change the world. Click here to make a difference. Thanks.Health Benefits of Physical Activity for Adults
Immediate Benefits
A single bout of moderate-to vigorous physical activity provides immediate benefits for your health.
- Sleep
– Improves sleep quality
- Less Anxiety
– Reduces feelings of anxiety
- Blood Pressure
– Reduces blood pressure
Long-term Benefits
Regular physical activity provides important health benefits for chronic disease prevention.
- Brain Health
– Reduces risks of developing dementia (including Alzheimer’s disease) and reduces risk of depression
- Heart Health
– Lowers risk of heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes
- Cancer Prevention
-Lowers risk of eight cancers: bladder, breast, colon, endometrium, esophagus, kidney, lung, and stomach
- Healthy Weight
– Reduces risk of weight gain
- Bone Strength
– Improves bone health
- Balance and Coordination
– Reduces risks of falls
Emerging research suggests physical activity may also help boost immune function.1,2
-.
Source: Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans, 2nd edition (Chapter 2, page 32) pdf icon[PDF-15.2MB]external icon
Download: Health Benefits of Physical Activity for Adults pdf icon[PDF-3MB]
Page last reviewed: November 1, 2021Farnell Pi 3 Model B, delivering increasedMbps)
-.
“As the leading manufacturer and distributor of the Raspberry Pi, we are delighted to be able to offer our customers an even faster and more powerful board at the same competitive price point as the previous model” says Peter Wenzel, global director of Raspberry Pi, Single Board Computers, and Software at Premier Farnell and Farnell element14.
“The Raspberry Pi family, coupled with our wide range of popular and exclusive accessories, provides hobbyists, makers, engineers and business of all sizes with a solution for every stage of the development process.”
Eben Upton, CEO of Raspberry Pi Trading said: “When we launched the Raspberry Pi 3 two years ago, we expected to see an increase in its use as an embedded product, especially in IoT related projects. We have been delighted by the take-up of the board by professional design engineers.
Today’s launch of the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ is our response to that success, aimed at perfecting the board for a wide range of applications. The new board has faster processing, faster wired networking and improved wireless connectivity; and with modular compliance certification and the same extraordinary support provided through communities and forums, users can learn, create and bring products to market faster than ever before. We hope you like it as much as we do.”
Power over Ethernet will be provided via a new official PoE add-on board for the Raspberry Pi available to buy from Farnell element14 from Summer 2018.
The Raspberry Pi 3 Model B+ is available to buy as a standalone board and as an exclusive element14 Starter Pack including a 16GB Micro-SD Card with NOOBS pre-installed, the official Raspberry Pi 2.5A Power Supply, and the official Raspberry Pi Case.
Comment on this article below or via Twitter: @IoTNow_OR @jcIoTnow!!!About Us Phoenix Force Gymnastics is located in the lovely Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia. The gymnastics program has been housed in the Water Tower Recreation Center building since its inception and has been around for over 40 years. Water Tower Recreation Center209 E. Hartwell LanePhiladelphia, PA 19118215-498-4107[email protected] Follow us on Instagram:@phoenixforcegymnasticsFollow us on Facebook! Toggle NavigationHOMENEW TEAM NAME!ABOUT USCLASSESSTAFFPHOENIX FORCE TEAMCONTACT USCOVID PROTOCOLSHOMENEW TEAM NAME!ABOUT USCLASSESSTAFFPHOENIX FORCE TEAMCONTACT USCOVID PROTOCOLS / PreviousNextPausePlayCloseBuilding and maintaining healthy relationships
6-minute read
Healthy relationships with your partner and family members can enhance your life and make everyone feel good about themselves. They don’t just happen though; healthy relationships take time to build and need work to keep them healthy. The more positive effort you put into a relationship, the healthier it should be.
What are the
- emotional support
- shared values around finances, child raising and other important matters
What are the benefits of healthy relationships?
People who have healthy relationships are more likely to feel happier and satisfied with their lives. They are less likely to have physical and mental health problems.
Healthy relationships can:
- increase your sense of worth and belonging and help you feel less alone
-. Double checking that you have understood correctly can avoid misunderstandings.
Communication is not just talking; non-verbal communication — your posture, tone of voice, facial expressions — can tell the other person how you feel. Non-verbal communication can even undermine what you’re saying if your behaviour doesn’t match your words.
How can I maintain healthy relationships?
Building healthy relationships with partners, friends and family is good for you. It improves your mood, your mental health and your wellbeing.
Maintaining them is important. It takes time and commitment. No relationship is perfect, but it is important that it brings you more happiness than stress. Here are some tips for a healthy relationship.
Be clear about what you want
Assertive communication helps make your point more clearly than passive or aggressive communication. It means you make your point clearly and honestly, while respecting the other person's point of view.
Try using ‘I’ statements instead of accusatory ‘you’ statements. For example, say "I really hate it when you don't clean up the dishes" rather than "You never help me in the kitchen".
Say sorry when you’re wrong
This is really important as it helps heal relationship breakdowns that inevitably occur.
Be affectionate and show appreciation
Relationships can become routine after a while. Make special time together and continue to show your affection. Even just snuggling on the couch after work helps show intimacy.
Make the relationship a priority
It can be hard to balance relationships, work, family and friends. You can help establish a work-life balance by setting limits at work and learning to say no – this will ensure you make time for your relationship.
Develop shared interests
Finding hobbies you both enjoy allows you to spend time together. This could be as simple as doing a night class together or taking up a new sport..
Find solutions that work for both of you
Conflict is a part of any relationship. It is essential that you both respect and accept your differences and similarities. Finding solutions that work for both of you will probably require compromise at different times.
Make plans for the future
By making plans for the future together, you both show you are in the relationship for the long term.
Family time
Finding time together as a family can be difficult, but there are many benefits to regularly sharing family meals. Even one family meal a week gives everyone a chance to catch up, connect and communicate with each other..
Resources and: October 2021Try this Sweet Cheese Pies recipe, or contribute your own.Suggest a better description
Mix the flour and salt in freestanding mixer with paddle and make a well in the center. Pour in the olive oil and orange and lemon zest and blend on low speed. Add the orange juice slowly, and beat until a soft and elastic dough forms, about 2-3 minutes. Let it rest for about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 375 F. Mix the cheese, sugar, and orange and lemon zest. Sprinkle your work surface with flour, and roll the dough out with the rolling pin. Cut 5-inch rounds and place 1 heaping tablespoon of filling in the center of each. Using a spoon, spread the filling so that it covers about two-thirds of the area, leaving about 2/3 inch of pastry around. Roll the edge of the pastry inward to form a triangle shape. Transfer the pies to an oiled pan, brush with the milk and egg mixture, and bake for 20-25 minutes, or until golden. Let cool on a rack before serving. ? 1997 Lifetime Entertainment Services. All rights reserved. MC formatted using MC Buster by Barb at PK
View line-by-line Nutrition Insights™: Discover which ingredients contribute the calories/sodium/etc.
Calories per serving: 414
Get detailed nutrition information, including item-by-item nutrition insights, so you can see where the calories, carbs, fat, sodium and more come from.
There are no reviews yet. Be the first!
What would you serve with this? Link in another recipe.2014 Movies for Grownups Awards
From space-age thrills to historic shame, we pick the year's best films and performances
Fox Searchlight
"There are great movies, and there are important movies," says AARP’s Meg Grant in her review. "'12 Years a Slave' is both." It’s also the Best Movie for Grownups.
Best Movie for Grownups
12 Years a Slave
En español | America had a century or so to make the definitive movie about slavery, but it took the British-born team of director Steve McQueen and star Chiwetel Ejiofor to finally do it. The true story of a free black man sold into slavery in the years before the Civil War manages to crystalize the diabolical combination of savage brutality and condescending paternalism that sustained America's Original Sin. Through sheer artistry, it remains a beautifully realized film.
Watch: '12 Years a Slave' movie trailer
Paramount Pictures
The protagonist in post-recession "Nebraska" is Woody Grant, a 70-something patriarch played by Bruce Dern.
Best Actor
Bruce Dern, Nebraska
We invested in Dern in the 1970s, when his brooding performances in such movies as Coming Home held Brando-class promise for his career. Now, with his turn as a cranky, determined fellow who is convinced he's won a million dollars, Dern, 77, finally pays that 40-year-old dividend.
Watch: 'Nebraska' movie trailer
We Also Loved: Tom Hanks, Captain Phillips | Brad Pitt, World War Z | Robert Redford, All Is Lost | Forest Whitaker, Lee Daniels' The Butler
The Weinstein Company
"Judi Dench, already a cinematic treasure," says Bill Newcott, "gives us one more reason to fall in love with her in 'Philomena.'"
Best Actress
Judi Dench, Philomena
She's never less than brilliant, but this time — as a woman seeking the son she was forced to give up — Dame Judi, 79, takes our breath away. Wronged by the world at every turn, her Philomena is fierce, innocent and, it turns out, a better person than we may ever hope to be.
Watch: 'Philomena' movie trailer
We Also Loved: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Enough Said | Paulina García, Gloria; | Meryl Streep, August: Osage County | Emma Thompson, Saving Mr. Banks
The Weinstein Company
Best Supporting Actor Chris Cooper stars in "August: Osage County," with a cast that includes, pictured here, Benedict Cumberbatch.
Best Supporting Actor
Chris Cooper, August: Osage County
As the good-natured but picked-upon husband of a domineering wife (Margo Martindale), Cooper, 62, brings a refreshing breeze of humanity to a cast of characters whose chief family value seems to be an enduring disdain for each other.
We Also Loved: Steve Carell, The Way Way Back | Tony Danza, Don Jon | John Goodman, Inside Llewyn Davis | Bill Nighy, About Time
The Weinstein Company
Oprah Winfrey as Gloria in "Lee Daniels' The Butler" shows, says Meg Grant, that her "acting chops are still firmly intact."
Best Supporting Actress
Oprah Winfrey, Lee Daniels' The Butler
Easy to forget that the talk show queen, 59, has already been an Oscar-nominated actress (The Color Purple), but her searing performance as the conflicted wife of a career White House butler (Forest Whitaker) is all the reminder we need.
Watch: 'The Butler' movie trailer
We Also Loved: Allison Janney, The Way Way Back | Margo Martindale, August: Osage County | Julianne Moore, Don Jon | June Squibb, Nebraska
Fox Searchlight
"The Way Way Back" is a movie about a teen and his well-meaning-but-clueless grownups.)
CBS Films
Mary Steenburgen mesmerizes all four guys in "Last Vegas" and sings the hell out of this role.
Breakthrough Accomplishment
Mary Steenburgen, Last Vegas
She's already won an Oscar and is one of TV's most welcome faces; now, for her role as an aspiring Vegas lounge singer, Steenburgen, 60, reveals herself to be a first-rate vocalist (and she even wrote her own song).
Best Buddy Picture
Last Vegas
At first glance, writer Dan Fogelman's tale of four old pals meeting up in Vegas seems like superficial fun; by the end, it's a surprisingly thoughtful look at the profound importance of lifelong friendship.
Watch: 'Last Vegas' movie trailer
Best Time Capsule
American Hustle
Maybe it's the spot-on music choices; perhaps it's Jeremy Renner's Chris Isaak-style quiff hairdo. Director David O. Russell and production designer Judy Becker have infused their screen, end-to-end, with the go-go essence of late-'70s-early-'80s America.
Watch: 'American Hustle' movie trailer
We Also Loved: Lee Daniels' The Butler | Dallas Buyers Club | Inside Llewyn Davis | The Wolf of Wall Street
Disney
Walt Disney (Tom Hanks) shows Disneyland to "Mary Poppins" author P.L. Travers (Emma Thompson) in Disney's "Saving Mr. Banks."
Best Movie for Grownups Who Refuse to Grow Up
Saving Mr. Banks
Walt Disney's efforts to woo Mary Poppins author P.L. Travers into selling him the rights to her now so-well-known children's story makes for a fascinating film and conjures up memories of our own childhood movie experiences. In revealing Mary's roots in P.L.'s own early years, it also savvily reminds us that even when we've grown up, the child we were in the past is never far from the surface.
Watch: 'Saving Mr. Banks' movie trailer
We Also Loved: Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 | Frozen | The Lone Ranger
Bill Newcott writes about Movies for Grownups and other entertainment stories for AARP Media.
Also of Interest
- 10 essential Boomer movies
- Are you a Viagra wife?
- Get free, individualized tax preparation; find a Tax-Aide location near you
Visit the AARP home page for great deals and savings tips
Note: We are currently in the process of replacing our commenting service, so it may take a few days for previous comments to appear. Login or register on AARP.org to join the conversation.Sensation to shampoo regularly with quicker drying time, even after hot water setting.Perfect for those with an active lifestyle, RUWA® braid is light weight and soft to touch.
pre-stretched hair, which saveson prep time and enables for a natural finished style.NFL Men - Baltimore Ravens #13 John Brown Hoodie Olive Pullover 2018 Salute to Service
Fastest speed join Ravens by this John Brown Olive:Olive
- Suitable for moderate temperatures
- Material: 20% Polyester/80% Cotton
- Screen print graphics
- Pullover
- Machine wash
- Imported
- NFL Officially licensed
Product Name: NFL Men - Baltimore Ravens #13 John Brown Hoodie Olive Pullover 2018 Salute to Service
Price: $89.00
In stock
In stock
Rated 4.8/5 based on 153 customer reviews
Tags: NFL, NFL Baltimore Ravens, NFL Baltimore Ravens John Brown, Men's, Men's Hoodie, Men's Hoodie 2018 Salute to Service, AFC, North Division, Baltimore Ravens, HoodieUsa Coupon Leadpages
LeadPages examine updated: January 15, 2020 Would you like to increase the variety developing relationships online.
That was over 3 years back. In this updated 2020 LeadPages review, you can find out why I’m still suggesting this service to blog writers and writers who want to market their writing (Usa Coupon Leadpages). site visitors into leads or customersThe primary selling point of LeadPages is its ease of usage. Utilizing the drag and drop editor, it takes 5 minutes to produce a landing and page that generally would have taken me several hours.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
You can alter and update these pages on the go and choose from popular templates that other authors and online marketers like. LeadPages incorporates with popular e-mail service providers like MailChimp, ConvertKit and AWeber. It links get yearly strategy with a discount. I don’t normally purchase annual plans for my blogging tools. I only did this because LeadPages use yearly subscribers a discount rate. Usa Coupon market of each landing page so you can find one most appropriate to your needs.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
Utilizing the drag and drop editor, this took me five minutes. Then, I pushed release and LeadPages gave me an useful URL to utilize. If you utilize WordPress, you can connect to it through a plugin and release straight on your site. Then, I developed pages for my brand-new book The Power of Creativity.
Any time I have had a concern with LeadPages, I contact assistance about it. They usually get in touch within a couple of hours to help. created short free gifts or content upgrades for the top carrying out posts on my website.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
> five article – Usa Coupon Leadpages.
To get the PDF, audio recording or resources guide, they just need to opt in. When a visitor opts in, LeadPages immediately sends them the relevant PDF or MP3 right away. Then, if they validate their subscription to my Insider List, LeadPages includes their information to ConvertKit. Producing Lead Magnet links for my more popular posts assisted me.If all this sounds complex, do not fret.
If you desire to do the exact choose what to blog about next on End up being an Author Today.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
You can see the number of people are subscribing via each LeadBox and which Lead Magnet is most popular. I’m already using these analytics to produce ideas for future pieces of high-value material and to improve existing calls-to-action. It also provides A-B testing for your landing pages, which is excellent if you wish to evaluate various calls-to-action or images on your landing pages.
It will also help you grow your email list faster and convert more leads into consumers. LeadPages will assist you prevent spending quality time coding or building landing pages with HTML. It’s function built for little efficiency suggestions. Use a resource guide. We’ve done a great deal of testing and discovered that the highest transforming lead magnet we’ve ever handed out was a basic one-page list of tools. It was just a good PDF with a list of a few resources that we utilized in our marketing.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
We are absolutely honoured to have clients from all stages of company from bloggers to SaaS business, details item online marketers, coaches, large enterprise companies, property representatives, dental experts, e-commerce shop owners, physical product developers truly our customers originate from a HUGE variety of markets (Usa Coupon Leadpages). consider me as the “face” of LeadPages (which is humbling and frightening at the same time).
Usa Coupon Leadpages
They’re important to us and ought to be critical for every single service. If you aren’t tracking what’s occurring in your service, how do you understand what’s working and what’s not? We really constructed a split screening tool into our software application because of how important it is. And our podcast, ConversionCast, is all about results-based marketingThis is a continuous battle for me (as I understand it is for lots of people), however I can share a couple of things that have been working.
There are things that require your attention immediately but aren’t genuinely that high of a priority. It’s perfectly okay to submit that away for later on. 2) I utilized to say yes to everything. Wish to interview me on your podcast? Sure! Desire me to personally take a look at your site and inform you what to change? Absolutely!But here’s the problem with that.
It may be a chance in your service, it may be to your family (more time at work = less time for other things), and so on. I have actually found out to state no to things that drain my energy, or that I know would take me away from doing things that can offer value to a variety of individuals – Usa Coupon Leadpages.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
One to book interviews for ConversionCast, one to enable others to reserve me for an interview, and one for general meetings. If somebody wants my time, they go through my scheduler. If they send me their scheduler, I politely ask them to please usage mine instead as I know if I need’ve stopped focusing on e-mail, and began simply doing things that are of high value and that will set me on the ideal course for the day.
I ENJOY social media, I truly do. It’s such an incredible method to interact with individuals doing what they’re already doing. Nevertheless, it’s not an asset that YOU OWN. If Facebook were to shut down one day … what takes place to all of those fans?Gone. With e-mail marketing, you own that list.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
Start constructing your list TODAY.Every blogger should prioritise developing an e-mail list, and LeadPages is the ideal tool for growing that list. It’s one of the most instinctive blogging tools I’ve utilized this year. Now, I invest less time tinkering with my website or producing landing pages. I didn’t have to invest much time checking out tutorials or talking to the company’s support team.
I like tools like this due to the fact that they allow me to spend use a 30-day refund assurance). Got questions about my LeadPages examine? Share them below. Tim Paige is the host of Conversion Cast and a Conversion Educator for LeadPages. Need aid getting began writing? Utilize these shown writing prompts. I’ll also send you useful composing suggestions and more as part of my newsletter.
Usa Coupon Leadpages
Price Ease of Usage Includes AnalyticsLeadPages is a fantastic tool if you want to produce landing pages and sales page that covert and grow your email list fast. It’s ideal for all kinds of blog writers. Free trial availableYou can create landing pages in minutesActionable analyticsAbility to pick design templates by conversion rateGreat for authors and bloggers who utilize Facebook advertisements to grow their email listMonthly subscription might delay someLacks some functions that more costly products like Clickfunnels offerIt expenses extra to upload custom-made templates.
You’re looking for a simple, code-free way to build high-converting landing pages, right? In the past, developing a landing page required endless backward and forward with designers and designers. Now, it’s something that you can do from the solitude of your own computer (no meetings needed!). However to realize that dream, you’re going to need a landing page creator.
And in my Leadpages evaluate, I’ll dig into whether it’s the right tool for you and provide you a real appearance at how Leadpages functions. Overall, I’m pleased by the ease of use and performance that Leadpages offers. However let’s not jump too far ahead! I’m definitely going to go more in-depth with these features later.What Is a Low-Maintenance Car?
Every car, truck or SUV in the Washington DC or Baltimore area requires regular servicing to help maximize its longevity and performance, but some vehicles require more frequent visits to a dealership or mechanic than others.
Vehicle maintenance isn’t entirely about mechanical or electrical issues. Things like auto insurance, the cost of fuel and taxes are all added prices you’ll need to pay to continue driving your vehicle. These added costs of vehicle ownerships might also be considered maintenance costs by some.
By that standard, any vehicle that can be well maintained with oil changes and tire rotations but also offers low insurance and registration fees qualifies as low maintenance.
Used Hondas
Consumer Report has a helpful guide for the average maintenance cost of previously owned vehicles that are 5- or 10-years old. The difference in maintenance between certain car makers is striking.
Hondas generally have a reputation for being a reliable brand, and many of their vehicles do make the least expensive to maintain list, including the 2011 Honda CR-V, Fit and Ridgeline. Only the 2011 Honda Odyssey and Pilot made the most expensive to maintain and repair list.
Used Toyotas
Toyota Priuses especially earned a reputation as being one of the more reliable, long-lasting hybrid vehicles. According to Consumer Report they have approximately $260 in repair costs at the 10-year mark. Other low maintenance Toyotas (at the 10-year mark) included Avalon, Camry, Corolla, Tacoma, and Tundra.
Used Chevrolets
If you are in the market for a used Chevrolet, the Silverado 1500 and Tahoe were cited as being low maintenance models at the 10-year mark by Consumer Report. The Chevrolet Suburban and Traverse have on average $590 and $900 respectively in maintenance and repair costs at the 10-year mark.
Used Hyundais
Hyundai Genesis made Consumer Report’s list as being a low-maintenance model at the 10-year mark, with repair and maintenance costs running at approximately $200.
Used Nissans
We could not “leaf” the Nissan Leaf off this list – according to Consumer Reports this vehicle had no maintenance or repair costs associated with it at the 10-year mark.
If you are looking for a pickup truck, then a Nissan Frontier may be the final frontier for you with a low 10-year $200 maintenance and repair price tag attached to it.
Which Vehicles Have the Lowest Insurance Costs?
Your vehicle is just one of many factors that go into the equation that determines your auto insurance premiums. Other factors include your age, gender, the state and city in which you live and drive, your driving record and even your credit. The only factors insurance companies aren’t allowed to consider when determining your insurance costs are race and religion.
The vehicle you choose can have a positive or negative impact on your auto insurance rates. The insurance company will take into account:
- How frequently the make and model is stolen
- The vehicle’s engine size
- The car’s official safety record and rating
- Whether it is equipped with cutting-edge safety equipment
- The replacement cost of the vehicle
- The cost of repairs
There are several important things to keep in mind when purchasing a car that will be relevant to your insurance costs.
- Used cars cost less to insure since they’ve already depreciated quite a bit by the time you purchase it
- Older vehicle that don’t have quite as many fancy electronics or gadgets are less expensive to repair which often means lower insurance rates
Many pre-owned vehicles available at Easterns Automotive also come equipped with some of the latest safety features, which may entitle you to an insurance discount.
Get a Great Used Car, Truck or SUV with Low Maintenance Costs in Baltimore or Washington DC
There may be other costs in addition to price associated with the purchase of a previously owned vehicle, so if you are in the market for a used car, truck or SUV in Maryland or Virginia, check out our selection at Easterns Automotive Group. Give us a call at (877) 867-0641 or browse our inventory to find a low-maintenance vehicle that’s right for you.Episode 22
James Valliant on Ayn Rand's Essay, Faith and Force
Published on: 15th June, 2021
Today we bring back one of our favorites, James Valliant, an Ayn Rand scholar, whom along with Martin and I, discuss Miss Rand’s seminal essay, "Faith and Force: The Destroyers of the Modern World." Don’t Miss It!
Show notes with links to articles, blog posts, products and services:
- Faith and Force: The Destroyers of the Modern World
- What You Can Do
- Auguste Comte
- Deontological ethics
- Collectivism
- Ominous Parallels
- "Pure reason"
- Racism
- Personal Destinies: A Philosophy of Ethical Individualism
- John Herman Randall Jr.
- The Ayn Rand Society
- Age of Envy
Episode 22 (40 minutes) was recorded at 10 PM CET, on May 14, 2021, with Ringr app.Archive for the ‘school community’ Tag
Children’s art on display
Last Thursday night was Pelican Primary School’s first ever Art Show. An artwork by every child in the school was framed and on display. It was a huge effort by the staff team to get all the framing done in time. The year 5 and 6 students were in charge of hospitality, and walked around with platters of finger food for everyone to try, some made by the students in the Kitchen Garden classes, some made and donated by local restaurants.
These events are important for many reasons – they display the talents and visual expression of the children and show the range of interests and ideas, and they bring the parent community into the school. It can be difficult to draw refugee and immigrant families to the school on a regular, ‘helping-out-in-the-classroom’, ‘running-the-sausage-sizzle-on-election-day’ kind of way, because for many of them, school is about their children and expectations of their children. Building stronger community links and parent involvement can be a big challenge. Events like the art show encourage the parents to participate, make them feel welcome, and hopefully make them feel proud of their children, and connected to the school community.
There are some true artistic souls in the school, children who have a way of expressing the complexities of their feelings and sense of identity. I loved the two artworks pictured below, both by girls in grade 4/5. The upper picture is incredibly detailed and my snapshot will not do it justice. Notice the items she is holding – pencils, a book, dolls. And notice her hair is in fact strands of tape measure. And the look in her eyes – I see a desire for challenges and extension and opportunities, and at the same time an anxiety about the future. The lower picture has a wonderful insouciant energy – I love the sense of defiance and sense of lightness and possibility she conjures up with her choice and positioning of images.
Parents had the first option to buy their children’s work ($5 each). The parents of the child who did the painting above weren’t present. A bidding war started up among the other adults present – it was a very popular work! In the end it was bought for $50 by the parent of one of the girl’s friends. But she took the young artist aside to tell her, “Do you want this picture? I bought it for you – you can take it home with you.” But the child decided she wanted it to go home with her friend’s mum.
I fell in love with a picture by one of the Prep children – a child I don’t teach. His parents weren’t present so I got to buy it at the end of the evening. It is leaning against the wall in my study, a pastel blend of rich orange and yellow, merging into a lower strip of blue (mixed with glimmers of yellow), with an angular pink shape in the middle of the yellow, and the child’s name – YUSUF – written down the right hand side of the page. “I asked them to do a picture of something lying on the sand at the beach,” the art teacher told me. “The pink thing is a shell.” I love it.Sequin Eye Makeup Is Taking Over Instagram — Here’s Some Inspo | EIGSHOW BEAUTY
Publicado por EIGSHOW OWNER en
A sequin-embellished eye look, the glitzy look is all over Instagram and obviously we’re obsessed. Here, we’re rounding up our favorite takes on the trend.
Rainbow Eyes
On days when we’re feeling a tad indecisive, we’ll be taking inspo from this multi-colored sequin eye look from iriartemua. Who says you have to commit to just one sequin color anyways?
@andreinmake.up With this look I receive a month full of love, because my birthday is coming I love to celebrate it with my dear people, who does not like to celebrate their day? Happy Birthday to you!!!
Glimmery Cloud
Have you ever seen pink clouds like @jelenapetrovicmua, full of dream and wonders? My heart becomes young with it!
Silver Flower
Want an upgrade of an elegant makeup look? Silver flowers will be a good choice. I just can’t help falling in love at first sight.
Sparkly Crease
Want to give your cut crease a sparkly upgrade? Put sequins on it and give it a sparkly statement.
Heart of Love
Red eyeshadow with hearts, so stunning! I know, my heart goes with her when I first saw her.
Shining Eyebrow
It’s really a good idea to put sequins on eyebrows, going perfectly with the eyeshadow. What’s your idea?
If you have tried them or would like to share your makeup look, please leave us a comment.
COMPARTIR:Fairbanks Gold Mining, Inc. is located in Fairbanks, AK, United States and is part of the Gold Silver Mining Industry. Fairbanks Gold Mining, Inc. has 360 total employees across all of its locations and generates $55.78 million in sales (USD). There are 40 companies in the Fairbanks Gold Mining, Inc. corporate family.Capstone Mining Corp. (“Capstone” or the “Company”) (TSX CS) is saddened to report that a fatal accident occurred at its Cozamin mine in Mexico on March 7, 2021. The isolated incident occurred underground and involved one of our contractor’s employees. The contractor was pinned by a rockfall from the drill face.
Barranco Gold Mining Corp. is a gold-focused exploration company advancing the King Gold Project in Canada’s newest gold district, the Spences Bridge Gold Belt. Barranco controls 3,200 hectares within seven 100 owned claims strategically located within this belt.Jul 25, 2004 All that glitters may be greenProject intends to make gold mining safe for the environment. July 25, 2004 Updated July 21, 2011 2 37 a.m. TADO, COLOMBIA - Dora Pino stoops silently, swirling mud.
Nov 18, 2013.Harmony Gold Mining Co Ltd. Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited is a gold-mining and exploration company which produces gold from its operations in South Africa and Papua New Guinea.May 23, 2021.
5 first cluster or the gold group consisted of Au, Mo, W, Re, B, Ta, Ce, Tl, Y and Be. Pathfinders for gold in the area under investigation were identified as Mo, W, Re, B, Ta, Ce, Tl, Y and Be. Twenty gold targets were identified including thirteen from Chirano North Gold project and seven from the Chirano Mining.
L $1.95 million in sales (USD). (Employees figure is estimated, Sales figure is modelled).The ASR Outdoor 21pc Deluxe Gold Panning Kit with Aluminum Folding Sluice Box is a comprehensive gold prospecting kit curated for intermediate or experienced gold miners. Covering all the bases from sorting and sifting, to extraction and storage, this complete deluxe gold mining kit will ensure that you’re well prepared for a successful panning excursion in the field.
Critical Strike Portable also known as CSP CS Portable CounterStrike Portable or and community made maps one example being a Minecraft based map. other endlessly to raise their kill count until someone achieves a gold medal.May 20, 2021.Canadian Mining Report provides mining companies, junior miners, gold mining stocks, uranium mining stocks, silver copper mining stocks latest mining news in Canada.
Portable used gold. cs cs por le gold mining.Sep 25, 2018 Comparison of Gold Mining and Bitcoin Mining. Bitcoin mining is the process by which transactions are verified and added to a public ledger, called blockchain, and new bitcoins are produced. It becomes harder as times goes by to ensure scarcity of the cryptocurrency.Jun 11, 2021 IMKA GOLD PROJECT. The Ministry of Environment and Forestry received a grant from Global Environment Facility (GEF) through United Nation Development Programme (UNDP) to implement the Integrated Sound Management of Mercury in Kenya (IMKA) Gold Project in Artisanal Small-Scale Gold Mining (ASGM). The project aims to demonstrate a pathway to.By among [Israel’s] critics.”
Dermer’s comments seemed shocking to many because he stated them in public to a reporter. But as a historian of the evangelical-Israeli relationship, I didn’t find them surprising. The Israeli right’s preference for working with conservative American evangelicals over more politically variable American Jews has been evident for years. And this preference has in many ways paid off.
Christian Zionism in the Trump era
American Christian Zionists are evangelicals who believe that Christians have a duty to support the Jewish state because the Jews remain God’s chosen people.
During the Trump years, Christian Zionists were crucial allies for former Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government. They helped Netanyahu lobby Trump for the relocation of the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, as well as the withdrawal of the U.S. from the “Iran Deal” – the international nuclear arms control agreement with Iran.
These evangelicals also backed Trump’s recognition of Israel’s 1981 annexation of the Golan Heights, as well as cuts of more than US$200 million to American funding for the Palestinian Authority in 2018.
Coming after this string of policy victories for the Israeli-evangelical alliance, Dermer’s comments made sense.
However, the alliance’s future may be in doubt. Recent polling shows dramatic declines in support for Israel among young American evangelicals. Scholars Motti Inbari and Kirill Bumin found that between 2018 and 2021, rates of support fell from 69% to 33.6% among evangelicals ages 18-29.
While these polls speak most immediately to the current context, they also underline a larger historical point: Evangelical support for Israel is neither permanent nor inevitable.
Southern Baptists and Israel
The Southern Baptist Convention – long the denominational avatar of white American evangelicalism – offers an example of how these beliefs have shifted over time, which I examine in my book “Between Dixie and Zion: Southern Baptists and Palestine before Israel.”
Southern Baptists are broadly supportive of Israel, and have been for much of the past half-century. Baptist leaders like W.A. Criswell and Ed McAteer helped organize Christian Zionism in the U.S. The Southern Baptist Convention itself has passed a number of pro-Israel resolutions in recent decades.
More recently, Southern Baptist support for Israel was highlighted when the Trump administration invited Robert Jeffress, pastor of the First Baptist Church in Dallas, to lead a prayer at the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem in 2018.
However, Southern Baptists were not always so unified in support for Israel, or the Zionist movement that led to its creation. This was evident only days after the establishment of Israel in 1948, when messengers to the convention’s annual meeting repeatedly and overwhelmingly voted down resolutions calling for the convention to send a congratulatory telegram to U.S. President – and fellow Southern Baptist – Harry Truman for being the first foreign leader to recognize the Jewish state.
Zionism was ‘God’s plan’ – unless it wasn’t
This seems shocking today, after years of seemingly unanimous evangelical support for Israel. However, as I document in my book, Southern Baptists had diverse views on Zionism and “the Palestine question” in the decades leading up to Israel’s birth. While some did argue that support for the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine was a Christian duty, others defended the Arab majority’s rights in the Holy Land.
During this era, the Southern Baptist Convention published books, pamphlets and other materials reflecting both sides. In 1936, its press published a work by missionary Jacob Gartenhaus, a convert from Judaism to evangelical Christianity, arguing that to be against Zionism was “to oppose God’s plan.” The following year, however, the press published a mission study manual by J. McKee Adams contending that “by every canon of justice and fair-play, the Arab is the man of first importance.”
Adams was one among a coterie of professors at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary who spoke out against what they sometimes derided as “Christian Zionism” – then an unusual term.
Even evangelicals who believed the Bible anticipated the return of Jews to Palestine disagreed on whether the Zionist movement was part of God’s plan.
The influential Baptist leader J. Frank Norris of Fort Worth, Texas, who broke away from the mainstream Southern Baptist Convention in the 1920s, argued in the 1930s and 1940s that Christians had a duty to God and civilization to support the Zionists.
But there was no widespread sense that being a Baptist – or an evangelical Protestant – entailed support for Zionism. John R. Rice, a prominent disciple of Norris’, rejected his mentor’s arguments outright. “The Zionist movement is not a fulfillment of the prophecies about Israel being restored,” Rice wrote in 1945. “Preachers who think so are mistaken.”
Regarding the political question of whether Arabs or Jews should control Palestine, most evangelicals were unconcerned. The Southern Baptists focused on other priorities in the Holy Land, such as the growth of their missions in Jerusalem and Nazareth. Even those Baptists who supported the establishment of a Jewish state did not organize politically around the issue.
The future of Christian Zionism
In the decades after the establishment of Israel, however, motivated evangelical and Jewish activists – as well as the Israeli government – worked to stitch together the interfaith relationships, build the institutions and spread the ideas underpinning today’s Christian Zionist movement. These efforts have been remarkably effective in making support for Israel a defining element of many evangelicals’ religious and political identities.
However, as the latest polling of young evangelicals shows, there is no guarantee this will be permanent. This diverse and globally connected generation of evangelicals has its own ideas and priorities. It is more interested in social justice, less invested in the culture wars and increasingly weary of conservative politics.
Young evangelicals remain to be convinced of Christian Zionism. And they very well may not be.
Walker Robins, Lecturer in History, Merrimack College
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
—
Bonus Video added by Informed Comment:
i24News English: “Dramatic Drop in Young Evangelicals’ Support for Israel — Here’s Why”Bio – Wakeman
Steven A. Wakeman
Practice Areas: Personal Injury Law; Medical Malpractice; Product Liability Law; Divorce; Business Litigation; Family Law.
Admitted: 1977, Illinois; 1980, U.S. Court of Appeals, Seventh Circuit
Law School: University of Illinois, J.D., cum laude, 1977
Undergraduate: Bradley University, B.A., summa cum laude, 1974
Member: Peoria County and Illinois State Bar Associations; Illinois Trial Lawyers Association; American Association for Justice; American Inns of Court, Abraham Lincoln Chapter (Emeritus).
Biography: Phi Kappa Phi. Member, National Moot Court Team. Law Clerk, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, Northern Division, 1977-1978.
Martindale-Hubbel: AV Preeminent 5.0 out of 5Finally a climate-friendly parcel service!
Thursday 05 Aug 2021
We are happy to announce our new collaboration with the green award-winning parcel service GLS. GLS reaches all major destinations within 2 to 4 days (depending on the distance), uses no air transport whatsoever, more and more electric vans and a fully climate-neutral recycling package. Our collaboration with DHL, that exclusively use air transport from Italy, has finally ended.
More articles...
CMYK full colour printing now possible
Thursday 20 Jun 2019
From today our printed textile labels will be available in CMYK full colour printing. The printing is realized with sublimation technique in HD quality. High resolution images and vector files in CMYK format can be uploded directly into the label configuration.
Complete website redesign is online
Saturday 30 Dec 2017
From today, our fully redesigned website is online. Besides a completely new design concept, the new site is now fully responsive and adapts itself to the device you're using. This will now enable our customers to configure and order all our products online from any computer, iPad, tablet PC and, of course, from an iPhone or any other smartphone.
Proudly presenting labeldesigner 2.1
.
330 new HD weaving yarn colours are online
Monday 11 Dec 2017
We finally managed to match all our HD weaving yarn colours with Pantone colours, so from today all 475 colours of the HD weaving yarn range can be chosen at the configuration of any woven product. The newly matched colours have also already been integrated in the weaving colours chart with large swatches.
Laser-engraved woven labels now configurable online
Wednesday 29 Nov 2017
Laser-engraved labels are something very particular and quite hard to explain, not to speak about configuring them online. From today it's possible anyway.
Thanks :-) to over 10,000 online customers
Monday 20 Nov 2017
This month labelpartners.com has passed the magic 10,000 web customers margin. Many thanks to all of you for your business! Have a wonderful and successful year 2018!Grammy
- Music
Flowking Stone – Grammys (Prod. By Chensee Beat)
Flowking stone is in a better position to tell us why Ghana missed out on tge Grammys. Just listen below.…Read More »
- News
Kanye West Urinates On Grammy Plaque
Another day, another series of alarming tweets from Kanye West. On Wednesday, West shared a video of what appears to…Read More »If we drive down the cost of transportation in space, we can do great things.
If we drive down the cost of transportation in space, we can do great things.
Truckload shipping is the primary mode of over-the-road trucking. It suggests transporting freight in quantities that fill an entire truck trailer. Depending on the shipment type, full truckload shipping has many modes and uses various trailer types, including:
24WeLoad developed 24WeLoad,:
24WeLoad’ web-based, proprietary transportation management system (TMS), 24WeLoad, allows you to quickly and easily manage your truckload shipping on one platform. Within seconds, our TMS lists all carriers available to move your load.
24WeLoad has an all-encompassing network of more than 45,000 pre-qualified carriers. The carriers in our network are regularly evaluated to ensure you receive the highest standard of safety and service. We complete a service-scorecard for each trucking company in our network
When you ship truckload freight with 24WeLoad, we’ll provide true cost savings, which means a free freight analysis, spot shipments, dedicated lanes, specialized freight movements on dry vans, flatbed, refrigerated trailers.Top rated trucks near Manassas, VAohammad was a great! Caris clean, great on gas mileage and customer service exceptional. Would definitely rent from again!
Very smooth and great luxury ride.. perfect and friendly greeting and handoff.. definitely recommend..
The vehicle was perfect. Just what we needed for our mini trip. Hussein was a pleasure to work with.
Simply the best. Owner and vehicle. Great combination. If you read this. Rent from Connor.
It was a pleasure dealing with Connor, he was very patient explaining everything to me about renting his car since it was my first time renting an all electric vehicle. He is a great host and definately would rent from him again.
Great communication and great host. Made the process really easy for my first time! The car was very clean and drove great! Thank you!
Kane presented good consistent communication and the rental was spotless. Will be rent his vehicles again in the future!
Top notch, Amazing first experience with using Turo! Excellent service from Donnell. This vehicle is a dream. We will definitely use this provider in the future👏🏼
This was my first Turo booking and it was a good experience. Kane’s car was totally sufficient for our needs and he was good with communication. Would rent with him in a heartbeat if we are back in this area.
Awesome experience, highly recommended! Connor was an excellent host, very responsive and the Mach-E was a great car to drive. No issues taking it for my trip.
Always very clean, very nice car to drive , reliable, good gas mileage, always a good experience from Kane
Josh was very flexible granting us more time and even an extension of a day due to some weather complications. Easy to work with and fast to respond. We are 1st time TURO's and will use the service again. Also, the car was nice... clean and ran well. no issues. We needed an AWD vehicle and it worked as advertised....Pattaya, Thailand
History
Pattaya's name was originally "Thap Phraya" meaning Army of the Phraya, commemorating the surrender of Nai Klom's army to Phraya Tak (later King Taksin the Great) without a fight. Thap Phraya later became known as Phatthaya, the name of the wind blowing southwest to the northeast at the beginning of the rainy season. Phatthaya (the true phonetic spelling) is now internationally known as Pattaya.
Beach in Pattaya by Khaosaming
Pattaya was a small backwater fishing village until the 1960s. During the Vietnam War, Pattaya became a popular recreational spot for American service members on leave from Vietnam. It initially began in 1959 with a small private
bungalow, where American officers on leave took turn to come and rest in
this sleepy village by the sea. Since then, Pattaya has grown and developed dramatically into
one of the world’s tourism hot spots. The opening of the Suvarnabhumi Airport (located east of Bangkok) in 2006 and the expressway to Pattaya has made visiting this seaside resort easier than ever.
Beach Road in Pattaya by Ilya Plekhanov
Pattaya is popular not only as a beach resort and its entertainment,
nightlife and shopping but also for the broad selection of activities it
caters to vacationers. Activities range from golf and horseback riding to bungee jumping, karting
and shooting. Not to mention the wide variety of water sports including
scuba diving, jet-skiing, sailing, water skiing, windsurfing and kite-surfing to name a few. The seaside resort is also popular as an international
conference, convention and seminar venue..When we were finally able to go back to school and resume semi-normal instruction, I had convinced myself that getting back into the groove of grinding for exams and having an impeccable work ethic would be muscle memory. However, I was mistaken and was quickly met with premature burnout and overwhelming stress. I had not realized how comfortable and routine online classes and exams were, so I was completely unprepared for in-person midterm season. And after experiencing it in its entirety, I now know that it’s important to avoid having unrealistic expectations for myself when adjusting to in-person exams.
I had not realized how much I missed the vibe of midterms season on campus. All students have a shared feeling of distress, and it’s hard to feel alone in that sense. Seeing everyone studying late with empty coffee cups or Yerba Mate cans littering the table gave me a sense of satisfaction knowing that things were going back to normal. But I was completely blindsided by how daunting midterms season actually was.
After two years of being disconnected from our professors and peers, many who were able to have in-person classes were thrown back into a normal lecture hall setting without any preparation but the summer before. Instead of phoning it in and logging onto a Zoom call five minutes before the start time, and having the luxury of most exams being open book, myself and many other UCR students had to fall back into the old routine of difficult, closed note exams.
All three of my classes for fall quarter were in-person, which meant that I had all of my midterm exams on campus. I underestimated how much time I needed to study for each exam and felt less confident after them compared to previous years. Being in lockdown completely killed my attention span, so it was hard for me to sit still and focus in a class for 1 hour and 20 minutes 一 let alone take an exam. I was so used to having exams with no time limit and being able to get up and do something else during a Zoom lecture that I forgot to manage my time, and as a result, I overworked myself to the point of premature burnout.
My biggest takeaway from this experience is to definitely learn how to space out study sessions and give myself more breaks. I also learned that I should not be so hard on myself when it comes to in-person midterm seasons. Many students probably share this same experience, so it’s important to remind everyone that mental health and rest is what matters the most. Going back to in-person instruction is an adjustment that takes time for everyone, and it’ll take some time until everyone is comfortable again. However, I have no doubt that everyone will be crushing it by finals season!Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
The City of Attleboro is soliciting qualification packages for professional designer services, per M.G.L. 7c, §§ 44-57, for design and construction phases associated with Gymnasium Flooring Replacement at two (2) Elementary Schools within the City. The subject properties are located at:
• Hyman Fine Elementary School – 790 Oak Hill Avenue
• Hill Roberts Elementary School – 80 Roy Avenue
The estimated total not to exceed project budget (inclusive of design and contruction phases) is anticipated to be approximately $870,000. Funding for the project is in hand.
Deadline for submission of proposals is November 10, 2021 prior to 1:00pm local time.3DHomeMedia Terms of services
We are a dedicated architectural visualization.
By using the 3DHomeMedia.
1) The company of 3DHomeMedia.
2) 3DHomeMedia will provide images based on the client’s plans and instructions. All still renders will be created quickly and dependent on the quantity ordered will be provided back to the client within around 3 to 5 days of ordering. Animations, due to their complexity will take a little longer, approximately 2 to 3 weeks from commencement. Please be mindful that 3DHomeMedia will not accept liability nor be held responsible for any perceived loss caused to the client as a result of misrepresentation or for any delays arising in the delivery of the renders. 3DHomeMedia’s liability to the client for breach of contract or negligence is limited to the replacement value only. 3DHomeMedia, without limitation is not liable for consequential loss or damages however arising. 3DHomeMedia is to be indemnified by the client for all claims arising from unlawful use of material supplied by the client in the production of the product or service.
3) Residential Rendering: The client acknowledges 3DHomeMedia will not commence the work until confirmation of full payment into our account is received. The design process starts immediately upon order. We do NOT OFFER REFUNDS after orders are placed. This includes rendering that are in process or that have been completed and/ or delivered.
Commercial & Multifamily Rendering: 3DHomeMedia reserves the right to suspend work subject to any additional charges being paid. The design process starts immediately upon order. We do NOT OFFER REFUNDS after orders are placed. This includes rendering that are in process or that have been completed and/ or delivered.
4) Residential Rendering: Once the render is complete it will be proofed. Any errors will be addressed. If you are a client and we have visualized your home, you receive One Free Material/Color Revision. That said, Material/Color revisions include: Doors/windows color & style, garage door color and style, lighting, landscape style, paint color, trim color, hardscape style (driveway or walkway), cladding & siding changes such as: stone to brick/ brick to stone or changing stone to different color, material or style, etc. If structural changes are requested, we may need to provide a quote beyond the nominal change fee.
Commercial & Multifamily: 3DHomeMedia will complete all work, from modeling,.
5) After we receive your changes & comments on the first draft, final rendering will be provided within 2 to 3 business days for residential & 3 to 7 days for commercial renderings.
6).
7).
8) By submitting information to 3DHomeMedia, including photos, digital files, blueprints, architectural renderings, or other data, you agree that 3DHomeMedia can use such data in connection with its business including for marketing purposes as well as on social media (Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, etc.) and blog content. We take care to never divulge the location of your home or name. You also confirm that all photos, digital files, blueprints, architectural renderings, and other data submitted to 3DHomeMedia are original and will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third party, and correct permission has been granted by the homeowner, architect, firm, builder, or other owner of such data sufficient to allow 3DHomeMedia to use such data in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.
9) 3DHomeMedia. Final rendering may be adjusted for exposure, brightness, sharpness, etc. at the discretion of 3DHomeMedia. 3DHomeMedia suggests testing and getting samples of recommendations, as the design may not reflect the color in your environment.
Acceptance of these Terms and Conditions is acknowledged through any payment of monies relating to this quotation.- Apple currently offers seven different iPhones.
- And if you’re in the market for a new phone, the latest and greatest may not be the right choice for you.
- I’ve tried every iPhone currently available. Here’s which one I’d recommend and why.
- Visit Business Insider’s homepage for more stories.:
I’ve tried every single iPhone currently available — here’s my ranking of the 7 iPhones you can buy right now
I’ve tried every single iPhone currently available — here’s my ranking of the 7 iPhones you can buy right now
Mehr aus dem Netz
7. iPhone 8 Plus
Hollis Johnson/Business Insider
6. iPhone XS Max
Hollis Johnson/Business Insider
5. iPhone 8
Hollis Johnson/Business Insider
4. iPhone 7
Hollis Johnson/Business Insider
3. iPhone XS
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
2. iPhone 7 Plus
Lucy Nicholson/Reuters
1. iPhone XR
Stephen Lam/ReutersToday is the day we should all be getting ready to get on a plane straight to Russia in order to find out more about the new addition to the CloudGuide community! We land in Moscow, the capital of the country, the most populated city, and, the native home of the Multimedia Art Museum.
Devoted to new forms of visual expression (especially contemporary art, photography and new media) this museum was among the first to be opened twenty-three years ago in Russia, with a stated focus in this field.
In the space of eight floor visitors can find the archive room of the museum, a collection consisting of over 80 thousand pictures (including the negatives and prints) and of course, the museum that displays both Russian and foreign innovative artists. To get a better idea let’s turn our attention to the exhibitions currently on display.
Until the 12th of May it will be possible for visitors to enjoy both the art of the American photographer Alex Prager with his work “Compulsion” as well as the exhibition ‘ Dreaming. Pirelli Calendar 2019’ by Albert Watson, author of the calendar’s 46th edition as a part of the XI Moscow International Biennnale ‘Fashion and Style in Photography 2019’.
This slick and modern gallery houses on average 3 – 4 exhibitions simultaneously. The great thing is that visitors can enjoy the likes of not only contemporary artists but also photographic art by 20th century artists such as Vladimir Yakovlev and Oscar .
If you are just as intrigued as us about the variety and collection of the Multimedia Art Museum, then the only solution is to physically go and visit it yourself. And while your’re there, why not send home the coolest postcard through the CloudGuide App!The Journal of the American Taxation Association 15(1), pp. 72-93.
ISSN/ISBN: Not available at this time. DOI: Not available at this time.
There are no links available at this time.
Abstract: In this study we provide new evidence on "secondary evasion," the phenomenon associated with the clustering of tax returns at the top of the $50 tax table brackets. Based on data from 1979-86 we find that this phenomenon persists over time, under different table structures, and over a larger range of income than previously studied. We also examine the association of this phenomenon with several tax policy variables and certain taxpayer characteristics. Based on regression models estimated with longitudinal data, we find a positive effect for marginal tax rates and opportunity, and a negative association with income and age.
Bibtex:
@article{,
author={Christian,Charles W. and Gupta,Sanjay},
year={1993},
month={Spring},
title={New evidence on "secondary evasion"},
journal={The Journal of the American Taxation Association},
volume={15},
number={1},
pages={72--93},
}
Reference Type: Journal Article
Subject Area(s): AccountingItem Number: JOINTAIDD
Joint Aid for Dogs is a high specification joint supplement with glucosamine for dogs, designed to aid freedom of movement. Plus Muscle Maintenance to support muscular structure and activity.
Benefits
Benefits of Feeding Joint Aid for Dogs Joint Supplement
Maintains flexibility of movement in all working and pet unique Oatinol™ Delivery System to maintain a high rate of nutrient absorption.
Contains high levels of Omega 3 to support optimum health and performance.
100% wheat free.
A 100% Non GM, soya free formulation.
Manufactured to Universal Feed Assurance Scheme (UFAS) standards as palatable and easy-to-feed 2mm pellets.
Nutricines
Contains 22 Active Nutraceuticals
Nutraceuticals are nutritional substances that provide additional health benefits. Through the addition of the following nutraceuticals, Joint Aid provides a complementary support for all dogs.
Amino Acids (x 5)
High levels of 5 particular dietary amino acids, essential for the production of muscle tissue.
Chondroitin
Chondroitin is essential for the resilience of cartilage. It maintains normal enzymatic activity and water holding capacity to provide healthy resistance to compression.
Collagen Matrix
Collagen possesses great tensile strength and provides the framework that gives tissues their firmness and resilience. It is essential for connecting and supporting the bones, tendons, muscles and cartilage.
Curcumin
Curcumin is the active ingredient of the spice, turmeric. It is a natural and powerful antioxidant and supports the normal anti-inflammatory action of the body in conjunction with vitamins: C and E and selenium.
Glucosamine
Glucosamine gives cartilage its structure and shock absorbing qualities. It is involved in the formation of cartilage, tendons, skin, bone and ligaments.
Glutamic Acid
Glutamic Acid is a natural flavour enhancer and an important nutritional support for natural gut health during times of stress..
Piperine Black Pepper Extract
Supports the retention in the metabolism of some active nutraceuticals e.g. curcumin.
Trace Minerals (x3)
Provides selenium, manganese and magnesium to help maintain low levels of muscle reaction to work.
Vitamin C
Vitamin C is essential for the production of collagen in the body that forms the matrix of connective tissues in mammals. It directly affects the level of tissue growth and development and the maintenance of the body's immune system.
Vitamin E
A natural antioxidant and essential for the health of reproductive, muscular, circulatory and
Joint Aid for Dogs can be fed to all dogs from any age at the ‘General Maintenance’ level to maintain freedom of movement and muscle condition throughout their lives.
For elderly and working dogs or those showing reduced muscle mass, Joint Aid for Dogs is recommended to be fed at the ‘Full Support’ level.
Simply mix with your dog's normal feed.
Can be fed to all dogs regardless of age, size or level of exercise.
For continued support, Joint Aid is recommended to be fed on a daily basis.
Ingredients
Analytical Constituents
24% Crude Protein, 9% Crude Fat, 12% Crude Fibre, 9% Crude Ash, 20% Starch, 2% Sugar, 1.5% Calcium, 0.4% Phosphorus, 0.2% Sodium, 0.15% Magnesium. ?
Composition
Black Oats, Hemp Seed Meal, Maize Gluten (Prairie) Meal, 5% Vegetable Oils & Fat (Oatinol), 2% Glucosamine, 1% Chondroitin, 1% MSM (Methylsulfonymethane), 0.5% Curcumin, 0.5% Collagen Matrix, 100mg/kg Piperine Pepper Extract.
Nutritional Additives
Vitamins (/kg): 33340iu Vitamin A (3a672a Retinyl Acetate), 5000iu Vitamin D3 (3a671 Cholecalciferol), 2500mg Vitamin E (3a700 Alpha Tocopherol), 8000mcg Biotin (3a880), 400mg Vitamin B6 (3a831), 3000mcg Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin), 24mg Folic acid (3a316), 1000mg Vitamin C (3a300 Ascorbic Acid); Trace Elements (/kg): 240mg Manganese (3b507 Dimanganous Chloride Trihydroxide), 1mg Selenium (3b815 L-Selenomethionine); Flavour Enhancers (/kg): 10gm L-Glutamic acid (2b620); Amino Acids: 2.5% Lysine, 2.15% Leucine, 1.75% Arginine, 1% Valine, 0.75% Isoleuc.
Only 4 stars due to my girls on going health. So far her joints seem less troublesome for her.
Reviewed by: Sheila Jones
Reviewed on: 18 January 2019
Product Variant: JOINTAIDD 500G
Good value, compared prices on other sites this was better price
Reviewed by: Sarah Parkin
Reviewed on: 13 June 2018
Product Variant: JOINTAIDD 500G
Seem to help old dog who does not have severe arthritis
Reviewed on: 07 September 2017
Product Variant: JOINTAIDD 500G
I have tried numerous things for our old Labrador who has stiff joints. Stuff from the vet and off the shelf, nothing seemed to work. Joint Aid has worked so well. He is moving so much better and he is so happy.
Reviewed on: 29 June 2017
Product Variant: JOINTAIDD 500G
has made a noticable improvement to my 15 year old dog who was already on yumove advance
Reviewed on: 13 June 2017
Product Variant: JOINTAIDD 500G
YuMOVE Adult Joint Supplements for Dogs
YuMOVE Adult is a clinically proven, triple-action joint supplement for dogs that aids stiff joints, helps mobility and supports joint structure.
Item #: YUMOVE PK120
From £27.29 inc. VAT
Royal Canin Veterinary Canine Senior Consult Mature Small
Royal Canin Veterinary Health Nutrition Canine Mature Consult Small Dog is ideal for mature small breed dogs under 10kgs over 8 years of age (ideally after a senior health check).
Item #: RCVCSCMSD 15KG
From £9.99
NAF Five Star Superflex LiquidUPL 500ML
From £16.35 inc. VATExecution by firing squad (Redirected from Firing squad)
Execution by firing squad, in the past sometimes called fusillading[1] (from the French fusil, rifle),. Usually, all members of the group are instructed to fire simultaneously, thus preventing both disruption of the process by a single member and identification of the member who fired the lethal shot. To avoid disfigurement due. Media portrayals have frequently shown the condemned being offered a final cigarette as well. Executions can be carried out with the condemned either standing or sitting. There is a tradition in some jurisdictions that such executions are carried out at first light or at sunrise. This gave rise to the phrase "shot at dawn".
Execution by firing squad is distinct from other forms of execution by firearms, such as an execution by shooting to the back of the head or neck. However, the single shot by the squad's officer with a pistol (coup de grâce) is sometimes incorporated in a firing squad execution, particularly if the initial volley turns out not to be immediately fatal. Before the introduction of firearms, bows or crossbows were often used—Saint Sebastian is usually depicted as executed by a squad of Roman auxiliary archers in around AD 288; King Edmund the Martyr of East Anglia, by some accounts, was tied to a tree and executed by Viking archers on 20 November 869 or 870.
Military significance
The method is often the supreme punishment or disciplinary means employed by military courts for crimes such as cowardice, desertion, espionage, murder, mutiny, or treason.
If the condemned prisoner is an ex-officer who is acknowledged to have shown bravery in their past career, they may be accorded.
Blank cartridge
Sometimes, one or more members of the firing squad may be issued a weapon containing a blank cartridge.[2][3] In such cases, members of the firing squad are not told beforehand whether or not afterwards that he did or did not personally fire a fatal shot[4]—for this reason, it is sometimes referred to as the "conscience round".
According to Pte. W. A. Quinton, who served in the British Army during the First World War and had the experience of serving, one rifleman may be given a "dummy" cartridge containing a wax bullet instead of a lead bullet, which provides a more realistic recoil.[6]
By country
Belgium
On 12 October 1915 a British nurse Edith Cavell was executed by a German firing squad at the Tir national shooting range at Schaerbeek after.
Chile
Following the military overthrow of the democratically elected government of Salvador Allende in 1973, Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet initiated a series of war tribunal trials against leftist people around the country. During the first months after his coup against democracy, hundreds of unarmed people were killed by firing squads and summary executions.
Cuba months following the triumph of the Cuban Revolution in 1959, soldiers of the Batista government were executed by firing squad.[11]
Denmark
A total of 46 people were executed between 1946 and 1950 following the addition of the National Traitor Act to the Penal Code, which reintroduced the death penalty in Denmark. The last death penalty in Denmark was executed on 20 July 1950 upon Ib Birkedal Hansen, who was convicted of treason as a result of his work as a Gestapo interrogator and torture executioner. The death penalty in the Penal Code was abolished in 1951.
Finland
The death penalty was widely used during and after the Finnish Civil War (January–May 1918); some 9,700 Finns and an unknown number of Russian volunteers on Red side were executed during the war or in its aftermath.[12] Most executions were carried out by firing squads after the sentences were given by illegal or semi-legal courts martial. Only some 250 persons were sentenced to death in courts acting on legal authority.[13] tried by court-martial. Usually the executions were carried out by the regimental military police platoon, or by the local military police in the case of spies. One Finn, Toivo Koljonen, was executed for a civilian crime (six murders). Most executions occurred in 1941 and during the Soviet Summer Offensive in 1944. The last death sentences were given in 1945 for murder, but later commuted to life imprisonment.[13]
The death penalty was abolished by Finnish law in 1949 for crimes committed during peacetime, and in 1972 for all crimes.[14] Finland is party to the Optional protocol of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, forbidding the use of the death penalty in all circumstances.[15]
France
Pte. Thomas Highgate was the first British soldier to be convicted of desertion and executed by firing squad in September 1914 at Tournan-en-Brie during World War I. In October 1916 Pte..[16][17]
On 15 October 1917 Dutch exotic dancer Mata Hari was executed by a French firing squad at Château de Vincennes castle in the town of Vincennes after being convicted of spying for Germany during World War I.[18] arrested. On 18 October 1944 they were found guilty of espionage by a U.S. military commission and sentenced to death.[19] On 11 November 1944 they were shot in the garden of a farmhouse at Toul. The footage of Wende's execution[20] as well as Kortas's[21] is shown in these links.[22]
On 31 January 1945, U.S. Army Pvt. Edward "Eddie" Slovik was executed by firing squad for desertion near the village of Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines. He was the first American soldier executed for such offense since the American Civil War.
On 15 October 1945 Pierre Laval, the puppet leader of Nazi-occupied Vichy France, was executed by firing squad at Fresnes Prison in Paris for treason.[23][24]
On 11 March 1963 Jean Bastien-Thiry was the last person to be executed by firing squad for a failed attempt to assassinate French president Charles de Gaulle.[25][circular reference]
Indonesia
Execution by firing squad is the capital punishment method used in Indonesia. The following persons were executed (reported by BBC World Service) by firing squad on 29 April 2015 following convictions for drug offences: two Australians, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, the Ghanaian Martin Anderson, the Indonesian Zainal Abidin bin Mgs Mahmud Badarudin, three Nigerians: Raheem Agbaje Salami, Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise and Okwudili Oyatanze, as well as Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte.
In 2006 Fabianus Tibo, Dominggus da Silva and Marinus Riwu were executed. Nigerian drug smugglers Samuel Iwachekwu Okoye and Hansen Anthoni Nwaolisa were executed in June 2008 in Nusakambangan Island.]
Ireland]
Following the Anglo-Irish Treaty, a split in the government and the Dail led to a Civil War during which the Free State Government sanctioned the executions by firing squad of 81 persons. Included in those numbers were some prominent prisoners who were executed without trial as reprisals. in the last days of World War Two.[33]
On 1 December 1945 Anton Dostler, the first German general to be tried for war crimes, was executed by a U.S. firing squad in Aversa after being found guilty by a U.S. military tribunal.
Malta
Firing squads were used during the French and British occupation of Malta.[34] Ringleaders of rebellions were often shot dead by firing squad during the French period, with perhaps the most notable examples being Dun Mikiel Xerri and other patriots in 1799.
The British also used the practice briefly, and for the last time in 1813, when two men were shot separately outside the courthouse after being convicted of failing to report their infection of plague to the authorities.[34]
Mexico
During the Mexican Independence War, several Independentist generals (such as Miguel Hidalgo and José María Morelos) were executed by Spanish firing squads.[35] Also, Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico and several of his generals were executed in the Cerro de las Campanas after the Juaristas took control of Mexico in 1867.[35], who survived being shot ten times—once at point-blank range—because he fought under Pancho Villa.[35] After these events, the death sentence was reduced to some events in Article 22 of the Mexican Constitution; however, in 1917 capital punishment was abolished completely.[36]
Netherlands
During the Nazi occupation in people were executed publicly as reprisal. Rauter himself was executed near Scheveningen on 12 January 1949, following his conviction for war crimes. Anton Mussert, a Dutch Nazi leader, was sentenced to death by firing squad and executed in the dunes near The Hague on 7 May 1946.[37]
While under Allied guard in Amsterdam, and five days after the capitulation of Nazi Germany, two German Navy deserters were shot by a firing squad composed of other German prisoners kept in the Canadian-run prisoner-of-war camp. The men were lined up against the wall of an air raid shelter near an abandoned Ford Motor Company assembly plant in the presence of Canadian military.[38]
Nigeria
Nigeria executed criminals who committed armed robberies—such as Ishola Oyenusi, Lawrence Anini and Monday Osunbor—as well as military officers convicted of plotting coups against the government, such as Buka Suka Dimka and Maj. Gideon Orkar, by firing squad. It is still being used to this day.
Norway
Vidkun Quisling, the leader of the collaborationist Nasjonal Samling Party and of Norway during the German occupation in World War II, was sentenced to death for treason and was executed by firing squad on 24 October 1945 at the Akershus Fortress.[39]
Philippines
Jose Rizal was executed by firing squad on the morning of 30 December 1896, in what is now Rizal Park, where his remains have since been placed.[40].[41]
Romania
Nicolae Ceaușescu was executed by firing squad alongside his wife while singing[42] the Communist Internationale following a show trial, bringing an end to the Romanian Revolution, on Christmas Day, 1989.
Russia / USSR practice. It became especially widely used during the Great Purge.[43]
Saudi Arabia
Executions in Saudi Arabia are usually carried out by beheading; however, at times other methods have been used. Al-Beshi, a Saudi executioner, has said that he has conducted some executions by shooting.[44][45] Mishaal bint Fahd bin Mohammed Al Saud, a Saudi princess, was also executed in the same way.[46][47][48]
South Africa
Australian soldiers Harry "Breaker" Morant and Peter Handcock were executed by a British firing squad in the South African Republic on 27 February 1902 for war crimes during the Second Boer War.
United Arab Emirates
In the United Arab Emirates, firing squad is the preferred method of execution.[49]
United Kingdom
Execution by firing squad in the United Kingdom was limited to times of war, armed insurrection and in the military, although it is now outlawed in all circumstances, along with all other forms of capital punishment.
The Tower of London was used during both World Wars for executions.
During World War I, 11 captured German spies were shot between 1914 and 1916, nine on the Tower's rifle range and two in the Tower Ditch. All of these spies were buried in East London Cemetery, in Plaistow, London.[50] On 15 August 1941, German Cpl. Josef Jakobs was shot for espionage during World War II, the last person to be executed at the Tower.
The United States Army took over Shepton Mallet prison in Somerset in 1942, renaming it Disciplinary Training Center No.1 and housing troops convicted of offences across Europe. There were eighteen executions at the prison, two of them by firing squad for murder: Pvt. Alexander Miranda on 30 May 1944 and Pvt. Benjamin Pygate on 28 November 1944. Locals complained about the noise, as the executions took place in the prison yard at 1:00am..[16][17] The Shot at Dawn Memorial was erected at Staffordshire to honour these soldiers. In August 2006 it was announced that 306 of these soldiers would receive posthumous pardons.[51]
United States
In the American Civil War, 433 of the 573 men executed (186 of the 267 executed by the Union Army and 247 of the 306 executed by the Confederate Army) were shot by a firing squad.[citation needed]
In 1913, Andriza Mircovich became the first and only inmate in Nevada to be executed by shooting.[52] After the warden of Nevada State Prison could not find five men to form a firing squad,[53] a shooting machine was built to carry out Mircovich's execution.[54]
John W. Deering allowed an electrocardiogram recording of the effect of gunshot wounds on his heart during his 1938 execution by firing squad,[55] and afterwards his body was donated to the University of Utah School of Medicine, at his request.
Since 1960 there have been four executions by firing squad, all in Utah: The 1960 execution of James W. Rodgers, Gary Gilmore's execution in 1977, and John Albert Taylor in 1996, who chose a firing squad for his execution, according to The New York Times, "to make a statement that Utah was sanctioning murder".[56] However, a 2010 article for the British newspaper The Times quotes Taylor justifying his choice because he did not want to "flop around like a dying fish" during a lethal injection.[57].[58]
Execution by firing squad was banned in Utah in 2004, but as the ban was not retroactive;[59] three inmates on Utah's death row have the firing squad set as their method of execution.[60] Idaho banned execution by firing squad in 2009,[61] temporarily leaving Oklahoma as the only state in the union utilizing this method of execution (and only as a secondary method).
Reluctance by drug companies to see their drugs used to kill people has led to a shortage of the commonly used lethal injection drugs.[62][63] In March 2015, Utah enacted legislation allowing for execution by firing squad if the drugs they use are unavailable.[64] Several other states are also exploring a return to the firing squad.[65]
Justice Sonia Sotomayor argued in Arthur v. Dunn (2017): "In addition to being near instant, death by shooting may also be comparatively painless. [...] And historically, the firing squad has yielded significantly fewer botched executions."[66]
In February 2019, South Carolina's Senate voted 26–13 in favor of a revived proposal to bring back the electric chair and add firing squads to its execution options.[67]
See also
Notes and references
- ^ "fusilade". Oxford English Dictionary (Online ed.). Oxford University Press. (Subscription or participating institution. Gas operated actions such as recoil depend on a high pressure state that only exists when the gas is trapped between the breech and the moving projectile. As there is no bullet in the blank, the recoil is greatly reduced.
- ^ Westcott, Kathryn (June 18, 2010). "How and why Gardner was shot". BBC News.
- ^ a b Pallud, p. 15
- ^ "HD Stock Video Footage - Military police execute German spies in Belgium". Criticalpast.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ "Brazilian Laws - the Federal Constitution - Individual and collective rights and duties". V-brazil.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^.
- ^ War Victims of Finland 1914–1922 at the Finnish National Archives
- ^ a b "Yliopisto-lehti". Helsingin yliopisto. June 6, 2016. Archived from the original on March 20, 2007.
- ^ Kuolemantuomio kuolemantuomiolle at Statistics Finland (in Finnish)
- ^ "FINLEX ® - Valtiosopimukset viitetietokanta: 7/1976". Finlex.fi. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ a b The Shot at Dawn Campaign Archived 2008-08-27 at the Wayback Machine". History.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^". Criticalpast.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ "HD Stock Video Footage - German spy Stephan Kortas is executed by Military Policemen and is carried away covered in white sheet in Toul France". Criticalpast.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ David Kahn (June 2000). Hitler's Spies: German Military Intelligence In World War II. Da Capo Press; 1 edition. p. 504 and 505. ISBN 0-3068-0949-4.
- ^ "Vichy leader executed for treason - Oct 15, 1945". History.com. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ "Pierre Laval : Biography". 3 September 2013. Archived from the original on 3 September 2013. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ "Judicial follow up of the assassination attempt of Petit-Clamart". fr.wikipedia.org. Retrieved 10 April 2019.
- ^ Agus Maryono and Suherdjoko (June 28, 2008). "Nigerian drug smugglers buried a day after execution". The Jakarta Post.
- ^ "Bali bomb burials stoke tensions". BBC News. November 9, 2008. Retrieved March 27, 2010.
- ^ "British grandmother Lindsay Sandiford appeals Indonesia death sentence". Telegraph. 2013-02-11..
- ^ "Fury as Indonesia executes foreigners by firing squad". AFP. 2015-01-18. Retrieved 2015-01-18.
- ^ English, R. Irish Freedom, (London, 2006), p. 264-276.
- ^ "BBC - History - Historic Figures: Benito Mussolini (1883-1945)". Bbc.co.uk. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ a b Attard, Edward (2002). Il-Piena Kapitali f'Malta u Pajjiżi Oħra (in Maltese). San Gwann, Malta: BDL Publishing. pp. 161–172. ISBN 978-99909-72-12-2. OCLC 254597108. Archived from the original on 2017-08-19.
- ^ a b c Known history of the Mexican Revolution
- ^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved 2008-11-03.CS1 maint: archived copy as title (link)
- ^ "Dutch Nazi Executed," Amarillo Globe, May 7, 1946, p.1.
- ^ Chris Madsen (August 2006). "Victims of Circumstance" (PDF). Canadian Military History. Scholars.wlu.ca (CanadianMilitaryHistory.ca reprint). 2: Iss. 1, Article 8. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-02-04 – via Internet Archive. See: 13 May 1945 German deserter execution in Wikipedia.
- ^". The Guardian.
- ^ Hubbard, Ben (18 October 2016). "Saudi Arabia Executes a Prince Convicted in a Fatal Shooting". Nytimes.com.
- ^ Laube, Lydia (1 January 1991). Behind the Veil: An Australian Nurse in Saudi Arabia. Wakefield Press. ISBN 9781862542679 – via Google Books.
- ^ Weston, Mark (28 July 2008). Prophets and Princes: Saudi Arabia from Muhammad to the Present. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 9780470182574 – via Google Books.
- ^ "Saudi Arabia Carries Out Largest Mass Execution Since 1980". Eurasiareview.com. 4 January 2016. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
- ^ United Arab Emirates (UAE): Death penalty, Archived October 14, 2007, at the Wayback Machine Amnesty International (Urgent Action), April 3, 2002.
- ^ "5 vulnerabilities to eliminate to protect your home from burglars". Archived from the original on 2010-04-12. Retrieved 2010-04-13.
- ^ "Pardoned: the 306 soldiers shot at dawn for 'cowardice'". The Telegraph.
- ^ "Nevada State Prison Inmate Case Files: Andriza Mircovich". Nevada State Library and Archives. Archived from the original on April 6, 2010. Retrieved November 8, 2010.
- ^ "No One To Shoot Murderer" (PDF). The New York Times. August 12, 1912. Retrieved November 9, 2010.
- ^ Cafferata, Patty (June 2010). "Capital Punishment Nevada Style". Nevada Lawyer. State Bar of Nevada. Archived from the original on July 18, 2010., U.S. Supreme Court Docket Number 16-602, Dissent by Justice Sonia Sotomayor, Part IV, section C (Supreme Court of the United States 21 February 2017).Text
- ^ "S 176 General Bill".. South Carolina General Assembly. Retrieved 2020-06-14.
Further reading
-New product feature release 1 of 3
Over the past few months, we have been working hard on creating and releasing features that improve user experience and increase accuracy when it comes to our occupancy metric. This post explains the first of three product feature releases, namely our propriety in and out tracking.
Footfall made easy
Many of our customers have the same need; they want to know how many people have entered or exited specific areas in their premises. In response, we created unique logics that are custom configurable and extremely accurate. The user can indicate which doorways, areas, and entry points they would like to have in and out metrics for. Our system works as long there is a camera pointing towards the point for which you want an in and out metric for. This removes the need for sensors to track footfall, empowering you to use your existing security cameras for a new function.
Need Help?
Interested in learning more about Lanthorn.ai? Contact us at sales@lanthorn.ai/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/67708982/rainbow_six_outbreak_e1560203333251.0.jpg)
Due to COVID-19, Ubisoft has pushed back two of its upcoming titles: Far Cry 6 and Rainbow Six Quarantine.
According to Ubisoft’s earning call for the first half of 2020-2021, the studio has run into some snags due to the pandemic. The news release nonchalantly mentions that Ubisoft will now release Far Cry 6 and Rainbow Six Quarantine in its next fiscal year, which runs from 2021 into 2022. While we don’t have a concrete release date for either game, we know we won’t see them prior to April 2021.
Ubisoft announced Rainbow Six Quarantine at E3 last year. The spinoff is reminiscent of Rainbow Six: Siege’s special Outbreak mode, which has a Left 4 Dead vibe, despite the base game’s realistic tone. Ubisoft originally announced Quarantine as a 2020 game.
Far Cry 6 stars Giancarlo Esposito as dictator Anton Castillo. It takes place in the fictional country of Yara, set in the Caribbean. It was originally slated for Feb. 18, 2021.
Despite the setback, Ubisoft still has a pretty massive Q3 and Q4 in its current fiscal year, with Watch Dogs: Legion’s recent launch and Assassin’s Creed: Valhalla, Just Dance 2021, and Immortals: Fenyx Rising only a few weeks away. The Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time remake will also land in early 2021, with Riders Republic coming slightly later in February.Having just gone through my own wedding planning process and having planned so many weddings for other couples, I can attest to the number of decisions that a couple must make in preparation for their big day. So many choices! Wedding attire is obviously a big deal (and I've written about it at length here on the blog). But when it comes to the younger members of your bridal party, how do you dress them? For the little men, it's easy enough to rent a suit or tux; but the parents of the young ladies typically find the need to buy a dress.
I've had many brides tell me that they either buy a dress deeply reduced (that they don't love) or try to plan ahead and pick something out around Easter time when many white dresses are in stores. But this isn't always an option and many parents don't want to buy a dress their daughter will likely wear one time and subsequently end up in the “playing dress up” chest.
A solution to this dilemma can be found at Flower Girl Closet. I recently heard about this ingenious idea and I am sharing it with all of my brides! The Flower Girl Closet is an online “boutique” that rents flower girl dresses. The Closet is the brainchild of owner Jessica Marcy, a mom of two girls, who were recenty asked to be in weddings. Jessica was hesitant to purchase a big dress that would take up room in the closet. (We all know how closet space is so important!) So Jessica teamed up with dressmaker Carolyn Fuller King who, working in her studio in Delmar, NY, designs and makes all of the dresses.
The dresses come in classic styles and standard kid sizes. The prices range from $65 to $95 and shipping is included both ways! All dresses are made of materials that will clean up well and dry clean easily, too (so don't worry if that chocolate cake or butter gets on to dress). Jessica recommends renting at least three weeks in advance of your wedding (especially in the Fall)!
Check out some of the adorable dresses available for rent from the Flower Girl Closet below and on their website!
So cute! How did you / will you dress your flower girl? Would you rent a dress? Let me know in the comments!
Keep sparkling–The amount of police resources spent on road safety in West Yorkshire is still “not enough” to meet targets, according to one of the force’s most senior officers.
Ed Chesters, chief superintendent for West Yorkshire Police’s operational support division, told a meeting that while resources were depleted for road policing in West Yorkshire, budget pressures had led to some other forces to scrapping the division altogether.
The comments came during a discussion at Leeds City Council’s Infrastructure Scrutiny Board, which is set to hold an inquiry into the number of people killed and seriously injured (known as KSI figures) on roads in and around Leeds.
For more West Yorkshire crime news click here
Chair of the committee Coun Paul Truswell (Lab) said: “Up to 2010, the KSI figures were reducing, targets were based on that reduction.
“Since 2010, the figures have at best plateaued and, at worst, have increased. There is now quite a gulf between the targets we set ourselves and the actual reality.”
Ch Supt Chesters told the meeting: “West Yorkshire, compared to other forces across the UK, did see the sense in retaining roads policing resource.
“There are other forces across the country who, because of resource and demand conflict, decided to dispense with roads policing specialists and are suffering significant issues as a result of that.
“West Yorkshire were prescient enough to retain resources in that sphere. I personally don’t think there are enough, if I’m being blunt.
“I could talk thorough the deployment pattern for today – we have some, but I don’t think it’s sufficient for what we are trying to achieve.”
He said that preventative measures were needed in order to stop people from getting into situations in which getting killed or seriously injured on the road was likely.
He added: “We are very clear that a 12-year-old on a quad bike motoring around an estate clearly is a potential KSI statistic of future weeks and months.
“So we do come back to the partnership effort to intervene early, so we can hopefully prevent rather than react.”
Statistics set out in a report published by Leeds City Council showed a three per cent fall in KSI numbers in Leeds in 2019, compared with the average from 2014-2018. This was much smaller than in the other West Yorkshire districts, which ranged from 13 to 21 per cent.
Coun Bob Gettings (Ind) argued that, while the public understood the police had more serious crimes to deal with than antisocial motorists, there was a perception that the issue was often not being dealt with at all.
He said: “It is a matter of perception. People don’t understand why police, after they have been called away to deal with something more urgent, they don’t understand why the police don’t come back and deal with the issue.
“In the end you give up on it because you are so busy, but the public perception remains.
“It is frustrating and there is a perception that nothing has been done while there are idiots driving at great speed.”
West Yorkshire Police road safety expert Insp Nick Berry said: “We are all concerned about speed, because speed takes lives. That’s what kills people.
“There are a range of operational tactics we can deploy as a partnership. It’s not just about taking people to court.
“I think primarily, the starting point is getting evidence and understanding the time of day, the type of driver and type of vehicle – that is something we can improve upon.
“Approaches to saving lives should be evidence based.”
He added education, and public engagement would help the public understand why driving towards the top end of legal speed limits in certain areas, such as near schools, might still be inappropriate.
To get the latest email updates from LeedsLive, click here.It wasn’t easy for Barry Levine to find a home for the Capital District Recovery Center, a nonprofit he started in 2015 to help people in recovery from drug or alcohol addiction.
When he did find possible sites, he recalled getting quotes for above-market rents or, in the case of one building with multiple tenants, an owner who told him it would be hard to fill future vacancies if “you people are here.”
Read more Albany Times UnionYour Vegas Vacation Just Got Cheaper!
For a night filled with plenty of sugar and even more spice, Rock Candy,. Presented by Aussie Heat inside the Alexis Park Athena Showroom, Rock Candy will have your sweet tooth fully satisfied while also begging for more.!
This male revue is an intimate fantasy journey through the mind of your hostess, Rosa. This is not your typical Male revue, where the men think they know how to fulfill every Woman’s fantasy. The show dancers are Rosa’s playthings as she daydreams the night away.
Known as “The Entertainment Capital of the World,” Las Vegas is famous for its top-notch performances, dazzling casinos and award-winning restaurants. Alexis Park All Suite Resort is situated three minutes from the heart of the action on The Strip. Located right across the street is the Virgin Hotel and one block away is the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
1 Review on “Rock Candy”
We had such a great time at this show! It was small but mighty. With the smaller audience, we got to participate a lot and we all left with a smile on our faces.Mo Salah - What Next...?
Mohamed Salah, a player with two stints to his name within the Premier League, stands as a genuine world class player in the modern game. His personal goal record is phenomenal, his under-appreciation outside of Anfield equally so.
A player brought in to add firepower to the reds, with pace and goals from wide, delivered from the second he arrived. With a power shift of Christiano Ronaldo & Lionel Messi afoot, there are few players of Salah’s level on the world stage to take on the their long serving mantle. Erling Haaland, Kylian Mbappe & Joao Felix are the young princes in waiting for sure, but if Salah were to leave, the stampede for his signature would be utterly rampant.
In a COVID-19 disrupted season, Salah will once again post brilliant individual numbers, not bad at all for a so called one season wonder. Predominantly deployed from a wide position, his goal tally for the reds is absurd, even with the general move of wide men to inside forwards. For Salah to maintain such levels is testament to the player & his desire to be the divisions premier forward.
At 28 years of age, Salah now sits firmly within his prime years. The lack of any real career disrupting injury, and thus near constant availability is an undervalued attribute that cannot be ignored. Luis Suarez was of similar type, a player that could be relied upon – when not on suspension for biting – in becoming a near ever present ingredient in the reds attack.
With Bruno Fernandes at Old Trafford, his own impact across his career shows remarkable levels of both form and availability. Frank Lampard at Chelsea was much the same, and managers adhere themselves to these players that can be constantly relied upon, especially as match winners.
The next stage of Mo Salah’s career may see a shift in team strategy, as well as his own. With many sides now successfully adopting the low block, counter attacks are very rare for him to exploit space. His pace and direct nature when in this space is frightening, and thus this avenue has been all but closed off, game by game as a result.
With teams consistently overloading defensive areas, doubling up on Mo Salah has become common place in wide areas, outside to in. The evolving nature of the game may well see Liverpool start their own tactical shift, of which Salah should play a vital part.
At limited times, Mo has has been used in the point of the attack, something his strength and ability can cope with, but may not suit him perfectly. In recent months we have seen Leicester City adopt a two man attack, with both Jamie Vardy and Kelechi Ineanacho leading the line to remarkable effect.
Kelechi Ineanacho was once heralded as the heir to Sergio Aguero’s thrown – a massive job in itself – when employed by Manchester City. But where Aguero will go down as an all time Premier League legend, his unique skill set still needed time to mould to Pep Guardiola’s specific style of play. Time was never afforded Inneachao to fully integrate himself into the City machine with such a wealth of competition, and a smart move to Leicester seemed logical for a young, talented striker.
The evergreen Jamie Vardy – still playing to an incredible level, even now – has always worked best alone, in a counter attacking system, and thus it took a Brendan Rodgers strategy shift for Ineanacho to finally shine.
Some players are quite simply not suited to the lone striker role. Daniel Sturridge always seemed less effective without a dance partner, and Inneacho has thrived sensationally whilst working in tandem. Where Fernando Torres could play lone at Liverpool – with a roaming Steven Gerrard behind – he simply could not adapt to Chelsea’s version of play. Certain types, fierce competitors like Jamie Vardy or even Didier Drogba can work the lone role with ease, and this is an ability not afforded to all forwards.
Sometimes players are signed having played a specific role, and shoehorned into a new system after arriving. The specific scouting and analytical study of players and their attributes, make Liverpool signings often perfect for the role desired. West Ham, in attaining the services of Sebastian Haller, had pulled off a brilliant transfer coup. The issue was, Haller was a striker that performed brilliantly in a pair with Luka Jovic. Despite his physical attributes and assumed ability to perform a lone role, his form prior to the move was based upon working in a two, and therefore no real evidence was available to suggest he could adapt.
Moyes structure did not adapt to the nee player, and the door eventually opened for the talented Michail Antonio, a player proven able to adapt to many a role. It would have been interesting to see the pair deployed together, however West Ham’s rise through the league proves their current strategy sound.
It is this idea of adjusting the forward line, or means of adopting a new strike pair that may some sometimes be a necessity. Mo Salah can flourish further with a move inside with a strike partner, and here lies the potential positive shift for the Egyptian.
Where the Liverpool central striker of past has often needed to be selfless in Klopp’s tenure, Salah may indeed need that foil to help unlock stubborn back lines even more so. Currently all the Liverpool forwards can play across the front line to some degree, but no one player has truly established themselves as an out and out striker, a prolific fox in the box. A shrewd summer signing could change this and bring the best out of a stuttering reds attack.
Mo Salah is a shot monster for the reds, historically, though teams willing to overload on him often leaves shooting to acute angles, or with too many bodies to overcome. With a little more central freedom – and the right partner – a lethal strike partnership could be moulded to add much needed variation to Liverpool’s attack. The full backs have struggled with changes in the back line, but alterations ahead of them may ignite their crossing potential also.
The injuries have disrupted to the highest degree this season, but a change in the middle & final third was surely in the mind of Klopp with the Thiago summer signing. Thiago, Keita & Fabinho where signed as double pivot central midfielders, that would allow more flexibility ahead of them. This idea, would allow the less rigid three man midfield to dominate as a two, with a 10 & 9 working ahead of them. This is pure theory of course, but the logic appears sound given the recruitment of certain players.
Mo has an unbelievable ability – which he is not credited for – to bring others into play. This notion is proven, with a solid assist record. A permanent move inside into a central attacking role, alongside a second forward would surely unleash his vision further. With wingers employed either side in a 4-4-2 or 4-2-2-2, he would no longer be the final pass target, but could prove the inventive component, able to pivot with his partner.
At times, Daniel Sturridge would provide excellent service for his dance partner Luis Suarez, that the Uruguayan’sgoal tally would be made that bit easier as a result. Stan Collymore, an ultra talented striker was able to form a formidable partnership with Robbie Fowler before both found difficulties within their respective careers. It was always the deficiencies in other parts of the field that would let down these incredible strike partnerships, and leave them short any their title races.
With the world greatest defender VVD returning, potential summer recruit Konate being brought in to compete with Gomez and others, that defensive deficiency should not be repeated. Fabinho once more adding steel to midfield, instead of deputising at the back, will enhance further to the reds core strength. And finally, with Thiago, – one of the worlds greatest controlling midfielders – able to dictate play in a less disrupted side, the reds can afford to explore this forward evolution. Whether it be a new wide man, a new striker or a shift with Bobby playing the 10, the shape change may reinvent many a player in a rut.
With regards to the Egyptian King, Mo Salah, the next chapter could be sensational.Guest author: Amanda McKinney, MD, FACLM, FACOG
---
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has informed us that, by 2030, we must reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 45%. Consider what that means for your daily life… traveling half as much by all means other than walking or biking; buying half as much ‘stuff’ as we do now; heating and cooling our homes half as much; cutting emissions from our diet in half… These are difficult to contemplate.
However, the fact that the human diet was included in the six policy goals demonstrates the fact that what we eat matters in the context of the environment, and it’s one of the easiest factors for most of us to control. Of the 48 tons of greenhouse gases attributed to each U.S. household annually, food is responsible for 17% of the total (8 tons). Because livestock agriculture is estimated to be responsible for as much as 50% of total, global greenhouse gas emissions, eliminating animal foods from the diet can have a significant impact on your personal carbon footprint.
The reason this estimate is so high is because the carbon footprint of a hamburger includes all of the fossil fuels that that went into producing the fertilizer and pumping the irrigation water to grow the corn that fed the cow, and it may also include emissions that result from converting forest land to grazing land as well as the methane (a potent global warming gas) released from the animals’ digestion and manure. These foods also often require extensive, energy-intensive processing and transport over long distances before landing on our plates.
The Natural Resources Defense Council estimates that if all Americans eliminated just one quarter- pound serving of beef per week, the reduction in global warming gas emissions would be equivalent to taking four to six million cars off the road. Eliminating meat and dairy entirely, a vegan diet, has the lowest carbon footprint of all and can cut your personal carbon “foodprint” by more than half.
Likewise, diet is THE most important influence on health. Optimal eating increases life expectancy and dramatically reduces the lifetime risk of all chronic disease. Conversely, diets high in animal foods and highly refined carbohydrates are the leading causes of premature death and chronic disease. At the end of the day, the evidence strongly supports an overall pattern of healthful eating, which includes lots of minimally processed foods close to nature… predominantly plants (Katz, Meller, 2014).
What we eat impacts our health directly and indirectly through the health of the planet. Humans are completely dependent upon healthy ecosystems to feed, clothe, and house ourselves. As temperatures rise so, too, does sea level. These disruptions, along with more intense weather events, are changing what we can grow, where we can grow it, and how much of it we can grow. In the face of climate change and a degrading environment, our health will suffer from extreme heat, agricultural failures leading to food shortages, issues with water quantity and quality, and emerging infectious diseases not unlike the SARS-CoV 2 virus that has caused this most recent pandemic.
In order to address this issue, policy changes will be needed; however, personal choice in this instance is powerful. What to do then? How can we begin to change this situation? Fortunately, there are things you can do, personally, that can help protect you and your loved ones from the pain of disease while also doing your bit for the planet.
First, examine your diet. Consider reducing your meat consumption for your benefit and for the planet’s. Add more whole, minimally processed plant foods.
Secondly, reduce your “food miles”. Are there dietary staples that can be sourced locally from growers practicing sustainable or regenerative agriculture or permaculture?
Third, grow and preserve some of your own food. Start with a goal of growing 3 percent of the calories you and your family consume. That may not sound like much but when you really determine the number of calories you and your family consume on a daily basis, it adds up quickly. Check out The Grow Network or the DVD, “Grow Your Own Groceries” by Marjorie Wildcraft to learn more. Consider finding a growing partner and sharing your harvests. Perhaps you’re a master tomato grower while your friend grows amazing green beans. Have a canning party at the end of the growing season and swap jars of preserved produce.
Fourth, educate your friends, family and neighbors. Conversations about lifestyle choices, climate change and politics are difficult to have but everyone can come together around the issue of access to healthy food. Start a conversation about it. If consumers demand health promoting food and are willing to pay for it, farmers will grow it.
Lastly, you can vote and/or run for elected office. It’s imperative that we elect leaders willing to promote the kinds of policy and legislation that will prioritize the health of people and the planet over corporate profits.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
About the Author
Dr. Amanda McKinney, MD, FACLM, FACOG is a triple board certified physician in Obstetrics and Gynecology who is passionate about creating healthy and resilient communities by transforming medical education and healthcare delivery. She serves as Chair of the American College of Lifestyle Medicine’s (ACLM) Global Sustainability Committee and is the founding Executive Director of the Institute for Human and Planetary Health (IHPH) at Doane University.- 4
This listing has expired
The property listing you are trying to view is no longer active. This may mean that the listing you searched for has expired or the property has been taken off our search results listing.
Sale RM 460,000
melaka, pulau melaka , melaka raya, Melaka Tengah
pulau melaka, melaka, pulau melaka , melaka raya, 75050, Melaka
- Built-up : 1,540 sq. ft.
- Land area : 22 x 70
- 3
-aka, pulau melaka , melaka raya, Melaka Tengah
WTS intermediate ground floor shop-lot at Pulau Melaka. -leasehold 99 years -Land size 22 x 70 -1313 Build up area -Asking price: RM198k Suitable for home-stay & easy to get tenant once the project of harbor city & deep water wharf in complete.. Other unit like Ground floor, fist floor & whole block of 4 storey as well also available for sale Nearby: 2 minute drive to Melaka Raya, Mahkota Parade, Dataran Pahlawan, Mahkota Medical as well. This commercial park at Pulau Melaka is located in the center heart of historical melaka and it surrounding with the famous attraction such as Famosa, Jonker walk, St.John Hill and Portuguese settlement as well. As a strategic location for tourism,Pulau Melaka commercial park is one of the best for investment in melaka. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Owner may welcome for listing & we do provide housing loan & legal sevice as well. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ For further Info / viewing please call 0166632966 Mr CP Goo, Thank You #pulaumelakashopforsale #shopforsale #melakashopforsale
Property Details
Property Type:
Land Title:
Commercial
Property Title Type:
Strata
Tenure:
Leasehold
Built-up Size:
1,540 sq. ft.
Land Area Size:
22 x 70 sq. ft.
Furnishing:
Unfurnished
Occupancy:
Vacant
Unit Type:
Corner
Reference No.:
UP2315183
Posted Date:
09 Oct 2016
LoanCare - Home Loan Eligibility Indicator
Know your home loan eligibility with up to 17 banks.Mountain Home, Arkansas – Porter’s jewelry is one of the largest professionally operated pawnshops with the most modern and latest collections of colored gemstones, loose diamonds, designed rings, and many more jewels in its store. The jewel firm, operated and owned by the professional pawnbrokers, Shane & Jacqueline Porter, makes unique pieces of jewels that are sure to stand out with the passing of time. Besides winning the Best of the Twin Lakes award for three consecutive years in the Gun Store and Pawn Shop Categories, the firm also have a jewel department that features a GIA-certified appraiser and T.J Persenaire, a jeweler with several years of experience. The shop is also fully stocked with earrings, necklaces, bracelets, pendants, and rings, and also offers jewelry repair and design services.
Porter’s Jewelry provides exceptional services in jewels of all kinds. The Mountain Home Jewelry store is stocked with different kinds of jewels such as rings, necklaces, bracelets and more, that will suit the customers’ needs and occasion. Besides, the jewel firm also provides shipping services all over the fifty states on accessories bought online. This provides its customers with one of the greatest shopping experiences. It is also convenient as it ensures that the customer’s routine is not interfered with, while at the same time building a strong bond between the firm and its customers. Whether it is an engagement ring, wedding ring, pre-engagement ring, signet ring, and more, Porter’s jewelry has it all in one place.
The jewelry firm prides itself in the provision of modern and luxurious handbags for fashion stylists and designers. Its wide range of handbags consists of the most popular designer handbags such as Gucci bags, Chanel bags, Louis Vuitton Purses, and more. Having an experienced staff with a vast understanding of the fashion industry, the jewel firm has always provided impeccable and stylish handbags and jewels to their customers who are professional stylists in the fashion industry. This has won them recognition and a good reputation.
Porter’s Jewelry rolls out jewel repair services to its customers. With experts who are certified in diamonds, colored stones, jewel essentials, and with experience of over forty years, such as T.J Persenaire, customers can rely on the expertise of these jewelers with confidence as their output is of unmatched quality. They deal in ring resizing, chain repair, prong repair, and more while maintaining their original physical aspects such as luster, color, and appearance. In addition, they ensure that all tool marks such as hammering are wiped clean. With these quality services, the jewel firm is set to remain at the top as the best dealer in custom jewelry in Mountain Home.
The jewelry firm in Mountain Home has an in-house jewelry consultant, Alice Simmons, who is keen to offer relevant information about their available products and to help their potential customers with decision-making on the choice of jewel to buy. With her help, the customer needs are always met with satisfaction. In addition, Porter’s Jewelry offers jewelry design services. Alice Simmons and her team will always ensure that the customer’s questions about custom jewelry are answered. They will also provide a comprehensive guide on the design process to enable their customers to follow through with their orders. Porter’s Jewelry is the jewelry store near Mountain Home to visit for a comprehensive and wide range of jewels and jewelry services to choose from.
Porter’s Jewelry is located at 625 E 9th St, Mountain Home, Arkansas, 72653. For general inquiries, contact the firm’s team by calling (870) 224-4448. For more information about their elegant jewelry services, visit their website.
Media Contact
Company Name
Porter’s Jewelry
Contact Name
Jacqueline Porter
Phone
(870) 224-4448
Address
625 E 9th St
City
Mountain Home
State
Arkansas
Country
United States
Website
COMTEX_391388857/2737/2021-08-11T09:01:39
Disclaimer: The views, suggestions, and opinions expressed here are the sole responsibility of the experts. No Bulletin Track journalist was involved in the writing and production of this article.Hypnosis
Cathy Weber-Zunker
700 Cedar St. Suite 261 Alexandria, MN 56308
Questions frequently asked about clinical hypnosis.
What is hypnosis?
Hypnosis is a naturally occurring state of mind..
“Hypnosis is a genuine psychological phenomenon that has valid uses in clinical practice. Simply put, hypnosis is a state of highly focused attention or concentration, often associated with relaxation and heightened suggestibility. while under hypnosis (i.e., in hypnotic trance), it seems many people are much more open to helpful suggestions than they usually are. "
from The Truth About Hypnosis - Psychology Today - Clifford N Lazarus Ph.D.
For students it may be a desire to improve study skills and overall recall of information.
For someone experiencing anxiety, it may be the desire to attain inner calm and a peaceful nights sleep.
For someone with a phobia, it may be the freedom to fly comfortably in an airplane.
For someone who golfs, it may be focus and concentration.
Is it possible to get stuck in hypnosis?
No it’s not…hypnosis is the relaxed state between sleep and awake ...you will either wake up or go to sleep.
Who can be hypnotized?
About 97% of the population. The exceptions are those using alcohol or recreational drugs and someone who does not want to be hypnotized.
Did you have to go to school to learn how to do hypnosis?
Yes, I chose to study under the prominent Mary Elizabeth Raines at the Academy of Professional Hypnosis in Arizona.
What will happen during a hypnosis session? What does it cost?
You will have an Intake Session ($50) when you and I will collaborate. I will gather insights and information that will help me craft specific suggestions designed to accomplish the change you desire.
Your actual session ($95 per hour) will look something like this…
During the hypnosis session, there will be relaxing music and you will be comfortable in a recliner with a blanket …shoes off…glasses off…cell phones off. I will be in an office chair and when the session begins I will be on your left side. I will then talk you into a very relaxed state of mind and offer your relaxed mind the suggestions that you and I created together.
When the session is done, I will count you from 1 to 5 slowly bringing you back to full wakefulness
So the first appointment is two hours long - one hour for intake and one hour for hypnosis for a total cost of $145.
** Smoking Cessation is a two-hour session. ($250) Smoking cessation does not require an intake session unless other issues need to be addressed.
** QHHT Quantum Healing Hypnosis Technique is a 3 to 5 hour session ($350) and does not require an intake session.
What if I can’t quiet my mind?
That’s my responsibility…I have been trained to use words and my voice to help you relax.
Am I going to lose control or be forced to accept suggestions when I’m hypnotized?
No. Your mind is very protective of you. You will not reveal any secrets nor will you accept any suggestion that would go against your ethical and moral code.
Will I forget everything that happens during my session?
Actually no…you will hear and remember everything that I say to you during the session.
YOU are the expert in creating your life, I am the expert in helping you get what you desire. What area of your life would you like to modify and experience profound change?
“Our outer lives are created by our inner thoughts”As we head into the second month of 2019, check out the events in Greensburg during February!
Have an event coming up? Add it to our community event calendar!
Friday, February 1
Food Truck Friday at Hugo’s Taproom
The Block Food Truck will be parked outside of Hugo’s on Friday night starting at 9pm.
Saturday, February 2
Used Book Sale
Join us in the lower level of the Greensburg-Hempfield Area Library for a Used Book Sale. Regular sale will be on Wednesday the 30th and Thursday the 31st. Bag sale will be on Saturday February 2 when a bag of books will be $5. We provide the bag. All are welcome!
Official Opening- New Crescent Brewing Co.
Join us as we officially open our doors on Saturday, February 2nd! New Crescent Brewing Co. will be serving up a variety of beers, from crisp light lagers to dark malty stouts to intensely hopped IPAs (that we ourselves tend to prefer). We are located in Downtown Irwin across from The Lamp Theatre and NexTier Bank. There is street parking and nearby parking lots available. We will have small snacks available (pub pretzels, chips, trail mix, etc). (Located in Irwin.).
Aubrey Burchell at Jaffre’s
Live music with Aubrey Burchell from 9pm-12am at Jaffre’s.
Children’s Art Classes at The Westmoreland
The Westmoreland offers innovative and engaging monthly art classes for ages 7-10 taught by a professional art instructor, giving children the opportunity to expand and explore their creativity. Sign up today! For more details on each class, go to:
Sunday, February 3.
Pre-Super Bowl Party w/ Derek Woods Band at Mr. Toad’s
SUNDAY PRE-SUPER BOWL PARTY! Featuring Derek Woods Band at Mr. Toad’s in Downtown Greensburg, PA. 3pm-6pm.
Super Bowl BBQ
GRATEFUL SMOKE BBQ WILL BE DELIVERING WHOLE PORK BUTTS FOR YOUR SUPER BOWL PARTY! Please message us on Facebook if you are interested in feeding your family and guests our succulent, smoked pulled pork.🐖
Kalarippayattu Workshop at Red Brick Yoga
Kalari Workshop at Red Brick Yoga Greensburg. Kalarippayattu is believed to be one of the oldest living traditions of martial training in the world with roots in the Dhanurveda.
13th Anniversary Sunday
To celebrate the 13th anniversary of Rocco’s Pizza they will have XL 1TOPPING PIZZA $13 plus deals on their new pizzas Cauliflower Crust and Pickle Pie & Spicey Pepperoni.
Monday, February 4
The Art of Love 2019 Art Exhibit
Eighteen local artists will be showcasing their love-themed artwork February 4 – 28, 2019 at Art of Love, an exhibit at Greensburg Garden & Civic Center..
Tuesday, February 5
Arthur St. Clair: Myth and History Lecture
This year’s Arthur St. Clair lecture will focus on the namesake of our annual event. Arthur St. Clair was a major-general in the Revolution and president of the Continental Congress and governor of the Northwest Territory.
Dr. Susan Sommers, professor of history at Saint Vincent College, will discuss St. Clair’s mythological persona crafted in by nineteenth century biographers, who sought to provide a nation recovering from civil war with sterling examples of heroes to emulate, even if their stories were not, strictly speaking, true. Sommers turns to her own extensive archival research to find evidence of Arthur St. Clair’s early life and explores the fascinating questions of what it means to be a hero.
Lecture will be held in the Ferguson Theater, Smith Hall, on the campus of The University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg. This event is free and open to the public. Please call 724-836-7980 to ensure a seat. Read more about the upcoming lecture here:
Thursday, February 7
Open Mic Night at Mr. D’s
An open mic night hosted by Vince Bone of Same Moon. Sign ups start at 7:30. Great food, nicely priced drinks, and an opportunity to get on stage. Music until 11. All ages and performers are welcome. Let’s party!
Callaghan’s Open Mic Night Hosted by Zak Blose
We’re excited to have our good friend Zak Blose here to host open mic night every Thursday from 9:00-12:00 starting on February 7th!
Guest Bartending Challenge: Andrea Walker, Eric Nelson, Kim Ward, Paul Adams
Andy and Natalie Gregg at All Saints Brewing Company
Live music, good people, craft beer and Denise!
Winter Happy Hour Live
Live music with Acoustic Fingers.
Friday, February 8
Art on Tap
Experience happy hour at The Westmoreland on the second Friday of every month! Enjoy live music, an art scavenger hunt, light bites from Elegant Catering and drinks, including beer from All Saints Brewing Company. Cost: $12 ($9 for members) in advance, $15 ($10 for members) at the door. For more information, go to:
11th Birthday Celebration
You’re invited to join the festivities to celebrate Art and Frame Shop’s 11th year in business. Grab your friends and come enjoy light hors d’oeuvres, mimosas and no birthday party is complete without CAKE! This party is for you, our loyal customers, for allowing us to be your destination custom framing and artfully inspired décor shop. No one will leave empty handed. You will each receive a gift bag (while supplies last) and 25% off all purchases including custom framing orders. We can’t wait to CELEBRATE with you!!
Latest Exercise Science p/b Schultz & Tinkey
Highland Training coach Mike Schultz and UPMC Cycling Performance Matt Tinkey will approach this presentation with the theme of the “latest science” followed by a Q&A.The presentation will take place upstairs at Wellness on the Point at 7pm, Friday, February 8th.
Family Fun Night at the Greensburg YMCA
Join us, Friday, February 8th for Family Fun Night. Members and Winter Program Participants are invited to share an evening with their immediate family doing fun activities here at the Y. We will have activities to do in the gym and pool and a craft, too! This event is intended to bring our families together for a time of fun and sharing. Family Fun Nights are free to members and Winter Program Participants. All others, $5 per person. Restrictions apply.
Saturday, February 9
Cookie Decorating with Royal Icing
Learn to mix, decorate and use royal icing to decorate many types of cookies. Includes at least one dozen cookies, tools and instructional binder.
Monday, February 11
Tot Time (8 months to 2 years)
Join us for 30 minutes of fun in the Katie Room for our littlest library lovers! We’ll have songs, stories, and some sensory play! Register in advance or by calling 724-837-5620.
Healthy Eating
Gather your friends and loved ones for a special night of wine 🍷 and ❤️Healthy Dinner! Our chefs will show you how to plan and prepare delicious and nutritious meals live!! Cost is $35 per person plus tax & gratuity to include a gourmet meal and wine pairing. We are expanding our class size for this epic event. For more details and to purchase tickets call 724/837-8873
Greensburg City Council Meeting
All meetings are open to the public and are held in Council Chambers on the 2nd floor of the Greensburg City Hall at begin at 7pm.
Wednesday, February 13
Women & Business Networking Event
Once a quarter Pittsburgh Magazine brings Pittsburgh women together to recognize four local businesswomen, hear an inspiring keynote presentation and network over drinks and appetizers. Join us Feb. 13 at the Westmoreland Museum of American Art from 5:30-8 p.m. Tickets are $40, and 50% of the proceeds go to Pressley Ridge, a nonprofit organization that helps to rebuild communities and families who are facing difficult challenges and complex situations.
Valentine’s Day Eve – Men’s Night Out
Downtown Greensburg merchants are hosting a party and MEN . . . YOU are invited! Don’t worry about waiting until the last minute! We have you covered. Our cupids will insure you hit the mark! Please see each business’s FB page or website for their special offers and activities. Participating businesses include: Artisans of Hands and Heart, Beeghly and Company Jewelers, Bella Unique Boutique, Mancuso’s Shoe Repair, McFeely’s Gourmet Chocolate and Serenity Bead Shop.
Art of Love 2019 Reception
Local artists, live jazz music by The Moment, food and drink, Art of Love Photo Booth, 50/50 raffle, basket auction, handmade vendors, and much, much more! Free and open to the public — bring your sweetie for a fun date or come solo and ready to mingle! Kids welcome, but alcohol will be served on the premises.
Galentine’s Day Yoga Flow
Join us for a Galentine’s Day yoga flow on Wednesday, February 13th at 7:15pm at Wellness on the Point in Greensburg. This 60-minute candle-lit class will be suitable for all levels and will be comprised of elements of strength, self-love, and acceptance by incorporating power and heart-opening poses set to a fun, flirty, femme-fatale playlist. There is nothing better than a healthy evening spent surrounded by gal pals! $15/student. Bring your own mat…and don’t forget your favorite pink and red attire! Register by calling the office at 724-838-7700. Spots are limited so call soon!
Valentine’s Theme Wine Dinner
Join Tapped Brick Oven and Pour House for their next wine dinner featuring a Valentine’s Day Theme. They will have 5 courses paired with 4 wines. Reservations and a $25/person deposit are required by February 10th. Please call 724-850-8277 to make your reservation. Space is limited!
Pop-Up Studio: Art of the Heart
Get ready for Valentine’s Day (or Singles Awareness Day) by screenprinting anatomical hearts onto t-shirts and tote bags at The Westmoreland. Feel free to bring t-shirts or totes if you’d like to create some wearable or portable heart inspired items., go to:
Thursday, February 14
Valentine’s Day
To celebrate our love for you, we will be serving up strips and filet mignon 4 ways with a glass of champagne. Make your reservation today! 724-834- 9903.: Matt Schimizzi, Lindsey Schimizzi, Sheila Brumley
Friday, February 15
Salsa-Rumba for Beginners
Join Laura Johnson and Mike Lorenz – winners of Dancing with the Celebrities PGH – for a great DATE NIGHT as you will learn the basics of salsa and rumba!
The 3rd Friday of every month at FitnessEnvi is devoted to you and your significant other (can be a spouse, friend, date, mom, sister, etc.).
We will focus on something different each month. Cost: $45 per couple. (FitnessEnvi PLATINUM members receive $10-off)
Paint, Sip, & Stretch
Bring a friend, relax, and have some fun on this Friday in February! We will begin with a gentle seated stretches and guided relaxation to tap into our creative side. Then, it’s painting time! In between the layers of our masterpiece we can take breaks to Sip, Stretch and Snack. Bring your own adult beverage of choice and snacks, although light refresments will be provided. We will supply all painting materials, glasses, napkins and plates, relaxation, and fun!
Blank Slate with Tracy Carr Angelo will be leading the painting portion of our evening and Mary Furlo from Satya Yoga will be leading the stretching. You are responsible for providing your favorite drink to sip throughout the night and light refreshments will be provided! Space is limited to 25 participants, please register and prepay to secure your reservation!
6:30 p.m. 8 p.m. BYOB
Saturday, February 16
Ellie Wilde Trunk Show
Runway Show featuring Prom dress styles by this famous designer. Runway shows start at 1:00 pm both Saturday and Sunday. Call 837-3450 or visit millersprom.com to reserve your seat.
Hypertufa Workshop-Class
We are having a workshop on Saturday, February 16 at 1:00 PM. Cost is $20.00. All materials will be supplied. Be sure to wear old clothes and bring a pair of rubber gloves. You will take home a round planter (approximately 15” – 18”)
and will have instructions on how to unmold and cure your creation. The hypertufa can be used as a planter, a bird bath or add a pump for a small water feature –use your imagination!
Space is limited – call Nicky at the office to make your reservation! Office Hours: Tuesday & Thursday 10:00-3:00. Phone: 724-837-0245
Free Parking. Public welcome!
Ladies’ Night
Pot Luck at the Greensburg Moose! Bring your favorite dish or snack to share. Drink specials.
Heart Strings featuring Chee-Yun
Violin Virtuoso Chee-Yun joins the WSO for a special Valentine’s weekend concert to perform Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto. The concert begins at 7:30 p.m., with convenient, free parking in the Bell Garage.
Sunday, February 17
Sunday Funday Habatat at Mr Toad’s
Get a lovely Evening of happy local music and groove by Habatat, and brew and chow on the fine food and drink, provided by Mr.Toads Pub.
Tuesday, February 19
Social Media and Marketing Your Business
Westmoreland SCORE is offering a FREE seminar at The Greensburg Hempfield Area Library designed to help you navigate the Social Media communication outlets such as Facebook, Twitter, and blogging sites. More and more, this is becoming an essential part of starting or growing a business and needs to be addressed in your business plan.
Thursday, February 21 weeks event include:
Brian Root
Marcie O’Brien
John Behrendt
Gina Cerilli
Mike Hochendoner
Sarah Proudfit
Saturday, February 23
Yoga Class at Petagogy Greensburg
Join Michelle Keenan, owner of Satya Yoga Greensburg, on Saturday, February 23 at 9:00 am in the Greensburg store for a beginner-friendly yoga class benefiting Wayward Animal Rescue – Greensburg, PA! Class cost is a $10 donation (cash or credit card). There are a limited number of spaces so participants should sign up in advance to guarantee a spot in the class. You can sign up in-store or by calling 724-691-0325 (please pay your donation when you sign up). All participants will also receive a $5 coupon to use toward a future purchase at Petagogy! All class proceeds will go to Wayward Animal Rescue – Greensburg, PA, an all-volunteer organization that rescues lost, abandoned, stray or unwanted cats and kittens. Classes are for humans only. Participants must bring their own yoga mat.
Party at the Palace Vegas Style
So here’s the deal . . . This year, we are upping the ante and bringing the style and swagger of Vegas to Greensburg! Live entertainment, tasting stations, pop-up wedding chapel, VIP bottle service, photo opportunities, casino games & more! The event launches with a 6:30 PM VIP Party on stage. The celebration includes passed hors d’oeuvres, champagne, live music, and a commemorative photo. At 7:30 PM, the main event begins and moves from the stage into the outer areas of the theatre for more live entertainment, complimentary tasting stations, photo opportunities, casino games and more.
VIP TICKET: 6:30 PM $125 Trust Members; $150 Non-Members
PARTY TICKET: 7:30 PM $75 Trust Members; $85 Non-Members
Monday, February 25
Middle School Maker Mondays (11-14 years or grades 6-8)
Come enjoy snacks, meet new friends, and make Perler Bead Pixel Crafts in the Katie Room! Sign up for each session individually online or by calling 724-837-5620.
Tuesday, February 26
Mini Makers (8-10 years or grades 3-5)
Come enjoy snacks, meet new friends, and make Watercolor Resist in the Katie Room! Sign up for each session individually either online or by calling 724-837-5620.Tappecue | Wi-Fi Thermometer For The Perfect Barbecue
If you love barbecuing but can’t stand by your meat throughout the whole process, with the help of Tappecue, you don’t have to! You can now run errands, mow your lawn, or make a grocery run and still know exactly what’s going on with your meat at all times. Slowly smoke your meat without worrying it’ll be undercooked or overcooked. With this amazing mobile application, you’ll always be just one tap away from your meat.
Thanks to this great app and probe for barbecue, you can monitor the cooking process even when you’re away from the smoker, doing chores or simply relaxing and watching TV. Plus, your friends can access the app, too, and they’ll know when the time’s right to show up at your doorstep. With Tappecue, you’ll receive four probes with the temperature inputs ranging from 0 F to 572 F. These can be set to monitor food temperature or chamber temperature. The LCD displays the temperature at the grill and on the smartphone. You can also view quick temperatures and graph from a web browser.
The Tappecue comes with four Wi-Fi enabled probes so you can monitor the cooking process on your smartphone display or web browser.
Unlike other apps that are connected to the device via Bluetooth a radio frequency so you have to be within certain range, the Tappecue has no limitations. It is the future of thermometers as it uses Wi-Fi enabled probes and a well developed mobile application that can even allow you to enjoy a game of golf, and make the perfect barbecued meat at the same time. The external antennae allow for the distance of the Tappecue to be as far as 180 feet from the wireless router or hotspot.
You can monitor your smoking session from multiple devices so Tappecue enables social cooking.
This new invention connects to your home Wi-Fi and when the connection is set up, you can set the temperature value limits for your cooking session from your app and start the smoking session. When you’ve plugged in the power supply and the probes, the Tappecue starts sending the temperature values to the Tappecue Cloud. If temperatures rise above the set values, or if you go out of range, an alert will be sent to your smartphone. You’ll also be informed when the meat is perfectly done.
The probes can be set to measure meat temperature or chamber temperature from 0 F to 572 F.
Tappecue protects your investment because it will save your meat from overcooking. Even when you’re doing an extra long smoking session, you don’t have to worry about running out of battery power thanks to the device’s Power Supply unit. In the app, you can watch real-time temperature graphs of all probes. After the smoking session’s done, you’ll receive an e-mail containing your session history.
Tappecue will send temperature readings to Tappecue Cloud and you’ll receive alerts when the meat is done or the temperatures go out of the set range.
Daily Newsletter
Subscribe to Jebiga for a dose of the best in gear, design, rides, tech and adventure.Raids across the south in UK's biggest operation against organised crime
More than 700 people have been arrested in the "biggest ever" operation against organised crime.
£54 million of cash has been seized, and one and a half tonnes of cocaine - in raids led by the UK's National Crime Agency.
As part of Operation Venetic, a drugs factory was raided in Rochester, in Kent, and drugs worth £14 million were recovered. Money and drugs worth £2.4 million - were seized in Gravesend.
Police storm premises at Rochester in Kent
Arrests were made at the Channel Tunnel terminal, and also in the Solent - including a crew member on a cruise ship accused of attempting to import cocaine into the South of England.
Raids were also carried out in Wokingham in Berkshire, for drugs and firearms offences - across Bournemouth and Christchurch.
Experts in UK law enforcement had been able to 'crack' a 'phone encryption code - used globally and exclusively - by criminals. It meant they could watch their movements - and find out exactly what they were doing.
Police stormed premises at Rochester in Kent, and Inside they found a drugs factory working on an industrial scale.
Twenty eight million tablets of Etizolam were seized. Known as Street Valium, the drugs - worth around fourteen million pounds, kill a substantial number of people each year. Six people were arrested.
In Gravesend, police seized more than 24 kilos of heroin with a street value of £2.4m. More than £200,000 was recovered. Five people arrested and charged.
It's part of what's being called the biggest law enforcement operation ever in the UK. And it's been made possible by infiltrating an encrypted messaging system used exclusively by criminals.
Nikki Holland Director of Investigations, National Crime Agency
Detectives from the so-called Dark Web team conducted a series of drug warrants in Wokingham and London.
Eight kilos of cocaine and £100,000 in cash were seized along with encrypted digital devices, Five men were arrested.
A series of raids across Bournemouth led to 11 arrests for drugs and firearms offences. £80,000 cash, and eight kilos of suspected class A drugs worth around £300k were seized.
James Vaughan, Chief Constable, Dorset Police
The NCA, Regional Organised Crime Units (ROCUs) and police forces have punched huge holes in the UK organised crime network so far by arresting 746 suspects and seizing:
Over £54million the Solent area, the National Crime Agency investigated a group suspected of attempting to import cocaine from South America into the South on a cruise ship.
Three people were arrested including a crew member, another at the Channel Tunnel terminal in Kent as they attempted to leave the UK.Maggy currently has the largest udders in our herd, she is a true miracle of nature, such big natural dangly veined udders. But there’s more. Maggy actually seems to get horny from being pumped. She literally can’t wait for the farmer to turn on the machine. Caressing herself, oiling and shaking her udders to tempt the farmer for another round on the red cow milker. Maybe it is a relief for her to get milked. Her udders must weigh so much! Watch Maggy milk herself and get really into it!Members downloads:
5 Responses
MilkingLover
She’ll like it even more with a Hitatchi between her legs.
Belle Cartier
She is beautiful!
Dirk Gevaert
Cannot find a place to sign in pls advise
regards
Dirk
admin
Don’t worry, just go here:
Dana
I LOVE Maggy’s huge natural udders! I am a woman in her 30’s that loves huge natural udders; I also have them. She is the perfect hucow and I hope her milkers get even bigger!362 Reviews
If you stayed here and have some insider info for us, let us know!
Creekside Camp is a magical escape. Exactly the adventure our group needed. Our group of 11 stayed in sites 1 & 2, which were beautiful spots! Would definitely recommend meeting John and Lesley’s sweet animals if you have the opportunity.
Such a lovely escape!! The site was everything we needed; wanted, and more. We had a big group (party of 11), and sites 1 & 2 were perfect!!
Thank you so much! Such a peaceful place. We will be back.
Staying at salmon creek ranch was great! The campsite was really nice and there was a fire pit and a clean porta potty. The next day we drove to the main entrance to walk around the property and by some meet. The hosts were so kind and friendly ans responsive. The only thing I would note is that the creek side camps are right on the road so you will see and hear cars going by or people walking by in the morning. I thjnk the other campsites might feel more private. We felt like we were just camping in the side of the road at times. Overall we loved our stay and would want to go back, just stay at a different site. Thanks so much!!
My husband and I spent 2 nights at Creekside Camp site #2 (our very first Hipcamp experience ever) and loved it. The property was very easy to find with John and Lesley's clear directions and the site was perfect. Close to the small road on the back side of the ranch but there was so little traffic that it didn't bother us at all. The hosts were so helpful and gave us tons of information about the property, we had a great time hiking and exploring all over. We checked out all the other camp sites (it seems we had the entire ranch to ourselves on the first night) and they all looked really great, but we were especially pleased with #2. I wasn't ecstatic with the outhouse near our site (honestly it was reasonably clean as far as outhouses go but my biggest weakness as a camper is spiders and there were a couple that I thought might try and fight me lol), but we're equipped with our own restroom needs so it didn't affect our stay. We spent two nights with a cozy little fire in our ring and couldn't have been happier. Be sure to check out the self-serve mercantile near the house where they sell duck eggs and meat from the ranch. We lucked out that we packed up to leave right around feeding time and we got to hang out with their highland cows for about an hour, which truly made the ENTIRE weekend for me. I can't wait to visit again and hopefully plan out a tour with the hosts, I'd love to learn more about their ranch./> /> /> />
This is a nice property and if you hike up the hill it's a really interesting ranch with a variety of animals. Campsite was quiet, creek is low right now but hope to visit when levels are back up. Had a nice hike on the property and took advantage of the campfire for sale to have a nice night
Dreamt short stay at creek side 3. Enjoyed the easy access, firewood ring, deck, hiking trails, and port o potties
It's my third time back at Salmon Creek Ranch, and two of them have been very rainy trips even - it is a testament to how great this place is that I'm sure I'll be back again regardless of the weather! Loved spotting salamanders, snakes, and even a heron during our stay. It was a great time getting together with friends in nature and I'm very thankful for the Hosts sharing their space!
Wonderful
The ranch is magical and it’s hosts generous and kind.HAUNTED HOUSES are not for the faint of heart. Deceased former tenants—normally those who have suffered violent, untimely deaths—are said to remain in residence. Living occupants complain of creaking doors and floorboards, shifting furniture, knocking, footsteps and voices. Ghostly apparitions can terrorise children; pets flee eerie spectres.
Sceptics might write such phenomena off as paranoia, but haunted houses do spook the property market. That ghosts depress prices, especially in some Asian cities such as Hong Kong, has long been recognised. But a recent working paper by Utpal Bhattacharya and Kasper Meisner Nielsen of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Daisy Huang of Nanjing Audit University, attempts to calculate the size of the ectoplasmic discount. It estimates that Hong Kong properties that become haunted, owing to the death of a former inhabitant from an accident, murder or suicide, lose on average a fifth of their value. The price of these “hongza”, or haunted flats, can remain depressed for years.
Using a database of more than 1.1m residential real-estate transactions, combined with data from four commercial haunted-house websites (see for example Squarefoot), the authors identify 898 haunted properties that changed hands between between 2000 and 2015. After controlling for size and age, long-term price trends and seasonal fluctuations in demand, they find that haunted flats decline in price by an average of 20%. The authors observe a clear “ripple effect” in the local market. Neighbouring properties fall by 5%; those in the same block drop by 3%; and those in the same estate 1% (see chart).
So ghosts and ghouls are a factor for discerning Hong Kong house-hunters to weigh. But the process by which a property becomes haunted matters, too. Suicides (which account for nearly three-quarters of hauntings in the territory) lower the value of affected properties by between 16% and 28%, depending on the method used; deadly accidents depress prices by 20%. Murders, meanwhile, have the most chilling effect on values, sending prices tumbling by a whopping 36%. Shrewd buyers who ignore the gruesome history of their prospective purchase may find its value goes bump in the night.Entrepreneurial Finance A Global PerspectiveEntrepreneurial Finance A Global Perspective ebook online
- Author: Gary E. Gibbons
- Date: 18 Dec 2014
- Publisher: SAGE Publications Inc
- Original Languages: English
- Format: Paperback::296 pages
- ISBN10: 1452274177
- Country Thousand Oaks, United States
- File name: Entrepreneurial-Finance-A-Global-Perspective.pdf
- Dimension: 152x 228x 17.78mm::390g
Entrepreneurial Finance A Global Perspective ebook online. Real-world case studies on entrepreneurial finance will be discussed during the e.g. Corporate venturing, international perspectives of venture capital finance entrepreneurial finance revolution has done to the world of startup finance. From a control perspective, RBF structures investment as a loan. Robert D. Hisrich, Ph.D., former Director of the Walker Center of Global now in its ninth edition), Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective and Marketing Right here, we have countless ebook Entrepreneurial Finance The Art 16 The Future of Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective 658 Entrepreneurial finance focuses on the needs of new and growing organizations. Rollins students develop global perspective and fine-tune their business content of undergraduate entrepreneurial finance course and the approach to be taken approach to be taken in teaching this course, the respondents preferred taking a Taking students to a real-world experience of meeting with venture Entrepreneurial Finance: The Art and Science of Growing Ventures. An admirable job of incorporating perspectives from academics, entrepreneurs, Considering that the United States remains the global reference point for Read "Entrepreneurial Finance A Global Perspective" Professor Gary E. Gibbons available from Rakuten Kobo. Sign up today and get $5 off your first Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective (9781452274171) Gary E. (Eugene) Gibbons; Robert D. Hisrich; Carlos Marques DaSilva and A Global Perspective Gary Gibbons, Robert D. Hisrich, Carlos M. DaSilva empty, he had little chance of obtaining funding for any entrepreneurial activities. Get this from a library! Entrepreneurial finance:a global perspective. [Gary E Gibbons; Robert D Hisrich; Carlos M DaSilva] - A practical This outstanding Entrepreneurial Finance A Global Perspective is published to give the viewers a perfect concept in addition to wonderful life's Entrepreneurial finance:a global perspective / Gary Gibbons, Thunderbird School of Global Management, Robert D. Hisrich, Thunderbird School of Global Entrepreneurial finance:a global perspective. > Show tabs. DaSilva, Carlos (School of Management Fribourg, HES-SO // University of Applied Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective eBook: Gary E. Gibbons, Robert D. Hisrich, Carlos Marques DaSilva: Kindle Store. Financial Studies dedicated to entrepreneurial finance and innovation, and tremendously, not only in the U.S., but also in the international context (in both :Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective (9781452274171): Gary E. (Eugene) Gibbons, Robert D. Hisrich, Carlos Marques DaSilva: Books. Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective eBook: Gary E. Gibbons, Robert D. Hisrich, Carlos Marques DaSilva: Kindle Store. See who you know at Entrepreneurial Finance Lab [EFL Global], leverage your are coming together and our vision for the future. Financial Management in a Global Context. Provides a summary overview of entrepreneurial finance, with a focus on small businesses, corporate ventures, At Darden, all MBA students build core strength in finance through the It is also important for future financial decision makers to have an international perspective. Financial Service Organization Entrepreneurial Finance and Private Equity Noté 0.0/5: Achetez Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective de Gary E. Gibbons, Robert D. Hisrich, Carlos Marques DaSilva: ISBN: 9781452274171 sur Köp Entrepreneurial Finance av Gary E Gibbons på This comprehensive yet practical approach incorporates a global perspective that appeals to CHAPTER 2: A GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE ON ENTREPRENEURIAL FINANCE. 20. 2.1. How much money do early-stage (TEA) entrepreneurs need to start a Title:Entrepreneurial Finance: A Global Perspective. Publication Date:2014-10-30. List Price (MSRP):64.00. Dust Jacket:False. First Edition:False. An International Journal of Entrepreneurial Finance. Journal homepage New content alerts RSS Subscribe. Citation search Editorial Reviews. About the Author. Dr. Gary Gibbons professional expertise can be divided into two fields: investing and corporate finance. He has extensive
Download to iPad/iPhone/iOS, B&N nook Entrepreneurial Finance A Global Perspective ebook, pdf, djvu, epub, mobi, fb2, zip, rar, torrent
The Classic Works of Ellen Newbold La Motte
Spectacular Adventures! 3 Books in 1!
Read ebook Body After Ba A Simple Healthy Plan to Lose Your Baweight Fast
Finalmente è la fine del mondo
Ueber Das Vorkommen Der Kreidereformation Auf Der Insel Yezo (Hokkaido) (Classic Reprint)Author: Pierre FAUQUE
Viewers: 12
Last month viewers: 1
Package: QCM Class
Evolution of QCM Class
Some time has passed since the first version of QCM Class (February 2002). The techniques have evolved and it's time to update the QCM class. To know how to rewrite it, I would like to know what you are using today. I therefore ask you, if you will, to answer a very simple question which relates to three points: PHP version, database and API used. You can therefore go to the page and answer the questionnaire there.
As soon as the number of responses is significant, QCM Class will be adapted to the needs of the majority of users.
You can also write me here or contact me on Twitter (@fr_phpuser, #QCMCLASS).
You need to be a registered user or login to post a comment
Login Immediately with your account on:Starting a Farm or Farm Co-op 101
24
2017
For over 100 years, co-ops have been addressing community problems through collective and democratic democratic decision-making, based on a set of shared principles. The business structure with the highest rates of success, co-operatives are a wise choice for future businesses. As a result we have seen a wave of new successful food and farm co-ops across North America to address issues of local food systems and economies.
This workshop will explain the fundamentals of what a co-op is, how food and farm co-ops are structured and some key steps to getting your co-op started. Presentation by Peggy Baillie of Local Food and Farm Co-ops. Hosted by Farms at Work.
Get your tickets at the link below!...I am a Bristol based illustrator with a love of abstract artworks and a style of work based upon escapism and my own imaginings. My illustrations are inspired by abstract interpretations of my surroundings living on the river Avon as well as my fascination with flora and wildlife; especially birds and marine life. Much of my work is the partnering of contrasting objects and subjects in my compositions with playful and joyful colour palettes. But most importantly I always look to find and explore childlike wonder in her surroundings and reflect that in my own illustrations.
This is a gallery-quality giclée art print on 100% cotton rag archival paper, printed with archival inks. Each art print is listed by sheet size and features a minimum one-inch border.ele-A
Multi Function
Multi function pen with rotating twist mechanism. Classic, elegant and marbled design in acrylic barrel. 4 colors. Gold fittings.
Ink
Mechanical Pencil : 0.5 mm
Ballpoint Pen / Red or Blue : 0.7 mm
Ballpoint Pen / Red or Black : 0.7 mm
Color
Dark Blue + Gold
Dark Yellow + Gold
Black + Gold
Dark Red + Gold
3F Multi Function
3 Writing points in 1 pen. By twisting the barrel, either a ballpoint pen or a mechanical pencil will be in the writing position.Perfect
Q. Where can I buy B.Box Sport Spout Drink Bottle Strawberry Shake? A. B.Box Sport Spout Drink Bottle Strawberry Shake can be bought online on the Live Healthy Online Store.
Q. What's the origin of this item? A. B.Box Sport Spout Drink Bottle Strawberry Shake is imported out of Australia and manufactured by b.box.
Q. What's the expiry date for B.Box Sport Spout Drink Bottle Strawberry Shake?.MLUI / Articles from 1995 to 2012 / "Beautifully Engineered Bad Idea"
"Beautifully Engineered Bad Idea"
Throng at public hearing opposes Boardman River bridge
July 18, 2003 | By Keith Schneider
Great Lakes Bulletin News Service
TRAVERSE CITY, MI — With nearly 400 people crowded into a local school auditorium, the Granholm administration last night convened a public hearing to consider the Grand Traverse County Road Commission’s plan to build a four-lane, $40 million road and bridge across the Boardman River valley just south of Traverse City.
The overwhelming majority of those who attended and testified at the standing- room-only event opposed the bridge and road, arguing that they would cause irreversible environmental damage and should be cancelled in favor of a more efficient and much less expensive alternative for moving traffic.
“It’s a beautifully engineered bad idea,” said Ray Minervini, a builder and developer from Traverse City who spoke in opposition. “The beauty of the Traverse region is the natural and the built environment. The Boardman Valley is part of that natural environment that is worth preserving. More and bigger roads simply lead to more and bigger sprawl.”
The hearing was called by the state Department of Environmental Quality to consider the road commission’s application to fill at least five acres of wetland as part of the bridge’s construction. It was the Granholm administration’s first public opportunity to fully consider how the proposed road and bridge would affect the region’s environment, economy, and development.
Governor Jennifer Granholm, a Democrat, campaigned in 2002 on a platform that stressed protecting natural resources, fixing roads before building new ones, and taming suburban sprawl. As governor she appointed a 26-member Smart Growth commission to recommend Legislative measures to solve sprawl, appointed a new state Department of Environmental Quality director to enforce environmental laws, and reached agreement with the Legislature to delay construction of 17 new highway projects and invest the saved funds in road repairs.
Fulfilling a Campaign Promise
At the public hearing in Traverse City several people said in interviews that halting the proposed Boardman River bridge offered the governor a clear opportunity to advance her campaign pledges. Doing so, they said, would save money, protect the environment, and enhance the quality of life in the fast-growing Grand Traverse region.
“This is a major test for Governor Granholm,” said Jim Olson, a prominent environmental attorney and general counsel for the Michigan Land Use Institute, which opposes the new bridge. “She talked about restoring the integrity of the DEQ and putting into place a framework for assuring that infrastructure investments such as this one do not undermine her visionary leadership to protect the environment, preserve farmland, and implement a strong land use ethic in Michigan.”
Both proponents and opponents of the road and bridge see the dispute as a signature clash in northwest Michigan over how to preserve environmental values, spur economic development, reduce congestion, and rein in sprawl. According to a poll published in January by the Traverse City Record Eagle, the region’s daily newspaper, residents are deeply divided over the bridge and its consequences for the region. Some 73 percent of young adults 18 to 29 years old oppose the project, according to the poll.
Several prominent members of the region’s business community testified on Thursday in support of the bridge, asserting that the potential environmental damage had been significantly reduced by the road commission’s proposed design and that the economic benefits were paramount. Charles Blankenship, the president of the Traverse Bay Economic Development Corporation, announced that the organization’s board voted earlier Thursday to support the bridge. Rick Stein, a realtor and the chairman of the Traverse City Area Chamber of Commerce, said the road and bridge would reduce traffic congestion and not produce significant environmental harm. “It’s a logical solution to east-west mobility that will improve the quality of life in the area,” Mr. Stein said.
A History of Intense Controversy
The hearing attracted the largest crowd ever to attend a public event in the more than 12 years since the county road commission secured $4.5 million in federal funds to study and launch the project’s preliminary design. The commission asserts that the $40 million project to bridge the Boardman River and link Hartman with Hammond roads will solve the region’s growing traffic congestion.
In 1996, when the project was first publicly unveiled, the location and magnitude of the project attracted immediate and widespread opposition. Opponents described the wild character of the Boardman River, its value as habitat for trout, mink, otter, and eagles, as well as an easily accessible recreational gem for hiking, canoeing, and cross-country skiing.
Opponents said that maintaining the character of the Grand Traverse region depended on protecting clean and beautiful places like the Boardman River valley, and that the new road and bridge would significantly diminish that character and encourage new and sprawling development south of Traverse City. They also said there were better alternatives for dealing with the region’s worsening traffic.
In 1999 the Michigan Land Use Institute and the Coalition for Sensible Growth published “Smart Roads: Grand Traverse Region,” a more environmentally-sensitive, less expensive, and technically-sound alternative plan for reducing traffic congestion. Smart Roads called for modernizing nearby roads and an existing bridge across the Boardman. An analysis by Rick Kuner, a planner and professor at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, found the Smart Roads alternative was equally effective in moving traffic as the road commission’s proposal, and tens of millions of dollars cheaper.
In March 2002, seven months after the Federal Highway Administration approved the design for the road and bridge, five environmental and conservation organizations, including the Institute, filed a lawsuit in state court to halt the project, contending it violated the Michigan Environmental Protection Act.
Earlier this summer the road commission filed an application with the state environmental agency to fill nearly five acres of wetlands for the project. Thursday night’s hearing provided citizens with their first and only opportunity to comment publicly on the application.
Promises Made Do Not Persuade Critics
Michael Dillenbeck, the manager of the Grand Traverse County Road Commission, and a team of business leaders and consultants focused their remarks in support of the project on three areas: Efforts they insist the commission made to minimize environmental damage, the usefulness of the road and bridge to move traffic, and the economic benefits of a new east-west corridor in the region.
The road commission said the four-lane approaches to the bridge were designed to spare several wetlands and forested areas from harm, and that it will build them with the region’s recreational interests in mind. The commission promised to construct a biking and hiking trail alongside the roadway, and it would connect those trails with the county’s existing trail system. The commission said it would create new wetlands and protect other wild ground in the valley.
“This is a very generous mitigation effort,” said a road commission consultant who testified.
Opponents of the project, who vastly outnumbered supporters at the hearing, were unswayed. They focused their remarks on sustaining the wild nature of the Boardman River valley as an asset to the region’s way of life and economy. They noted that a magnificent public park lies along more than four miles of the river’s west bank, funded in part by the state, and would be cut in half by the bridge.
Ann Rogers, an elected member of the Traverse City Commission, outlined the natural resources at risk in the valley and said the project “was not in the public interest of Traverse City.”
Jerry Dennis, a prominent author who fly fishes in the stretch of the river that the bridge would cross, described the Boardman valley as “an incredible treasure, a place that we can take our kids to show them what Michigan used to be, and is still in this very special place.”
The Wetlands Law
Opponents also focused on the state wetlands protection law, enacted in 1979, which requires the road commission to secure a permit to fill wetlands.
In weighing whether to issue a permit, the DEQ must consider the extent of the environmental damage, if the road commission gave enough credence to feasible and prudent alternatives, and the consequences of the project to “recognized historic, cultural, scenic, ecological, or recreational values and on the public health or fish or wildlife.”
Chris Bzdok, an attorney in Traverse City who represents plaintiffs in the case against the bridge, said the state environmental agency can not issue a permit under the law if alternatives exist that are less harmful to the environment than the proposed project. He said the Smart Roads proposal was clearly less harmful.
Scott Howard, an attorney and Mr. Bzdok’s colleague, said that the wetlands in jeopardy “are unique and irreplaceable and that their plan to ‘mitigate’ is questionable.” He said that under the law, the commission must prove that the wooded wetland it plans to buy in order to make up for ruining others is in “imminent danger from destruction and impairment.”
The road commission said on Thursday evening that the imminent danger was potential logging. But Mr. Howard testified that “the quote for logging the property was obtained by Michael Dillenbeck, the manager of the road commission. In effect, the road commission is buying this property to preserve it from itself.”
Karen Ferguson, another attorney who works with Mr. Howard and Mr. Bzdok, said the DEQ is required to look at the broader affects of the proposed bridge, including runoff and water pollution caused by 30,000 vehicles a day crossing the bridge, and the sprawling development the new road will cause.
The DEQ is accepting written comments until Sunday, July 27, 2003. A decision is expected this fall.
Keith Schneider is a journalist and deputy director of the Michigan Land Use Institute. Reach him at keith@mlui.org.Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) President Dana White gave former 205-pound title holder Jon Jones the opportunity to put on some weight to challenge UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou .
Jones, however, believes the promotion disappointed him and backed down from the proposed contract. What followed was a long (and somewhat messy) waiting game that ended with “Bones” asking for his unconditional release.
“Yeah, I absolutely moved on,” White told TMZ Sports. “Look, I have a fight every Saturday. We have a window where we try to build fights and make some things happen. If the fights don’t happen in that window we move on, and realistically, I mean I’ve been saying this from the start, Derrick Lewis is the guy who should get the title. He beat Francis Ngannou. He’s next, he’s putting out a great performance and that’s a conclusion. We move forward. “
With Jones out of the picture, the promotion is expected to book the rematch between Ngannou and Lewis for the end of the summer, depending on the champion’s return schedule. “The Predator” dropped a lukewarm decision to “The Black Beast” in July 2018.
Does that mean Jones is gone for good?
“It depends on Jon,” White insisted. “He absolutely could fight again at 205. He said he won’t fight Stipe and now Derrick and Francis are fighting so we’ll see how this fight plays out. There’s nothing wrong with coming out on top either.
Hopefully Jones kept some of that loot.05 Nov 2021
Client service and client experience – the key differentiators
Financial Times of London recognises Investec as best Private Bank and Wealth Manager in SA
Business paradigms are constantly shifting as the technological revolution continues at breath-taking speed. In this rapidly changing world, research shows that client service is still the key differentiator for any successful business and private banks and wealth managers who do not subscribe to this culture, are fast falling behind.
“Our goal has always been to be a truly client centric business that finds a way to help clients simplify their lives, grow their wealth and protect what matters most to them, locally and internationally. Our differentiation is not what we do, but how we do it. The way we partner with clients is always human, always high tech,” explains Cumesh Moodliar, head of Investec Private Bank South Africa.
Out of the ordinary differentiators
Testament to this, is the recognition by The Financial Times of London who named Investec as the Best Private Bank and Wealth Manager in South Africa for the ninth consecutive year.
Henry Blumenthal, CEO of Investec Wealth & Investment South Africa, reports on the achievements which won them the award. “Investec has remained resilient and true to itself during a period of great volatility and unpredictability. This was not only a time of pandemic, but one in which technology intensified competition and narrowed the margin for client retention.”
“Staying true to ourselves has meant we do not seek to be all things to all people. Our aim is to build well defined, value-adding businesses focused on select market niches where we can compete effectively and build scale and relevance. Our unique positioning is reflected in our iconic brand, our high-tech and high-touch approach and our positive contribution to society, macro-economic stability and the environment. Ours is a culture that values innovative thinking and stimulates extraordinary performance,” adds Blumenthal.
This reflects in business results, which include a 7.6% increase in new Private Banking clients and a 32% increase in funds under management – all in just one year.
Legacy – a Investec One Place™ philosophy
Investec’s banking and investment proposition helps clients realise their goals through a ‘One Place’ philosophy. In an increasingly complex world, the financial needs of individuals and families have become even more demanding, Investec have evolved the One PlaceTM proposition from banking and investments for the individual to a holistic multi-generational solution that offers services, expertise and platforms to their extended families and future generations.
“Legacy means different things to different people. It’s not just about wealth, an inheritance or intergenerational wealth transfer. It’s where wisdom meets wealth. It’s creating, growing and investing in something beyond yourself. But, a legacy doesn’t happen by chance – it has to be nurtured with care and intention,” says Moodliar.
Investec One Place™ brings together the various pieces of this client proposition with a dedicated private banker who connects them to specialists across the business, including wealth managers, investment managers, stockbrokers, life insurance advisers and a tax and fiduciary team. The global Client Support Centre is available 24/7.
Beyond banking
“We take pride in our depth of leadership, and we employ passionate, talented people who are empowered and committed to our mission and values. We believe in forming life-long partnerships with our clients ensuring that each client experience is truly Out of the Ordinary. We will continue to seek new opportunities and evolve with our clients to grow and preserve our clients’ long-term wealth in a way that builds for enduring legacies future generations can be proud of,” concludes Moodliar.Minnetonka Women's 1632 3-Layer Fringe Calf High Boot Brown Suede
by Minnetonka
Save $0.00 Save $-99.95
Original price $99.95 - Original price $99.95
Original price
$99.95
$99.95 - $99.95
Current price $99.95.
Product features:
Product features:
- Soft Suede Leather
- Padded Insole
- Thin Rubber Sole
- Imported
*All Minnetonka shoes are sold and shipped only within the Contiguous Unites States*An Oscar-winning company which builds camera lenses for Hollywood and Bollywood has been sold.
Cooke Optics – whose lenses have been used by the likes of Woody Allen, Ridley Scott and Martin Scorsese – has been bought by Caledonia Investments plc.
The investment trust company has taken an 89 per cent share in the Thurmaston business, in a deal which values Cooke at £96.5 million.
The lens business employs around 130 people and turned over more than £20 million last year.
Around 90 per cent of its lenses are sold overseas, and the unique “Cooke look” has brought viewers hundreds of classic movies.
Cooke lenses were used in the making of Charlie Chaplin, Laurel and Hardy and Keystone Cops films in the early days of Hollywood, through to Gone with the Wind, Some Like It Hot, the James Bond, Star Wars and Superman movies as well as Silence of the Lambs and Titanic.
More recently, they were used for the Harry Potter and Wallace & Gromit films, as well as Game of Thrones, Midsomer Murders, Downton Abbey and Westworld.
In 2013, the business won an Oscar for its contribution to the film industry going back more than a century.
The award was only the 47th to be given to a company.
Cooke lenses were first made in 1894 and today retail from around £6,500 to £20,000 for an anamorphic lens – seen as the definition of the “Cooke look”.
The business is led by chairman Les Zellan, chief executive Robert Howard and chief operating office Alan Merrills.
Caledonia has taken £62.5 million of equity and £30 million of debt to acquire the firm from Growth Capital Partners and Cooke's management team.
Management reinvested £7.8 million of their sales proceeds for the remaining equity.
Most recent accounts showed Cooke made pre-tax profits of £2.8 million, and had gross assets of £33.8 million.
Mr Zellan said: .”
Caledonia spokesman Duncan Johnson.”Epiphone Les Paul Special VE Vintage Edition (Worn Vintage Sunburst). The Epiphone Les Paul Special VE Vintage Edition in Worn Vintage Sunburst, bolt-on neck is fast and comfortable and has'60s since the early 50s with "Vintage Edition" in white. The Les Paul Special VE features Epiphones world famous open-coil humbuckers with a warm 650R in the neck position and a slightly hotter 700T in the bridge or lead position.. Neck Shape: 1960's SlimTaper; D profile. THE BEST PRICE IN EUROPE. Guitars & FX Pedals > Electric Guitars > 6 String. "Epiphone Les Paul Special VE Vintage Edition (Worn Vintage Sunburst)" is in sale since Thursday, April 27, 2017. This item is in the category "Musical Instruments\Guitars & Basses\Electric Guitars". The seller is "guitarampkeyboard" and is located in Brighton.This item can be shipped to European Union member countries.You and your significant other have been trying earnestly for a baby. Yet, you are uncertain as to whether you succeeded in conception or not. Bleeding after conception is one of the earliest indicators of pregnancy. While some women may mistake bleeding from implantation for menstruation or vice versa, the two are distinctly different. Learn what causes implantation bleeding and how to distinguish it from other blood flow.
How and Why It Occurs
Implantation bleeding results after the fertilized egg travels from the fallopian tubes to the uterus an implants there. This journey causes some blood vessels to deteriorate, according to OB-GYN Yen Tran. You can expect to see bleeding from implantation 10 to 14 days after conception.
Noticing blood in your panties is a sign that a sperm has successfully fertilized an egg, which forms an embryo. Only 20 to 40% of women will experience bleeding after conception. Since every pregnancy is unique, it is important to know that because you experience bleeding in one pregnancy does not indicate if you will bleed in future pregnancies.
Is it Implantation Bleeding or Something Else?
Menstrual blood is typically a bright red color. In contrast, bleeding from conception has a pinkish or rusty, brownish color with a much lighter flow for only one to three days. A panty liner should be enough to absorb the discharged blood. The flow is so light, in fact, the panty liner should not have to be changed.
If you notice blood flow more than two months after your last period, it is unlikely the bleeding resulted from implantation.
Other Types of Blood
A miscarriage or ectopic pregnancy may cause heavy bleeding or blood clots. A miscarriage is the unintended end of a pregnancy before 20 weeks of growth. Ectopic pregnancies occur when the embryo is developing in the fallopian tube instead of the uterus. Molar pregnancies, which involve an abnormal development of the placenta, may cause bleeding as well. Some women occasionally experience bleeding that has no known cause. However, the pregnancy will usually continue.
Natural changes in the cervix that happen during pregnancy make it more prone to bleeding, especially after sex. Another condition, placental abruption, may cause bleeding as the placenta comes away from the uterine wall.
Should I Get Medical Help?
The bleeding following conception should not require any medical treatment. Expect to feel mild cramping. This is a sign that the egg has implanted, and the uterus is undergoing changes to maintain the growing embryo.
You should seek medical attention, however, if the flow becomes heavier than a normal period. Likewise, seek medical help if you experience chills, fever or severe cramps.
How Can I Be Sure?
So, you have a light, spotty flow, but you want to be certain it is indeed bleeding from implantation. Luckily, there are some other indicators to help you know if you are pregnant. Bleeding from conception typically occurs around the time you would expect to receive your cycle. Additionally, you may experience early pregnancy symptoms such as fatigue, nausea or vomiting, and frequent urination. Menstruation sets in about two weeks after ovulation. If bleeding occurs earlierer in the cycle, it is usually implantation bleeding.
It is a great idea to take a pregnancy test if you have light bleeding and any number of early pregnancy symptoms. Wait a few days after the bleeding stops to take a home pregnancy test. If you’re still uncertain, speak to your OB-GYN to confirm the pregnancy with an ultrasound or bloodwork. Moreover, an ultrasound will allow your physician to tell you the age of the fetus.Kalsang Dawa
Kalsang Dawa is a Tibetan artist and instructor who specializes in the use of visual art practices for healing, self-awareness and interpersonal connection. Kalsang is a lineage holding student of renowned thangka master, Venerable Sengye Yeshi, the late personal painter for His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama.
Inspired and informed by Buddhist philosophy, Kalsang shares his creative practices through art presentations, exhibits, and interactive workshops for people of all backgrounds. These endeavours are growing every day, as Kalsang reaches out to different artists and communities to collaborate on creative projects and the healing arts.LILFOX
Dreamed up in 2014 in a poolside bungalow by Alexis Rose. A perfumer, aromatherapist and aromatherapy educator trained in organic cosmetic formulation. A Miami-living devotee of all things beautiful. Erstwhile wine professional with expertise in fine, sensory indulgences.
A lifelong potion-maker.
She's formulated her line for bonvivants with an appreciation for detail. Out of the ordinary, aromatic experiences. A personal, artistic touch for your daily beauty rhythms.
!
To start, I want to explain a little how I came up with the idea to recommend 10 bad romantic movies. You see, over the years I’ve noticed that some of the romantic movies, which I actually like, are rated super low on Rotten Tomatoes. Therefore, here are 10 bad romantic movies that that all have a rotten, below 50% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, but are actually way better than Fifty Shades of Grey (and those other two movies that followed).
CATCH AND RELEASE (2007),
21% on Rotten Tomatoes
There are a few movies here on this list, that make this list because of the leading man. Catch and Release is here because of Timothy Olyphant, and his sexy voice and well, look at him, the man is hot! So instead of watching Jamie Dornan’s soft baby skin tiny chin, watch Timothy’s subtle beard and drool while his on screen. Then there’s also this scene, which has more sexual chemistry than Dornan and Dakato Johnson in their three movies combined. In other words, I don’t really remember Catch and Release that well, but I do remember that Jennifer Garner’s character has recently lost her fiencé, and they take a fishing trip and Timothy appears!
MAID IN MANHATTAN (2002),
39% on Rotten Tomatoes
A modern cinderella story of a rich man mistaking a maid for someone wealthy, and she goes along with it. Sounds familiar? I mean, the overall plot sounds like the Fifty Shades, vaguely, but the actual plot and everything about Maid in Manhattan is much better. Sure, it’s not the best from Ralph Fiennes, and it is still Jenny from the block, but it’s about a maid falling in love with a rich man, who loves her back! This is what every woman wants! That, and that white coat she’s wearing, damn, that is a great coat!
THE WEDDING DATE (2005),
11% on Rotten Tomatoes
I actually really really love this movie, and it’s shocking to see it rated only 11% by the critics, but luckily, the audience seemed to like it way more. The Wedding Date is about a woman hiring an escort to accompany her to a wedding weekend. Debra Messing is charming, funny, and Dermot Mulroney is not bad to look at either. And he also does this. My guilty pleasure romance books are about faking a relationship, so this movie is appeals to me on many levels.
LOVE AND OTHER DRUGS (2010),
49% on Rotten Tomatoes
This one barely made the cut, but still, Love And Other Drugs is rated rotten and it’s actually unfair to Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway, who do a pretty good job. The movie tackles two big plots at the same time, based on real life events, while Gyllenhaal’s character is connected to the Viagra evolution, Hathaway struggles with personal problems and their relationship. Bonus, you get to see Gyllenhaal’s ass, and it’s way better than Dornan’s.
TWO WEEKS NOTICE (2010),
42% on Rotten Tomatoes
Sandra Bullock is the queen of romantic movies, she has been in them for as long as I remember. Two Weeks Notice is one of her lesser discussed ones, but it’s still good and funny! Bullock’s character is Hugh Grant’s assistant, but the movie starts when she gives in her two weeks notice, and he’s not thrilled. You can see how this ends from a mile away, but it’s a fun ride there and Bullock almost always delivers.
SIX DAYS, SEVEN NIGHTS (1998),
36% on Rotten Tomatoes
Harrison Ford is hot, just admit it, and we can move on because Six Days, Seven Nights is not as bad as its Rotten Tomatoes score lets us believe. The two main characters are polar opposites, they don’t even get along in the beginning, and they shouldn’t work on paper, but they do! It’s about them two ending up on stranded on an island, and trying to survive. Plus, like I said, Ford, no matter how old he is, is hot.
CHASING LIBERTY (2004),
19% on Rotten Tomatoes
There is a reason for this pick, and that reason is Matthew Goode, and that’s a pretty good reason. Sure, this is your stereotypical teen movie, where the daughter of the President rebels against her father and takes off. And is sort of stuck with Goode’s character, but that’s explained later. It’s cheesy, it’s filled with clichés, but I’d watch it again, something I’d never do with Fifty Shades of Grey.
THE ACCIDENTAL HUSBAND (2009),
6% on Rotten Tomatoes
The Accidental Husband, from all the movies in this list, is probably my second least favourite and that’s because the plot here is horrible. A man revenge marries a woman, without her knowing about it, right before she’s about to get married. Then she gets drunk and it gets super fun. But the reason I forgive everything stupid that happens in this movie is Jeffrey Dean Morgan. That. Man. Is. Delicious. And trust me, his like way better than Dornan, way way better!
BECAUSE I SAID SO (2007),
4% on Rotten Tomatoes
There isn’t a movie that Gabriel Macht has been in, that has been rated fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, which makes me sad because how could you hate on that face? But, I do think Because I Said So has a very bad plot, because Mandy Moore’s character juggles two men at the same time. It’s the reason it’s my least favourite movie on this list, but still, it’s better than Fifty Shades of Grey because it has Diane Keaton AND Macht. And Macht is hot, and Macht is good to look at, and I’d just watch this movie to look at him. I’d not watch Fifty Shades of Grey again to look at Dornan – ever!
P.S. I LOVE YOU (2007),
24% on Rotten Tomatoes
How in the world, has this movie got a 24% on Rotten Tomatoes. It has Jeffrey Dean Morgan, naked! That scene alone gives this movie a fresher score than many of the other movies on this list. Plus, Gerard Butler actually doesn’t suck in this one either, and it’s a great story. Lisa Kudrow delivers a brilliant supporting role, Jeffrey SINGS, and again, Jeffrey’s ass! This rotten score is truly beyond me, because I don’t understand the hate, because again, who would ever give Jeffrey’s ass a rotten score?!
So there you have it, 10 bad romantic movies that are better than Fifty Shades of Grey. And now promise me, if you haven’t seen Fifty Shades yet, or you’re thinking about watching it again, please don’t. Do yourself a favor and watch any of these bad romantic movies instead, trust me, they’re way way better!
26 thoughts on “10 Bad Romantic Movies That Are Better Than Fifty Shades of Grey”
I am so puzzled about this PS: I Love You score whenever I see it. It’s a really lovely idea for a movie, Butler is surprisingly great, particularly in a deleted scene which I never understood why was deleted
Two Weeks Notice is so funny that scene where she needs to do number two had me laughing so hard
Same, like, it has such a low score for a movie that is so much better. Sometimes yes, the score is rotten, but it’s still like above 50% but 24% for PS I Love You?!? Outrageous! And that scene just made me cry, ugh, oh well. I understand them leaving it out, I remember Butler’s character healthy and that image of him being sick was even now too much to handle.
I like most of these movies, they’re not bad at all! Rotten Tomatoes sucks.
I’m telling you, the romantic movies on Rotten Tomatoes are very often wrongly rated!
I’ve enjoyed a lot of these movies (I’ve even watched Catch and Release more times than it warrants because of Timothy Olyphant and Jennifer Garner). I need to add Accidental Husband and Six Days, Seven Nights to my watch list. I have watched many “bad” Rom Coms but not those two!
Well, this just proves my point, doesn’t it!? Let me know what you think about the two you haven’t seen yet!
I thoroughly enjoy Catch and Release and watch it at least once a year. As for “that” scene…it is one of my favourite romantic movie kisses of all time.
Meant to add…this is a good list of yours. The Wedding Date is so much fun. And…Chasing Liberty, don’t you just love that “unhinged” line of Matthew Goode…it is just wonderful. And Because I Said So is also sweet.
Right?! Thank you for agreeing with me! And I agree, that Catch and Release kiss is so… passionate and you could cut that sexual chemistry with a knife!
I’m surprised you agree with Chasing Liberty, it’s one of those picks I’m always hesitant to mention as my favourite, but then again, Goode is simply so good! 😀
I’ve only seen Two Weeks Notice and PS I Love You. I love Sandra Bullock so obviously I loved the first one. The second, I wasn’t expecting much from it but it was so good and I cried so much. I can’t believe it has 24% on RT
2 out of 10? Well, get on it and watch the other 8. I’m sure you’ll not like all of them but I’m sure you’ll find a few that might be up your alley! 🙂
Yeah, I’m not really fond of these films but… I will totally agree with you on the fact that they’re much better films than those Fifty Shades of Bullshit as at least the women in those films are treated much better and have some personality no matter how badly written some of those films are. Plus, there’s some porn films that actually do a much better job in its treatment of women than Fifty Shades of Bullshit. At least they make men grovel and overwhelm them. Plus, they actually have the courage to make choices unlike Anastasia and the guys actually show their penises unlike Christian who looks like he’s had a dildo shoved up his ass.
Wow, the most honest comment here. Thank you! And I agree, completely, and utterly and I can’t believe Fifty Shades got to three movies and nobody stopped them.. not even the women who hoarded themselves to the cinema in large groups to watch something and gush about it and like it, while I’m sitting here thinking, were we watching the same thing!?
That’s because either they have poor taste in men or never had good sex. I read a tweet from a porn actress who went to see Black Panther and she said that film got her wet, something Fifty Shades couldn’t do.
But that means there are so many men with bad tastes and bad sex…. that’s so sad.
Well, I now got a good idea for a post.. thanks! 😀 😀
You’re welcome. And that is true what you’re saying about most men.
Confession: I’ve never seen any of these movies, although I feel like I owe it to myself to watch Love and Other Drugs…I’ve heard great things despite that score.
OMG!!! Well, PS I Love You is a must as well! Trust me!
Why is the rotten tomato rating for Catch and Relase so loooow? I love that movie to bits and I am usually not a fan of Garner to be honest. OMG … I’ve actually watchted all of these movies COUNTLESS times (except for Love and other Drugs cause I don’t like that one). Now I feel like I have questionable taste in romantic movies … BUT I never actually watched 50 Shades and I don’t intend to, so there’s always that.
No idea, it’s a pretty great little movie! And don’t feel bad, I like and watched these movies more than once too, and all of them have bad scores for no reason imo! I called them bad because rotten tomatoes says so, but I think they’re good, so we’re good! 😀
I agree about Hathaway and Gyllenhaal in Love and Other Drugs. They were both really good in it. And to think all the marketing of that film was just because they were naked.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan is so bad on The Walking Dead that I cringe when looking at him now so PS I Love You’s score doesn’t surprise me. lol
The marketing was so off, they made it more about the Viagra aspect but I think it was more about the romance aspect. The movie was just so weirdly balanced!
Oh I don’t watch The Walking Dead so I still look at him lovingly! 😀
Matthew Goode is the reason to watch Chasing Liberty! I liked Two Weeks Notice, The Wedding Date (one of my favorite romance tropes), and Maid in Manhattan. They were enjoyable movies.
Agreed! Cheesy teen movie with Goode just works! 😀
Favourite romance trope!? Yaas! I agree! 😀
Timothy Olyphant is so hot… Jamie Dornan… so not.
Exactly… though Dornan in The Fall was hot.. not anymore though. trouble sleeping, my imagination picks up where the show and second movie left off.
I think about this shit a lot, so I thought I’d write it down.
So, if you’re a weirdo like me, I hope you enjoy.
And please don’t judge my writing; it’s fan fiction.
(P.S. Writing about sexy times is hard for me, so it might take a couple of bottles of wine before I write sexy-fun-time-stuff.)
—-
When we last saw Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, they were clinging to one another in a New Mexico hotel bed, desperately staving off fear and hopelessness. They had just discovered that the end of the world was near, and there was nothing they could do about it.Lakefield Animal Welfare Society is currently implementing a new adoption process to comply with COVID-19 regulations to ensure the health and safety of staff, adopters, and animals.
CAT ADOPTION PROCEDURE
All cats available for adoption will be posted on our website under the Adopt A Pet page. Please read their profiles carefully as important information regarding sociability and health is there.
If you are interested in a cat, please call us at the shelter (705) 652-0588 to arrange a meet-n-greet with the cat. Our policy is to give adoption priority to the first contacter and then create a list of other people interested. If the first person does not adopt the cat we will follow up with the next person on this list.
As per our COVID-19 policies, only 1 visitor may visit the cat. Proper PPE is required, along with our hand washing and sanitizing procedures which will be communicated to you again when you arrive. Instructions for entry to the shelter are posted on our front doors.
Because of our recent renovations, cat visits will be in one of our back rooms, and not in our main room. The cat will be brought to you to meet, and if it is a match, you will fill out the adoption forms, pay the adoption fee and take your cat home. Please bring your own cat carrier with you – medium to large cat carriers are best for an adult cat.
SPECIAL CAT ADOPTIONS
There are certain cats that need a specific home to fit their special needs. Please complete the application form and email it to info@lakefieldanimalwelfare.org We will contact qualified families to further discuss the cat’s needs and possible adoption.
KITTEN ADOPTION PROCEDURE
During kitten season we sometimes have over 50 kittens in our foster homes. Due to the high numbers, we refer inquiries to our Foster Coordinator to organize our kitten adoptions. If you are looking for a kitten please call the shelter at (705) 652-0588 and the Adoption Coordinator will contact you.Welcome! You Must Have Great Friends.
Natural household & personal careFrom natural household to personal care, everything at Grove is better for you and the planet—and really works!
Choose your FREE gift set, from Mrs. Meyer’s to Grove’s plastic-free line!
- Free, carbon offset shipping
- Free Grove VIP trial
- No monthly commitments required
By submitting your email, you accept Grove's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Master of Science Dissartation
Right above the core-mantle boundary beneath Africa and central Pacific, seismological observations have revealed regions of reduced shear velocity, referred as Large Low Shear Velocity Provinces (LLSVP). Their seismic structure, influence on the mantle dynamics and genesis is largely unknown. They likely correspond to dense, chemically distinct material accumulates on the core-mantle boundary.
To investigate the eastern border of the Pacific LLSVP we processed data from natural earthquakes using the IRIS catalogue and Wilber II tool. We calculated differential travel times between S diffracted and SKS arrivals, as well as S diffracted and synthetic seismograms calculated with respect to the PREM velocity reference model. Then we employed a simple ray-tracing algorithm to determine the velocity change in certain areas of the ray path. We calculated deviations from the PREM model for depths of range between 1000 and 2800 km, and the optimal LLSVP border. The results were compared with the data for the southern border of the African LLSVP.
In the geodynamic chapter we wanted to link seismological observations with results from numerical modeling. We used a two-dimensional model of mantle convection and calculated dense material distribution in the lower thermal boundary layer for different densities, Rayleigh number values and radiogenic heat productions. For certain density differences between the convecting layer material (the mantle) and dense material in the lowermost layer we obtained two dinstinct regions of accumulation that may correspond to the observed LLSVPs.Happy New Year to you all! I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas.
Today on the blog, I’m very excited to share some of my favourite images from 2014. It’s a selection of my very best newborn, baby, children and family portrait photographs that have been taken on location in family homes in London and across the UK throughout the past twelve months.
It’s been incredibly hard narrowing down the pictures to this selection, as there are so many pictures that I have loved from our family photo shoots – from tiny newborn babies held in their parents’ arms, to laughing toddlers running in the park and enormous families enjoying a rare day spent together to celebrate a special occasion. It's always such a privilege to photograph the families that I meet, often then revisiting them year-after-year to update their family pictures.
It’s been a fantastic year for photography; as always, I have striven to take the very best pictures that I can – images that capture the personalities of the children I photograph and the dynamics of each individual family, and also the incredible environments I have been lucky to photograph – from London’s majestic parks to Yorkshire’s stunning beaches and the rolling countryside of the Cotswold hills.
I do hope you take a couple of minutes to enjoy this selection of the best of our children’s and family portrait photography from 2014 (it's best viewed full-screen: just click the expand button in the bottom right corner of the video) – do let us know what you think, and we look forward to sharing more pictures from our forthcoming shoots with you throughout 2015.
If you would like to arrange a photo shoot for your own family, please do contact us – we would love to hear from you.FingerprintDive into the research topics of 'Richtmyer-Meshkov instability of an unperturbed interface subjected to a diffracted convergent shock'. Together they form a unique fingerprint.
- Sort by
- Weight
- Alphabetically
Liyong Zou, Mahamad Al-Marouf, W. Cheng, Ravi Samtaney, Juchun Ding, Xisheng Luo
Research output: Contribution to journal › Article › peer-reviewTwo North Carolina State University College of Veterinary Medicine professors have been awarded research grants from the Center for Gastrointestinal Biology and Disease (CGIBD).
Casey M. Theriot, an assistant professor of infectious disease in the Department of Population Health and Pathobiology, and Laurianne Van Landeghem, an assistant professor in the Department of Molecular Biomedical Sciences, are two of five recipients of the grants awarded yearly by CGIBD, a joint program at NC State and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
The competitive CGIBD grant program funds researchers pursuing innovative research on digestive diseases. Dr. Theriot will study altering stomach bile acid to stop growth of a bacterium that causes infection. The research aims to identify bacterial strains that could treat and prevent certain gastrointestinal disorders.
For more information about the grant program, go to.Robert Eckelman
Companies & Industries should remember things change!
Updated: Nov 20, 2020
88% of the Fortune 500 firms that existed in 1955 are gone.
Remember
Pay Phones
Blockbuster Video
8 Tracks | Records| CD’s | Polaroid
Circuit City| Radio Shack |Toys R US
Borders Books
Daily Newspaper
Remember that things change!
Have you changed?
Businesses must innovate, future-proof, find trends & consumer shifts, experiment & transform from a position of strength rather than a last resort. thinking about what the customer wants first, what corporate wants second? (this does not mean putting the company second). Look at other successful businesses in other industries, figure out what may be relevant to your company. Innovation is intentional, it is a commitment, it is collaborative, and it is incentivized.
These companies were once in bankruptcy and have emerged quite strong and innovative: Apple, Ally Financial, Marvel Entertainment, TexacoSeries: Little Big Band Series Format: Softcover Score & Parts Artist: Cannonball Adderley Composer: Nat Adderley Arranger: Mark Taylor
Level: 4
Recorded by the acclaimed Cannonball Adderley Quintet in the 1960s, Jive Samba became one of Nat Adderley's best-known standards. Arranged here for little big band and in a moderate cha-cha style, this chart features a duet of trumpet and alto sax and later a creative shout chorus using mixed meters.
$45.00 (US) Inventory #HL 07012694 UPC: 888680099428 Width: 9.0" Length: 12.0"
Prices and availability subject to change without notice.
Series: Little Big Band Series
07012694Lose yourself to dance: Why rhythm-based workouts like Zumba may be one of the most effective ways to lose weight
According to one study, people who do Zumba can burn more than 9 kilocalories every minute and go up to 60% of VO2Max during the workout.
Since the original "fitness-party", as Zumba is also known, there's been incredible growth in the number of workouts that draw on dance styles
According to one study, people who do Zumba can burn more than 9 kilocalories every minute and go up to 60% of VO2Max during the workout
With twists, quick-turns, jumps, change of pace, dancing forces us to sweat the smallest muscles - these are important for maintaining balance
Around 33 years ago, an aerobics instructor in Cali, Columbia, got to the workout studio and realised he’d forgotten his music at home. In desperation, he pulled out the only other music he had in his backpack: Latin music. With moves adapted from salsa, merengue, cumbia and samba, he completed the class to rave reviews. He'd just created Zumba.
Zumba travelled to the US at the turn of the 21st century, and then to the rest of the world soon after.
Since the original “fitness-party”, as Zumba is also known, there’s been incredible growth in the number of workouts that draw on dance styles. From Bollywood dancing to Soul line dancing, there’s a whole range of rhythm-based workouts to choose from. There’s also growing research on the science behind dance workouts.
“Dance is the most fundamental of the arts involving direct expression through the use of body movements and expressions. As such it is a powerful form of therapy,” wrote Patricia T. Alpert of the University of Nevada, US, in the journal Home Health Care & Practice, in 2010. “But it wasn’t until the 21st century that creative art therapies such as dance evolved as a form of complementary medicine for both psychological and physical illnesses,” she added.
Soul line dancing involves moving to Soul music which evolved in the U.S. in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s and includes elements of the Blues and R&B.
Here’s a quick look at why it’s a good idea to put on your dancing shoes:
Endurance
You’ve probably heard of VO2Max: the maximum amount of oxygen your body can use during a workout. The greater your VO2Max, the more calories you can burn for energy and the longer you can carry on exercising without getting tired.
According to one study, people who do Zumba can burn more than 9 kilocalories every minute and go up to 60% of VO2Max during the workout - exercising at 40-85% of VO2 Max can improve cardiovascular health, the study added.
Cardio workouts from running to cycling and step aerobics can all increase your VO2 max over time. But dance workouts have an added advantage: the rising and falling tempo of the music gives you moments to catch your breath in-between bursts of intense activity.
Balance, flexibility and coordination
Try standing on one foot. Now, try closing your eyes. Can you feel your ankles wobbling? This is because we often overlook areas like the ankle in our workouts. With twists, quick-turns, jumps, change of pace, dancing forces us to sweat the smallest muscles - these are important for maintaining balance.
Coordination and rhythm are also key benefits of a dance workout. Increasingly, sports instructors are looking at dance training and vice-versa to improve performance through better rhythm and strength.
“Because dance training involves the memorization and constant repetition of precise steps, it can also help athletes become more coordinated,” wrote Dan Ketchum in SportsRec, a fitness magazine. “More than that, dance classes that focus on group routines can sharpen spatial awareness, which is crucial to sports that require athletes to track a tiny ball across a playing field that's dozens of yards long,” he added.
Some dance forms — like Soul line dancing — can be quite gentle. They can help older people and those living with lifestyle diseases get started on their journey towards fitness.
Mental acuity
While it's okay to make plenty of mistakes during a dance routine, it can be quite rewarding to try and learn a new(ish) dance workout sequence in every class. It keeps the mind active even as it works out the body.
Research shows that dancing can affect the parts of the brain that control memory and skills such as planning. Naturally, some dance forms — say, tap dancing — are trickier to remember (and therefore better exercise for the brain) than others.
According to a study done with people aged 65-75, a 40-minute dance routine that combines simple movements into a long sequence can improve brain function in the elderly. The researchers added that the sudden movement changes can also improve alertness and responsiveness.
Dance also has positive outcomes for learning among young children. In "Dancing through the school day: How dance catapults learning in elementary education", an article published in the Journal of Physical Education, Recreation & Dance in 2013, researcher K.M. Becker argued that dance is just a set of simple movements joined gracefully together. She wrote that it's important for teachers to incorporate movement by asking students to perform their action verbs, for example. This can help the children to learn concepts faster, and retain information better.
Finally, the next time you get a chance, observe how babies move to a song that they like. Even when they can’t balance, they’re happy to try new moves that challenge them. When we dance, we let go of some of our inhibitions. And when we stop being self-conscious, we can push our bodies to do more.
Health articles in Firstpost are written by myUpchar.com, India’s first and biggest resource for verified medical information. At myUpchar, researchers and journalists work with doctors to bring you information on all things health. For similar articles on fitness, please visit Fitness: Benefits, Components and Types.<<
Fitness startup Sarva attracts investment from Jennifer Lopez, Malaika Arora; aims to set up 500 centres in India by 2022
In a first-of-its-kind move, Jennifer Lopez, Alex Rodriguez, Malaika Arora, have come together to raise around $6-$8 million in Sarva
Maharashtra govt allows gyms, fitness centres in state to reopen from 25 October
During a virtual meeting with representatives of gyms and fitness centres, Uddhav Thackeray said group activities like Zumba, yoga and steam and sauna facilities will not be allowed
Grandma’s got the zumba moves: Singapore seniors prove they've still got it
Many of us can easily whip out our running shoes or head to the gym. Some seniors, however, because of their ailments, no longer exercise or attend any fitness classes.These assets could outpace even bitcoin in 2021. They are the three unstoppable shares to consider incorporating if you should be looking to avoid bitcoin’s nauseating volatility and purchase a few great businesses.
Teladoc Wellness
No matter what occurs utilizing the coronavirus illness 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in 2021, it’s going to be another great 12 months for the predominantly protective, yet high-growth medical sector. Few, if any, healthcare stocks offer more long-term and instant upside than virtual health giant Teladoc wellness (NYSE:TDOC).
As you’re able to imagine, Teladoc was a core beneficiary of this pandemic. Medical practitioners wished to keep possibly sick and clients that are at-risk of their workplaces, so they leaned on virtual visits more than ever. Teladoc saw its number that is aggregate of visits a lot more than triple between the start of April additionally the end of September.
Nevertheless, this is usually a trend that is sustainable even with the pandemic. Digital visits are billed at a lesser rate than workplace visits, and therefore wellness insurers will market them increasingly. Additionally, enhanced simplicity of access to physicians may lead to client that is improved and paid off incidence of high-cost chronic ailments. Additionally does not hurt that virtual visits are far more convenient for patients and physicians.
In 2010 may also be the first time Teladoc and Livongo wellness run as a entity that is solitary. November Teladoc bought applied wellness signals company Livongo in a cash-and-stock deal that closed in early. Livongo’s enterprise model provides guidelines which can be helpful people with chronic conditions. These nudges induce lasting behavioral modifications. Despite securing only a little over 1% regarding the U.S. diabetes market, Livongo turned profitable for a foundation that is recurring to its purchase.
Now beneath the Teladoc umbrella, Livongo is free to expand to indications which can be new like high blood pressure and weight reduction, and cross-sell within Teladoc’s system. In a nutshell, this business’s sales could times that are double many this ten years. These assets could outpace even bitcoin in 2021.
All of a sudden, the U.S. cooking pot industry has more catalysts than it could count. In under per week, Joe Biden will undoubtedly be sworn in as the President that is 46th of United States. Meanwhile, on Jan. 5, Georgia residents narrowly voted both Democratic Party applicants in to the U.S. Senate. Presuming lawmakers vote along party lines, Democrats need a big part that is narrow both homes of Congress for the following 2 yrs. This implies a path for federal legalization or cannabis banking reform now exists.
Cresco
But Cresco Labs does not require congressional action to enjoy a year that is very good. First, the organization is making significant headway regarding the front side that is retail. Though it just holds 29 total licenses that are retailor the reduced end of this range, relative to other billion-dollar MSOs), 10 regarding the business’s 20 running dispensaries have been in Illinois. The Land of Lincoln is just a restricted license state, meaning businesses maximizing their retail existence (presently a max of 10 shops) will be able to gobble up significant share of the market that is leisure.
Perhaps even more impressive is Cresco Labs’ wholesale operations. While wholesale is a portion that is lower-margin retail, Cresco is more than making up of these lower margins with excellent amount. As a result of its purchase of Origin House 12 months ago, Cresco came into possession of Origin’s highly cannabis which are lucrative license in California. This provided the ongoing business access to almost 600 dispensaries throughout the Golden State. As California, the cannabis that is top worldwide by yearly sales, works through red tape and opens brand new dispensaries, Cresco’s wholesale opportunity will still only develop.
Cresco still seems like a discount that is major the U.S. cannabis area.
Development stock investors can also put their faith behind social media Pinterest that is up-and-comer) in 2021.
Like Teladoc, Pinterest had been a beneficiary that is direct of pandemic. Individuals stuck at home spent more hours online as well as on their phones. Pinterest had logged typical individual that is annual of 30% between 2017 and 2019, but saw an even bigger uptick in 2020. Pinterest also found business that is extra the summer, each time a a small number of prominent companies boycotted Twitter over its marketing practices.
Pinterest is set up to ensure success long following the ends which are pandemic. Most of the business’s new users are offshore. Though typical revenue per worldwide user is much lower than per U.S. users, Pinterest’s rapidly increasing individual that is monthly active is having small difficulty attracting new advertising bucks in these overseas markets. The capacity to increase revenue that is normal international user many times over this decade is the reason Pinterest’s development rate is phenomenal.
Pinterest additionally finds itself in the perfect place to make use of the rapidly growing room that is e-commerce. Utilizing the company’s users willingly sharing the things, places, and services that interest them, all Pinterest needs to do is connect smaller businesses to these consumers that are inspired. The business has beefed up its use of video clip to keep its users more involved. It has also partnered with Shopify to give businesses which are tiny possibilities. These assets could outpace even bitcoin in 2021.On November 10th, Xingchu Century Technology Co., Ltd. and Pakistan Fauji Fertilizer Company (FFC) successfully signed a 2MW photovoltaic project contract
Company name change announcement:
"Common Dream" series of books focus on green photovoltaic construction in Pakistan in Xingchu Century
Zonergy 250MW Pastoral and Photovoltaic New Energy Project Begins Construction
"Double.Purpose
The COIN-OR Foundation, Inc., is a non-profit educational and scientific foundation that was formed in March 2004 to manage the COIN-OR project. The COIN-OR project was first announced publicly at the 17th International Symposium on Mathematical Programming (ISMP) conference in Atlanta in the summer of 2000. It is governed by the COIN-OR Foundation by-laws.
The mission of the COIN-OR Foundation, Inc., is to create and disseminate knowledge related to all aspects of computational operations research. To accomplish this mission, the Foundation will:
- Promote and support community-driven development of open-source software that exploits state-of-the-art research in OR;
- Develop and deploy an academic peer review process and forum for publication and citation of open-source software for OR;
- Facilitate the sharing of OR technology among scholars and practitioners;
- Increase community awareness and use of software tools published by the Foundation;
- Support the establishment of open standards for data interchange and software interoperability.
Structure of the Foundation
The Foundation is registered in the USA as a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) educational organization. The Foundation is run by a Strategic Leadership Board (SLB) and a Technical Leadership Council (TLC), both of whose members are elected by Full Members of the Foundation. Individual projects are managed by Project Managers, who report to the TLC.
Membership
Full Membership in the Foundation is offered to those individuals who make substantial non-monetary contributions to the work of the Foundation, typically in the form of code, documentation, or other work. Full Members elect the Strategic Leadership Board (SLB) and Technical Leadership Council (TLC). Chair, Membership Committee..
Strategic Partners
The COIN-OR Foundation recognizes the INFORMS Computing Society (ICS) as a strategic partner, and cooperates with the ICS in a number of ways, including co-sponsorship of many conference tracks and sessions.
Records
We are governed by the COIN-OR Foundation by-laws. A complete copy of the records of the Foundation, including by-laws and minutes, are located on the Foundation records page. See also for a list of documents from AGM’s and other events.
2017 Annual Report (pdf)
2018 Annual General Meeting Minutes (wiki) (21 March 2018)
2020 Annual Report (wiki)
2021 Annual Report (wiki)Death In Vegas - Back To Mine album FLAC
- Performer: Death In Vegas
- Title: Back To Mine
- Genre: Electronic / Rock
- Country: UK
- Formats: MP1 WMA MP4 DXD AHX MP3 AC3
- Released: 2004
- Style: Psychedelic Rock, Folk Rock, Country Rock, Downtempo, New Wave, Leftfield
- MP3 album: 1706 mb
- FLAC album: 1170 mb
- Rating: 4.8/5
- Votes: 401
Death in Vegas' sixth studio album was released on 27 May 2016 on Fearless' "Drone" record label, featuring vocals by writer and sex symbol Sasha Grey. The former Throbbing Gristle members Chris & Cosey remixed Consequences of love-a Transmission song performed and composed by Grey and Fearless-and in 2017 Michael Mayer adapted the Chris & Cosey remix in his DJ-Kicks album. Vice described Transmission as an "EBM-inspired romp through the darker edges of the sleazier clubs in the nightlife spectrum". Back to Mine Vol. 16 (January 2004) as part of the Back to Mine series. Milk It: The Best of Death in Vegas (February 2005). The Best of Death in Vegas (October 2007).".
What others are saying. Death In Vegas - Back To Mine. Album Art. What others are saying. Album cover art is often considered to be one of the "extincted" fields in modern graphics design. That's a pity because album covers can be extremely expressive and convey the message of the album in a number of creative ways. This post attempts to prove exactly that.
Death in Vegas is a company incorporated in London, Great Britain 1994 British band whose sound elements of pop, psychedelic rock, big beat and dub included. Death in Vegas was founded in 1994 by Richard Fearless and Steve Helier under the name of Dead Elvis and shortly thereafter received a recording contract with Concrete Records. Once they had established their own record label Drone Records, was released, according to an article for the remix series Back to Mine, their fourth album Satan 's Circus. In contrast to the previous two albums were here before any guest vocalists; the music had now again a much more electronic impact, reminiscent in part to the power plant.. 2004 - Back To Mine: Death in Vegas. Tracklisting: 01. The Upsetters - Cloak & Dagger (4:09) 02.
Death in Vegas' sixth studio album was released on 27 May 2016 on Fearless' "Drone" record label, featuring vocals by writer and sex symbol Sasha Grey. Button plays drums in Hawkins's backing band Thee Awkward Silences and also in . V bassist Mat Flint's band Deep Cut, as well as playing guitar for Dot Allison.
The Contino Sessions. 1. Album + Compilation. Back to Mine: Death in Vegas.
Röyksopp - Back to Mine Norwegian duo Royksopp are contributors to the low-key, electronic pop genre dubbed 'The Bergen Wave'. Back To Mine - Death In Vegas. Back To Mine - Audio Bullys. These Are The Breaks - Mixed By Krafty Kuts.Love Letter Collection 2008
Various
Read by LibriVox Volunteers
LibriVox readers have cast their nets wide to create this small collection of letters and poems, from fiction and from life, from heart to heart and from soul to soul. With love for St Valentine. (Summary by Peter Yearsley) (0 hr 44 min)Butter-tender beef tenderloin boasts a savory filling of shallots and spinach. teaspoons coarse ground pepper
3/4 cup Land O Lakes® Heavy Whipping Cream
STEP 1
Heat oven to 400°F. Cut deep slit, horizontally, almost through roasts to form pocket. Open roasts so they lay flat.
STEP 2
Place bacon into 12-inch nonstick skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until bacon is crisp. Remove bacon with slotted spoon to small bowl. Pour all but 1 tablespoon bacon drippings from skillet into another small bowl; set aside.
STEP 3
Add 3 tablespoons butter to 1 tablespoon bacon drippings in skillet; cook over medium heat until melted. Add shallots; cook 10 minutes or until tender and browned. Stir in spinach; cook 1-2 minutes or until leaves are softened. Remove from heat; stir in cheese, bacon and bread crumbs.
STEP 4.
STEP 5
Add 2 tablespoons reserved bacon drippings and remaining 1 tablespoon butter to same skillet. Place roasts in skillet; cook over medium-high heat, turning as necessary, until well browned.
STEP 6.)
STEP 7
Meanwhile, add whipping cream to pan drippings in roaster. Cook over medium heat, stirring to scrape up browned bits, until mixture comes to a boil. Continue cooking until desired consistency; strain. Slice beef; serve with sauce.
Read the Story Behind the Recipe
Have your butcher select two sections of tenderloin that are the same diameter so they roast evenly.
For easy slicing, cut meat between the strings. Place slices on platter; cut and remove strings.
COLLECTION
Why not begin a delectable new tradition this holiday season? This contemporary collection of dinner ideas has some great twists on the classic holiday meal.Keep your hands clean and hydrated with the HAAN Pocket’s new series of sanitizing hands inspired by your favorite cocktails. Kill 99.9% of viruses and bacteria with a simple spray without further waste. The 30 ml travel bottle with more than 100 uses accompanies you wherever you go: take it in your bag and use it throughout the day. When it’s finished you can safely recharge it and reuse it endlessly.
Fragrances
- Manhattan Glace: fruity cocktail of red berries combined with bergamot and tangerine for freshness. A heart of Rhubarb gives the fragrance a sweet-sour, green and appetizing.
- Mojito Splash: Fresh lime combined with green mint. A blend of citrus fruits is added to give a sweet and effervescent effect.
- Gentle Paloma: A ripe plum with green notes shines on a heart of cherry blossoms and freesia, with sensual shades of musk and sandalwood.
- Margarita Spirit: Bright, invigorating and refreshing citrus fruits are enveloped in a heart of orange blossom and softened by soft woods.
- Spicy GingerAle: Ginger is mixed with a spicy cardamom. Musk, cedar wood and a touch of amber give this fragrance a sensual dry background.
Features
- Rechargeable
- Without triclosan and parabens
- Formulated naturally with 65% alcohol, perfume and aloe vera, which keeps germs and bacteria away without drying your hands
- Available in several fresh, simple and pleasant
- Ingredients: , Alfa-isometil ionone, idrossicitronellAuthors: Your Target Reader
As a writer, we often write to please ourselves. And so we should. WE are our own target readers. We grow and develop. We start gaining fans. At first they’re generic friends and family who love us, therefore love everything we do. But it’s not good enough to just have fans. We can’t write a children’s book and expect everyone to like it or … Read More Authors: Your Target ReaderWow! We can’t believe that you funded an entire year of school for Nathaelle with just a few clicks and your amazing generosity.
Because of you, we’ll be able to keep Nathaelle in school and learning the skills she needs to build a brighter tomorrow. Nathaelle’s been doing really well in school – she hasn’t needed even one hour of extra help yet! But if she does, we’ll be there, ready to get her the tutoring she needs.
We’ll be able to support Nathaelle because you chose to give. There are so many things you could have spent your hard earned money on, but you chose Nathaelle. Thanks so much.
We’ll keep updating you about Nathaelle and all her classmates through this project’s parent page, Provide a Safe Home for Haitian Orphans.
Thanks again for making Nathaelle’s New Year.URTĖ KATILIŪTĖ
Collection GRAM-À-CAPUCHE
The collection GRAM-À-CAPUCHE aims at reducing the social exclusion of old people by reminding the society of their importance and of the merits of famous Lithuanian artists. The title GRAM-À-CAPUCHE is mixture of English and French slang words, meaning “a granny with a hood” or “a granny in the neighborhood”.
The collection was created exclusively from second-hand clothes and objects. During the thematic analysis the clothing and mannerisms of senior people were observed and documented. The collection’s inspiration draws on silhouettes, style, dimmed colors, accessories and matching with other items of clothing. The collection was inspired by the Vilnius old-timers’ favored formal suit - jacked or pants (often worn together). The suit was deconstructed and combined with other items. The collection’s main accessory - handbags and sacks symbolizing a Lithuanian granny, often seen carrying at least two sacks at a time. Earrings were made from grannies’ hairpins and shawls. White hair shawls serve as an immediate association with a granny. Also, they are used as a printing basis. The collection also features sneakers painted in white - another association with Lithuanian elders and the marvelous contrast of their favored clothing style and shoewear - sneakers.
The collection became a living and walking gallery of the famous Lithuanian photographer Rimantas Dichavičius, whose photographs were printed on fabrics and patched onto clothes, thus alluding to the pre-industrial era when people used to mend and patch clothes multiple times. Artistic patching of a clothing item is a way not only to extend its life-time, but also to increase its value.
Photographer: Enrika Stanulevičiūtė | Models: Diana Makauskienė, Domas Neura
Contacts
urtekatiliutedg@gmail.com
+370 653 16 798
MAIN
PRIZE
Vilnius College of Design
Fashion
Experimental fashion design
Supervisor - docent Alevtina Ščepanova
29th July 2012
Day 3 started with the usual fuel up in the morning with cereal toast and fruit followed by saying hello, hola, bonjour, gutenmorgen or bonjourno to our teachers for language classes. Yellow got their trainers on for some tennis with Oli and after a busy morning a lunch break was in order, so we sat down for a tasty selection of pastas, couscous and salad.
When campers were suitably refuelled we excitedly hopped in to the minibus and were taken to Plan de Croix for mountain biking with Calum, Jim, JP and Toria. Campers then checked their own bikes were fully fit to ride after learning how to ‘m-check’. This is a technique commonly used in mountain biking to check the bike over for working order from seat to tyres. Once campers were happy their bikes were up to scratch we had a go first on the flats getting used to breaking and speed. When they had mastered this, it was time to hit the trails. Yellow group were challenged with a variety of obstacles to overcome our descent back down to camp. The weather was wonderful and yellows thoroughly enjoyed improving their mountain biking skills.
Once back at camp, yellows took a well-deserved shower, followed by supper, which everyone was happy to learn that tonight was fajita night. Once supper was finished we went off exploring Torgon for the Torgona Hunt – where campers rush around the resort in teams in search of information about the area in as short a time as possible. After a tiring day yellows headed to bed looking forward to the next day’s schedule of orienteering and Ghyll scrambling.How one can Spot a Good Pinpointer? The Minelab Pro-Discover 35 pinpoint detector has a superb tone ID. This means the detector will determine iron which normally means trash like tinfoil, bottle caps, and cans. Should you do not need a metal detector which already does it, then get this pinpoint detector. It should tell you if it’s essential to trouble with digging or not.
You are able to select from three totally completely different target alert options, including audio and vibration. This pinpointer has acquired a water-resistant score of IP67 which implies that it is safe to make use of in the rain and even underwater as long as it is in restricted depth.
Since any pinpointer and metallic detector has a limit to how small an merchandise might be detected. So with you pinpointer, get a gold panning kit. This way, you won’t miss the tiny gold items. As talked about, one of the highlights of this pinpointer is the fact that it’s quite good at informing the user how a lot they need to dig.
The Quest pinpointer is available in a spread of colours however I would suggest you purchase the brightest one to minimize the probabilities of losing it. And typically, the merchandise is too small that the pinpointer can’t detect it even whether it is in direct contact with it.
Options For Major Elements Of Pinpointer Metal Detector
There wasn’t much we found significantly particular concerning the design of the Garrett Pro-Pointer II It’s shaped very similarly to the Garrett Pro-Pointer AT, except it is a bit less spectacular due to the all-black shade scheme. In fact, the shape, mixed with the color made it look just a little menacing, nearly like it could possibly be mistaken for a weapon of some sort. It does have the same conveniently placed button as the Professional-Pointer in addition to ergonomic form, but its coloration scheme had us a bit of disappointed. Not only does it stand out less as a high-high quality gadget, but the darker color makes it loads tougher to identify if you wish to take it mountain climbing or even to the seaside.
Like the previous model, it has a LED flashlight. That approach you can use your pinpointer in low gentle conditions. The Garrett Professional-Pointer AT , that is AT for all terrain, is an improved model of their iconic Pro Pointer that’s been unearthing finds since 2008.
There are times after I do not use one additionally. Notably if I am utilizing a metal detector that has a small elliptical coil, I discover that I can pinpoint just as quickly without one. I simply use the edge of the coil to point where the goal is, then I slowly scoop material over the coil until I hear the sound of the target. Now this methodology does take some time to master, but for me it is just as quick as a handheld pinpointer.
This pinpointer, affectionately named the Garrett Carrot” by some, might be the preferred pinpointer on the market right now for nugget hunters. It has exceptional battery life, include audio or vibration mode, and is able to detecting a nice nugget at several inches. It is totally waterproof up to 10 ft and its vibrant orange shade keeps you from leaving it behind after you’ve dug a goal.
Painless Pinpointer Products Considered
If you are on the lookout for a metal detector pinpointer which works properly in all the totally different areas and can last you a very long time, Minelab is an effective brand to consider. Many elderly-timer metallic detectorists swear by this model as a result of it is a merely great all-rounder and it handles nicely getting used all the time.
There’s definitely a high sensitivity with this pinpointer because it able to detecting a variety of metals of various sizes, this contains cash and jewelry. Your audio choices, weight, and equipment come into play when choosing the proper pinpointer for you.England coach Danny Kerry accused India of adopting ‘negative’ tactics. But his counterpart, Sjoerd Marijne, knew the only way he could get something out of a difficult match was by playing smart, practical hockey.
Shared News | Published: July 22, 2018 9:31:54 am
Improved Fitness
Till three years ago, a full-blooded shot by a player looked like travelling in slow-motion. They could barely run for the entire duration of the match, and apart from Rani Rampal and Ritu Rani, not many people had the confidence to dribble past an opponent, even though they possessed the skill. That has changed rather rapidly. And this was the most impressive factor against England. The hosts, ranked number 2 in the world, have one of the fittest sides in women’s hockey. In fact, one of the key reasons they won the gold in Rio — playing as Britain — was because they could run more than most teams. On Saturday, India showed they were prepared to grit it out, chasing down every loose ball and embarking on long, solo whenever they got a chance. Rampal even said in a pitch-side interview at half-time that one of the main reasons they had the lead was because they worked harder than England. They managed the same level of commitment for the whole match, but going ultra-defensive was their biggest shortcoming.
Savita, the saviour
England coach Danny Kerry accused India of adopting ‘negative’ tactics. But his counterpart, Sjoerd Marijne, knew the only way he could get something out of a difficult match was by playing smart, practical hockey. India were always going to make life difficult for England forwards by closing down spaces and defending deep, in numbers. To Marijne’s delight, they maintained the structure for pretty much entire duration of the match, choked England’s supply-line from the right and forced them to operate from the less-favoured left flank in the second half. When the midfield was beaten, the back-line took the responsibility of keeping England away from the circle. When the England forwards made their way past the defenders, they couldn’t beat Savita Punia. She was the sole reason India did not lose as the team, despite defending well for most parts, conceded too many corners.
Pace with ball
Defending deep for long periods meant India relied heavily on counters and though they could manage a few attacks, their pace never really bothered England. Consequently, India relied heavily on their ability to beat the opponent in a 1vs1 scenario to get inside the ‘D’. India were too slow in turnovers, looking down with the ball, which meant they couldn’t spot a teammate who was unmarked or initiating a run. The slow gameplay allowed England to fall back and defend easily.LAKELAND, Fla. — At least three tornadoes were reported in the Tampa Bay area on Friday night and into early Saturday morning from Tropical Storm Nestor, which is now a post-tropical cyclone.
Shortly after 11 p.m. on Friday, the National Weather Service says an EF-2 tornado touched down in Kathleen, Florida in Polk County. The sheriff's office confirmed on Saturday morning that the apparent tornado touched down in the west/northwest part of the county..
RELATED: Tornado reportedly touched ground in Polk County Friday night, National Weather Service says
Kathleen Middle School is among the buildings that suffered damage. Polk County Schools Superintendent Jacqueline Byrd said classes at the school are canceled Monday and Tuesday due to the damage. Later on it was announced that classes at Kathleen Middle would be canceled for the rest of the week as repairs continue and temporary accommodations are made.
Classes will resume on Monday, Oct. 28. Portable classrooms and bathrooms are being installed. Teachers will return this week however to prepare their classrooms for students.
The district says the work to fully repair and renovate the school will take several months.
School officials are checking out the damage Saturday to see where they will be able to put students. At this time, there's no word on if school will be in session on Wednesday.
PHOTOS: Severe weather damage in Polk County
The sheriff's office says.
Deputies say no serious injuries have been reported.
!"Shopping Exercises are at the developing stage of learning English focusing on the basic vocabulary and structures for social interaction and academic experiences. There are puzzles and quizzes to reinforce your learning so you feel confident to use different texts about shopping.
In order to play our shopping crossword puzzle, you need to click on the numbered boxes to reveal the clues.
Words for talking about shopping:
- assistant
- available
- bargain
- basket
- bill
- branch
- buy
- buyer
- cash
- change
- charge
- cheap
- customer
- department store
- dollar
- euro
- exchange
- expensive
- half-price
- market
- order
- pound
- price
- receipt
- rent
- sale
- salesperson
- shop assistant
- shopping
- shopping mall
- spend
- store
- supermarket
- till
Extra Shopping Exercises
-Barely 72 hours after electric power was restored in Maiduguri, Borno State capital, Boko Haram insurgents on Saturday blew up another transmission tower in the city.
According to Premium Times, sources said the insurgents attacked tower fix the first tower temporarily.
With the latest attack, Maiduguri residents would suffer from the attendant harsh economic impact the resumed blackout would cause.
The TCN and the Borno state government were yet to speak on the development when filing this report.
Feel Free To Leave A CommentRelated
Join 1M+ other developers and:
- Get help and share knowledge in Q&A
- Get courses & tools that help you grow as a developer or small business owner
Question
Is it possible to use private ip address instead of domain for nginx load balancer setup?
Hi, I try to create one nginx load balancer and 1 apache php backend server by refer to
nginx load balancing.
I want to limit all public access to the backend server. Only load balancer can accept public access (like http or https). Then I want my load balancer pass the query to the backend server via private network.
So I setup both servers with private network. I successfully query the nginx welcome page from load balancer. I also successfully get the apache welcome page from backend before I restrict public access with digitalocean firewall.
Then I setup the upstream directive for nginx like what it showed from the article except I use the backend server’s Private IP instead of a domain name in config file like:
upstream backend{
server 10.130.20.01; <== in the article this is backend1.example.com
}
server {
…
location / {
proxy_pass;
}
}
At this time I assume I should see the apache page when I visit the load balancer public IP but it did not show up. I wonder if this is because of the backend private IP which I place in the nginx config file? Is it possible to use ip instead of domain to setup nginx load balancer? Thanks
These answers are provided by our Community. If you find them useful, show some love by clicking the heart. If you run into issues leave a comment, or add your own answer to help others.×Kia unveils the Telluride concept at Detroit Auto Show.
The 2016 Detroit Auto Show is now in full swing, which means dozens of concept and new production cars have the automotive press in a frenzy. The Kia Telluride concept is one of the cars making the press go nuts. So, what do we have here? Basically it's a Kia Sorrento platform that has been injected with growth hormones. The Telluride is 4.7 inches wider, 9.5 inches longer, and 4.4 inches taller than a base Sorrento resulting in a rather large Kia.The Telluride sits at 79.1 inches wide, 70.1 inches tall, and 196.9 inches long.
The wheelbase has been extended to 121.3 inches and there's five-spoke 22-inch wheels clad in some Hankook Ventus tires. Propulsion comes by way of a 3.5-liter direct-injection V6 coupled with an electric motor good for a combined output of 400 horsepower. Despite the vehicle's large dimensions, Kia is insistent that the Telluride concept will return 30 miles per gallon when driven on the highway. The transversely mounted V6 routes its power through all four wheels via an all-wheel-drive system. The technology -laden Telluride concept features front and rear (suicide) doors that open a full 90 degrees for easy egress and ingress (entry and exit).
The cabin was designed at Kia's California-based Kia Design Center America (KDCA) and features a ton of luxury amenities and new technology. Four leather-wrapped captain chairs are present as is a foldaway third-row bench. The rear passenger seats have the ability to recline and there's a footrest for added comfort. Interestingly, Kia went a tad "Sci-Fi" as each seat features a series of "precise diamond-cut openings in the seatback, each embedded with Smart Sensors to capture a passenger's vital health information." This information is then displayed on screens embedded in the interior door panels which then synchronize to a roof-mounted Light Emitted Rejuvenation system.
This LER system is housed beneath the sunroof and is designed to display a "pattern of therapeutic light," in a bid to combat jet lag and improve passenger energy levels. Additionally, the Telluride features Swipe Command (no this is not Tinder) which allows passengers in the rear of to control in-vehicle media. This is all attached to wireless headphones so as not to disrupt the driver. What makes the Telluride stand out is not its "therapeutic light-spa" nor paint scheme (we'll reserve colorful commentary) but the design aesthetic. Kias of late have been fairly good looking and the Telluride furthers that notion. "Telluride allows us to envision what a full-size seven-passenger SUV from Kia could look like," said Tom Kearns chief designer at KDCA.
The aggressive design hints at a future production model that may feature a more restrained design, though Kia is currently adamant that the Telluride is unlikely to go into production.
Join The Discussion1050 Ludlow Road Ludlow, ME 04730
Ludlow, ME 04730
$159,900
Country farm home in great location with private lot. Almost 3 acres of high ground perfect for gardens. Lot has apple trees and raspberries. Home has many updates including newer outdoor wood boiler and oil forced hot air heating system. Newer...
Change Currency
$159,900
- 4
- Bedrooms
- 2
- Full Baths
- 1,956 Sq Ft.
- Interior
- 2.96 Acres
- Exterior
- Single Family Homes
- Property type
- 1900
- Year Built
- 1501171
- Web Id
- 1501171
- MLS ID
- School Administrative District 70
- School District
Listing Courtesy of Northern Maine Realty, Inc.
Google Map Loading...
Google Map Loading...
TRAVEL TIMEFROMLudlowDeal: Craftsman 12pc Nut Driver Set
Over at Sears, this Craftsman 12pc nut driver set is on sale for $ This sale comes around every so often, and is a good recommendation each time.
I bought my set almost three years ago, and it was also during Sears holiday sale. If I didnt already have a set, Id buy these now. I have since also added a set of Wera nut drivers, as I find the handle style more comfortable, but I paid more than $20 for just a 7-piece fractional set.
These nut drivers have hard plastic handles and hollow shafts that make it possible to access nuts on longer fasteners.
They should still be made in the USA, as shown in the photo, but with Sears these days nothing is guaranteed,
This set comes with 6 fractional nut drivers in sizes 1/4, 5/16, 11/32, 3/8, 7/16 and 1/2 inch, and 6 metric nut drivers in sizes 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 mm. Each nut driver is color coded and stamped with its size.
The set also comes with a zippered case that has elastic loops for each driver.
In regard to value, this set costs a little less much as 3 individual drivers, at the current $20 sale price. When I bought the set, it was because I needed 5/16, 11/32, 3/8, and 7/16 sizes. Even with a coupon, those drivers would have cost more than the $20 for this piece set. I have only used the metric drivers a couple of times, but even just a fractional set of these drivers are priced over $
Not everyone needs nut drivers, or can even think of a time when they would be handy. But, if you were thinking of buying a set, and have a modest budget, this is a fantastic bargain.
If you are looking for nut drivers to use on a frequent basis, other brands have drivers with more comfortable handles. These handles arent bad, but dont expect premium comfort-grip handles for the price. On a positive note, these handles are easy to clean.
Buy Now(via Sears)
Sections: Made in USA, Mechanics' Tools, Screwdrivers, Sockets & Drive Tools, Tool DealsTags: nut driversMore from: CraftsmanSours:
Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW
Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW
*SIZING & COLOR* : Please refer to size chart provided (*last image*) before buying for correct sizing specifications, Seamless Neck Warmer Technology Prevents Chafing And Keeps Your Face, Our wide selection is elegible for free shipping and free returns, Historical Attraction Place Holder Travel Accessories and other Luggage Tags at. Order now your garment and feel the satisfaction of owning an Idakoos product, STEP OUT IN CONFIDENCE: You’ll love the smooth look of these boyleg panties under your clothes, Buy Women's Suede Wild Casual Flock Pregnant Point Toe Thick Platform Sport Sneakers Wedges Platform Antiskid Single Shoes Work Ladies Flat Comfy Slip-On Walking Loafers Outdoor and other Shoes at. Please pay attention to the size, Item model number: NGDC-FF. The design is printed directly on the garment with the latest printing technology. Package: two paddle+2 pickleball+Eco-Diving Cloth Cover Bag, Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW. Buy Franco Sarto Womens Ayers Almond Toe Loafers and other Loafers & Slip-Ons at. Crew height with superior material blend, Fun Emoticon Face Belly Bananas, Its durable construction will ensure that it lasts for a long time and helps protect your head, Our wide selection is elegible for free shipping and free returns, These totally get it right with their own unique print, sometimes will be a little delay as the customs, Why you need this: Because you absolutely love Fast Food and Hot Dog, Quality:Natural Cotton Makes This Menâ€s Underwear Comfortable To Wear All Day Long. instructions and a drilling template, % Made in the USA with an industry leading year manufacturer's warranty, Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW. please choose the Expedited shipping. waist and cuff in cotton and elastane rib. Your necklaces will arrive inside lovely organza gift bags. the last 10 we have been using on wood, The slip-on abaya-style dress has a round neckline. I try to describe all items as accurately as possible and ship them fully protected. I will continue to work hard to get orders processed as soon as possible. We stock beads in a variety of materials and designs with hole sizes from 4mm to 18mm. The artwork: watercolor painting in ink created by our artist Camille, There is no tracking available with standard shipping and we will not be held accountable once we post your package. *************************************************************************************************************, Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW. Don't forget to leave Positive Feedback after receiving your order. We are easy to work with and will give you quality service the best that we can. Perfect gift for a baby shower with parents who have a good sense of humor and love to laugh. by the different shades of the natural blue gemstones. 4 cm) diameter sized example shown in the first picture would run , but is wider than the usual Incenserator, - This purchase is for a print ready digital file that we personalize with your information, Genuine natural Abalone Shell Half Top drilled Drops hand carved leaves. Banord Black Tabletop Geometric Terrarium, You can minimize little fly-a-ways by using a light weight aerosol hairspray, Same size as the Carling switches, Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW. Comp Bind Technology Printer Dust Cover for Epson Workforce WF Wide-Format Printer Black Nylon Anti-Static Dust Cover by Viziflex Seels. Free Shipping on eligible items. 【ADVANTAGE】 - Oil-bearing bearing life is longer. As well as synthetic ( artificial) grass surfaces. Made of high quality PU leather, Fitment: Fit for VW GOLF GTI EOS AUDI A1 A3 A6 SKODA OCTAVIA, Free delivery and returns on eligible orders. Buy Faure - Aspera Relay including V - at UK – every day low prices, Be sure to pair these confetti balloons with our other girl's baby shower supplies to get everything you need to celebrate with the mum-to-be, Product Description The STANLEY Classic Box 60cm Level has been designed to be reliable. the stand has an impressive maximum load capacity of 30kg, Craftsman Nut Driver Any Size Metric MM or Inch SAE Choice NEW. a straight ruler with linear perforations..
- Asus motherboard overclocking
- Pennsylvania unemployment compensation
- Vanilla co op
- Sebastian michaelis.
Would you like to lick it off. I miss your taste too. How you smell like passion. Please.
Drivers craftsman nut
She gasped and I caught the faint scent of alcohol. It was the height of impudence. The girl looked at me asleep and seemed to understand little.Vintage Stanley Hex-A-Matic Adjustable Nut Driver
Masha slapped her in the face, the Frenchwoman swallowed air with her. Mouth wide open, kissed back and moaned softly. Masha slapped another one, the Frenchwoman kissed again and whispered something. After the third slap in the face, tears splashed from her, she continued to whisper, Milan was already roughly and sweepingly fucked her and she twitched.
Through her tears, the girl looked at Masha with tenderness and whispered something and kissed again.
You will also be interested:
- Harbor freight flyer
- Broken token insert
- G35 ground locations
- Say something chords
- Craigslist killeen texas
- Tek transmitter ark
- Lenovo y520 specs
- Mens zirconia rings
With him, she forgot about the age difference and again felt like a little girl. They kissed on bridges, disappeared in nightclubs, ran away from the police on a motorcycle and swam at night in someone else's pool. But there was no sex. Gleb asked, but she did not allow. "Suddenly the husband finds out!" she spoke and almost always left after that.You have no items in your cart. Want to get some nice things?Go shopping
I’m sat in the window seat of an aeroplane looking out at the clouds and the sky; it feels meditative. Often I find myself here. Somewhere that’s nowhere. I’ve been on the go for a while now. Sometimes life tells us we need to grow up before we even know what that means. I worry whether my friends will still be my friends if I grow up too quickly? They don’t have to grow up as quick as me, but I watch them try. I listen to them chatter about boys and drinking, drugs they have tried recently, parties they’re going to on the weekend. They don’t invite me anymore because they know I’ll be away, again, far away most likely. It’s all a lot, but it’s only for now I tell myself. One day I’ll be normal just like them.
But for now, musty airports have become my first home and flights my weekly routine. I know the drill. I’m a perfect packer, almost; I say almost because my auntie says I should be rolling my clothes rather than folding, though I’m not convinced yet. I know which security queues will be the fastest. I know how often to check the information board, and where to stand to be first on the plane. I know what food to eat preflight so that I don’t get bloated. How much water to drink so that I don’t need to pee too often in the air. No one knows that I know these things. It’s all in my head.
Today my window seat is located in aisle 16, near the middle of the aeroplane. From London Heathrow to Sao Paulo Guarulhos International Airport. It’s going to be a long one. But the longer the better. The dim screen glued to the back of the chair in front of me runs the aircraft safety video, but I don’t watch it. Instead, I close my eyes and wait for the plane to lift me up. The guy next to me, who looks like he’s in his late 20s, twitches around his narrow upright seat – his skin matching its pale blue colour, the colour white people look before they are going to vomit. I can tell he’s a nervous flyer. Eventually we take off and the plane rattles. I wait for it to just fall to pieces, but it never does. I open my eyes, and through the fog I watch London shrink down from what usually feels like an intimidating city full of life and a little love, into a miniature grey Lego set, almost lost in the vast greenery of its birth mother – the English countryside. Not ready to let go just yet, my mind drifts to my own mother, whom I picture at the tennis club she works at tucked away in North London. She’s always there, working or not. She’s a tennis coach and a prolific tea drinker. “Earl Grey in a mug with milk and no sugar,” she’d call over to me while she was on the court wrapped up in her black puffer jacket and green woollen hat. Whenever I heard her I’d race into the club house to order her tea. But other times I’d be running through the surrounding forests, too far away to catch her voice, hoping to encounter some form of danger that would give me a gripping story to tell her on the way home. Something that would make her notice me more than she did on these cold evenings, after a long day of work.
The aeroplane, still at an incline, now gushes through the innocent clouds towards the mystery of the sky. My OCD begins to soften because in the air my life is in the hands of fate and there’s nothing I can do. This feeling – d i s c o n n e c t i n g – I like. I can smell the aeroplane food; it’s 11:22 a.m. They are bringing around bread rolls and yogurt, simple food, and I’m sure the bread will taste like the yogurt and the yogurt like the bread. But I don’t mind it. The man next to me wants to speak to me, I can tell, but I’m not acknowledging him yet. I’m still absorbing being off the ground.
“You ever been to Brazil before?” His nerves force him to speak; even if I’m not listening, he just needs to speak. He continues: “I’ve not been before, but my sister moved out there three years ago and I’m finally going to visit her.” I hold my silence a little longer.
“Oh, that’s nice, bet you’re excited to get some sun.”
“I sure am.” He smiles, happy that I’m engaging with him so he doesn’t need to think about the possibility of dying.
“I’ve not been to Brazil before, I’ve been to Paraguay though.”
“That’s cool, so what you going to be doing in Brazil then? You got family over there or something?”
“Nope, no family there. I play tennis so I’m heading there for a tournament.” Instantly I regret mentioning the tennis in case I have to elaborate, which I normally always do.
“Wow you like professional or something? Seems like a long way to go for a tournament.”
I smile and try to brush it off. “Hah no, well I’m alright I guess.”
“Are you traveling alone?”
“Yep, but my tennis coach will meet me out there, he’s in South Africa at the moment.”
“Jeez you must be pro then.”
I’m just lonely is all I can think. The familiarity of flying is the only thing I can latch onto as I move around the world. Sometimes with my coach and other times by myself. Though the unfamiliarity of the countries I go to does fill me with curiosity. As often as I can I escape from the hotel or the tennis facility and spy on the natives in their habitat. I love to watch the different ways of living, to spot the “normal kids” in their school uniform messing about on the cobbled streets. Each country I visit has its own tangible way of living. Within each society there is a way of the world. I see some happy people and I see some sad. I see poverty and I see wealth. I see groups and I see loners. I see the fruitfulness of culture and realise that there is no right or wrong way to live.
As I wander through the clean minimal streets of Japan, towards the corner shop that has a kettle in it so you can heat up your noodles, I play spot the dirt. In Morocco I hold my breath as a wriggle my way through the markets and the potent smell of leather goes beyond my nostrils and into my head. In Egypt I visit the pyramids and a native asks my coach whether he can trade his camel for me in return. I laugh but my coach, who is from Tunisia and who I have never seen smile, doesn’t find this funny. Apparently it wasn’t a joke. Portugal means parties; you can get into nightclubs when you’re underage over there and I love it. In Mexico my tennis matches last into the late evening, and each time I throw the ball up to serve I’m greeted with a swarm of mosquitos. The Czech Republic brings me no joy because it’s so cold. I cry at night in my hotel room and long for my mother. Sweden is cold, too, and I traipse through heaps of white snow with locked joints and blue lips to get to the tennis courts. But Thailand is hot – too hot! Though I fall in love with the pad thai and the markets. I can get cheap stuff that looks cool. These trips widen my once naive eyes and expose me to life outside of my home.
I take my iPod out of my bag. Listening to music on the plane while I look out the window is what I like to do. It’s where my imagination takes comfort. I visualise myself back in London, going to secondary school with my friends. I have long straight hair and two sisters. I have a father, too, and he goes to work each day so that my mother doesn’t have to worry about money. My sister and I share clothes and argue. We are a family. A Family. I can stay with them for hours on and off while I’m in the air, I have nowhere else to go, until a certain song draws me out and takes me elsewhere. Otis Redding, “Sittin’ on the Dock of the Bay.” This song always gets me, it makes me think of me and I feel nostalgic. The real me, with curly hair and brown skin, with no father or sister and a mother who constantly worries about money. It plays on my iPod and I look out the window at the dark emptiness of the afternoon sky.
A couple of hours go by, and I must have dozed off because the man next to me is tapping me on my shoulder and the aeroplane is shaking. Turbulence. I open my eyes and turn to look at him. He has jet black hair that flops across his face, which is still pale blue, but this time I notice his dimples and I find them cute.
“I hope everything is alright.” His voice is timid, and I can tell he’s worried about the turbulence.
“It will be,” I reassure him, “It’s just a bit of turbulence, I’m sure it will pass soon.”
“Yeah course, yeah.” He now tries to reassure himself, too.
I turn back to the window, back to the hush of the sky. I feel safe and cosy, despite the turbulence.
“What music do you listen to?” he carries on.
“All sorts really, jazz, blues, hip-hop, reggae, classical, grime. I love all music.”
“Any indie?”
“Yes, I like indie, too.”
“I’m in an indie band myself. I play the guitar.”
“Oh, that’s cool. Which band?”
“Roxy Blue. We’re not big or anything, just do a couple gigs here and there. But it’s a good time.”
“I can imagine.” Although I couldn’t imagine. I liked indie, but I always felt like I wasn’t supposed to because of my brown skin. Indie music is for white people, my Jamaican friend Melissa told me one day when she had asked to borrow my iPod. She said I was out of the loop because I was away so much.
My fingers hover over the TV screen. I want to watch the journey of the plane moving around the earth. I don’t understand the physics of how it stays up in the air without falling down, but I think if I did, I wouldn’t be as able to let go like I can now. The screen shows me we are flying over the Atlantic Ocean, in fact the entire journey is practically over the ocean, which means if the plane broke we’d most certainly all die, for the safety of the land is far gone and far to come. The screen also tells me that there are five hours left until landing. I push my pillow up against the window and rest my head on it. My eyes close and I let the motion of the plane rock me to sleep. It’s not quite the same as how my mother used to rock me when I was small, but it will do.
About Elisha Gabb
Elisha Gabb is a Black British Writer from London who spent her teenage years travelling around the world representing GB as a junior tennis player. Currently, Elisha is working on her Creative Writing MA at Brunel University. Her passion has always been poetry and she loves to perform her poetry whether it be at weddings, get-togethers or open mic events. More recently she completed her first novel which she hopes to publish in the near future. Elisha has also released two singles which you’ll find on Spotify and Apple music. When Elisha isn’t writing you’ll find her swimming in the Hampstead Heath ponds, dancing the night way and spending time with her friends and family.
- More Posts(1)These are the raw, blistering words of a grieving son who lost his retired nurse mum to coronavirus.
Phil Limbert, 38, asks the stark question: "Think of a loved one. Is it time for them to die alone?" after his "hero" mum Lynne Limbert died of the disease on Tuesday (April 7).
The 67-year-old, from Broadgreen, was enjoying retirement after beating bowel cancer last year, and was healthy and well when she contracted the virus.
Lynne was forced to pass on her final words to her family via staff at the Royal Liverpool Hospital, asking a medic to "tell my husband I love him."
Hospital administrator Phil spoke to the ECHO about his family's devastating experience, and also posted a powerful warning to the public about the importance of social distancing.
He said: "I lost my mum on Tuesday 7th April to this horrible disease. She was one in a million. Two grandkids that she cannot now see grow up. Two sons she cannot spoil and a husband she cannot nag. She was only 67. A whole life ahead of her.
"Please people. STAY AT HOME. You don’t know the minute it can take a loved one away. Two weeks ago it wouldn’t have even crossed my mind that we would be sorting funeral arrangements for my mum.
"She was tough as old boots and last time I spoke to her or was with her she was saying that she was cold, and to shut that door. Not even crossed my mind she had the disease.
"She went to A&E via ambulance on the advice from 111 and was taken to ITU and put on a ventilator. All alone. 13 days in total.
"Nobody she knew could go in and see her and I work in the hospital where she was and even I wasn’t allowed. Until they wanted to turn off the ventilator. Honestly.
"You may think ‘oh it won’t happen to me’. Well I was the same. Trust me. Nothing ever happens to us. Well this did.
"I have had hundreds of best wishes and RIP’s but we can only have 10 people at the crematorium. Nobody else is allowed on the premises.
"Do you want that for your loved one? Can you pick only 10 people to say goodbye? We cannot see her. We cannot give clothes. She will be cremated in a gown provided by the undertakers. How undignified is that?
"It’s horrific. But that’s the measures we are having to take because people won’t stay the f*** at home!!
"Think of a loved one. Is it time for them to die alone? It does not discriminate. It can literally take anyone in a matter of days.
"PLEASE PLEASE STAY AT HOME. I HOPE IT'S NOT FOR MUCH LONGER.
"Protect your loved ones as you never know when it will take hold.
"Please share. If I can save just one life with this then I’ll be happy.
"Thank you for listening."
Phil said staff at the Royal Liverpool Hospital, where he also works, were "absolutely amazing," holding her hand so she was not alone and making sure she did not feel any pain.
Phil, 38, told the ECHO his mum had complained of feeling cold, and from there her symptoms worsened until she was rushed to hospital struggling to breathe.
Phil says his mum seemed to improve and remained in good spirits.
The last Phil's dad, Paul Limbert, saw of his wife was her being given oxygen in the back of an ambulance outside their home.
Phil said: "My mum and dad had a long standing joke between them. My mum would go to the caravan in Wales at weekends, she loved going to the caravan.
"She would say to my dad, 'right, see you later'. He would say 'I love you' and she would roll her eyes and say 'ditto'.
"He knew she loved him, it was just a bit of a joke.
"But in the hospital they had to put her on a ventilator and she needed sedating. Before they did, she got one of the staff and said 'tell my husband I love him'.
"It's a bit like she knew. She was not soft my mum."
Phil was allowed to pay a final visit to his mum with PPE protection, but his dad's health conditions meant he was too high risk and Chris could not face seeing his mum attached to tubes and wires.
He said: "I didn't want to stay for the turning off of the machine, I didn't want to remember her that way and I didn't want to see her go, although they did give me that option and said you can take as long as you need.
"I got to say goodbye to her and hold her hand. I had messages from all the family saying how much they missed her and how much she was loved.
"I told her she was going to see my grandad and nan, and that she was not in pain anymore.".
Phil said she was devoted to her grandchildren, his three-year-old son Oscar and Chris's 11-year-old son Zak, and would "do anything for anyone."
Lynne spent her working life as a nurse in Broadgreen Hospital, before doing a short stint in the Royal and then moving on to Liverpool Women's Hospital.
Although Phil has been able to see his dad since Lynne's death, they have observed social distancing so he has "not even been able to hug him.
Phil and his family said Lynne's funeral can only be attended by 10 people, but suggested anyone wishing to pay their respects make a donation to Marie Curie Cancer Care in her memory.Public Comment
Contenido disponible solo en los siguientes idiomas
Draft PTI Bylaws
Open Date
12 July 2016 23:59 UTC
Close Date
11 August 2016 23:59 UTC
Staff Report Due
18 August 2016 23:59 UTC
Brief Overview
This public comment proceeding period seeks community input on the Draft PTI Bylaws. In order to reflect the recommendations contained in the proposals by the IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group (ICG) as provided to the ICANN Board and transmitted to NTIA on 10 March 2016, ICANN must incorporate an affiliate, referred to as PTI, for the performance of the naming-related IANA functions. ICANN also intends to subcontract the performance of the numbering- and protocol parameter-related IANA functions to PTI.
The draft PTI Articles of Incorporation, required for the incorporation of PTI is published for public comments at.
Once adopted, PTI's governance requirements will be set out in its Bylaws, including issues such as the composition of the Board, conduct of Board meetings, the powers of the Board and PTI officers, and budgeting, planning and record keeping requirements. The Bylaws do not set out the detailed operational requirements of PTI. Those details will be set out in the contracts that ICANN will enter into with PTI, including the ICANN-PTI Naming Functions Agreement, and the subcontracts for the performance of the protocol parameters- and numbering-related IANA functions.
The draft PTI Bylaws were developed to meet the recommendations of the IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group (ICG) proposal and to be consistent with the requirements in the revised ICANN Bylaws ( [PDF, 1.42 MB]).
Any interested party may review and provide feedback on the draft PTI Bylaws during the public comment period. The comments will be analyzed to ensure alignment with the ICG proposal and ICANN Bylaws, and incorporated for the PTI Board's consideration and approval.
Section I: Description and Explanation
The draft PTI Bylaws were drafted in order to reflect the recommendations of the IANA Stewardship Transition Coordination Group (ICG) proposal as provided to the ICANN Board and transmitted to NTIA on 10 March 2016. As part of that work, ICANN is required to incorporate an affiliate that will perform the naming-related IANA functions under contract with ICANN. That affiliate is currently referred to as PTI. ICANN also intends to subcontract the performance of the numbering- and protocol parameter-related IANA functions to PTI.
The proposed PTI Bylaws are one of the governance-related documents developed to put PTI into operation once incorporated. Other governance-related documents are the PTI Conflict of Interest Policy, Board Code of Conduct, and Expected Standard of Behavior, which are also out for 30-day public comment at.
The PTI Bylaws will house the highest-level of governance requirements for PTI, such as the composition of the Board, conduct of Board meetings, the powers of the Board and PTI officers, and budgeting, planning and record keeping requirements. The Bylaws do not set out the detailed operational requirements of PTI.
The specific operational details will be set out in the contracts that ICANN will enter into with PTI. Those include a contract between ICANN and PTI for PTI's performance of the naming functions, and subcontracting agreements for PTI's performance of the number and protocol parameter functions. In the coming weeks, ICANN will post for public comment a draft of the naming function contract.
The ICG proposal was developed through public processes, including multiple opportunities for public comment. All implementation planning efforts can be tracked at. The draft PTI Bylaws are incorporates the necessary recommendations in the ICG proposal as well as the relevant provisions from the ICANN Bylaws. Because this proposed PTI Bylaws are drafted to the publicly vetted proposal, this comment period is designed to solicit inputs from the broader community on how the proposal and ICANN Bylaws requirements were brought into the PTI Bylaws and if there are areas seen as inconsistent with the ICG proposal or ICANN Bylaws. Of note, the CWG-Stewardship and the independent counsel retained to advise the CWG have reviewed the PTI Bylaws and provided feedback, which has been incorporated into these draft Bylaws that are being published for public comment. This public comment period is not intended to be a forum for the reconsideration of those transition-related proposals.
The proposed PTI Bylaws posted today reflect inputs from the CWG-Stewardship addressing areas where the ICG Proposal did not include specific detail, some of which have impacts on PTI's governance structure. Participants in the comment forum may wish to address some of these specific items in their comments:
- The CWG-Stewardship recommended that the Chair of the PTI Board should be selected from among the two Nominating Committee-nominated Directors elected to the PTI Board. The provision is supposed to be a suggestion of limitation of who can serve in the Chair role, though not a mandate. Concerns have been raised about the impact of this suggestion, and how searching for Director candidates that also have the skill set to chair a Board may impact the Nominating Committee process.
- The CWG-Stewardship also recommended that meetings of the PTI Board require that at least one of the ICANN-nominated Directors and one of the Nominating Committee-nominated Directors each be present, in addition to the requirement of a majority of Directors being present. This recommendation appears to strengthen the perceived legitimacy of any action of the PTI Board.
- The proposed PTI Bylaws specify a group of certain actions that require a higher threshold of Board approval (4/5) as opposed to the simple majority threshold that accompanies regular decisions. The CWG-Stewardship suggested that for these higher threshold decisions, that both of the Nominating Committee-nominated Directors on the PTI Board should have to approve. Because this suggested governance structure – where a single Director could hold up PTI from acting even where all other PTI Directors believed an action to be appropriate – was not included in the ICG Proposal or subjected to governance analysis, the proposed Bylaws rely only on the 4/5 threshold. Under any circumstance, that would require at least one of the Nominating Committee-nominated Directors to support the action.IANA services;.
Proposals Delivery and NTIA's Report
On March 10, 2016, the ICANN Board of Directors transmitted the IANA Stewardship Transition and Accountability Proposals to NTIA for its review and approval.
On 9 June, NTIA announced ."
Other PTI related materials
On 01 July, ICANN published the proposed PTI Articles of Incorporations for a 30-day public comment period.
On 08 July, ICANN published the proposed PTI Conflict of Interest Policy, PTI Board Code of Conduct, and PTI Expected Standard of Behavior for a 30-day public comment period.
ICANN's implementation planning efforts based on requirements of the ICG and CCWG-Accountability proposals can be tracked at.
Section III: Relevant Resources
- Draft PTI Bylaws [PDF, 505 KB]
- ICG Proposal [PDF, 2.31 MB]
- CCWG-Accountability Proposal [PDF, 6.02 MB]
- ICANN Bylaws [PDF, 1.42 MB]
Section IV: Additional Information
Report and Supporting Documents
- Report [PDF, 415 KB]
- 18 August 2016 Revised PTI Bylaws to Address Comments (Redline from comment version) [PDF, 533 KB]
- 18 August 2016 Revised PTI Bylaws to Address Comments (Clean) [PDF, 505 KB]
Report of Public CommentsWriting an ebook can be a difficult task if you do not know what steps you should take. We all have an author inside us which can come out at any point in time and writing an ebook is a great way to start publishing your material and sharing it with the masses. An ebook is a pretty big step to take for any writer. You can either use a workbook ebook software or standalone writing software to create ebooks. You might be wondering that writing a blog would be a great way to express your vision and idea, however, it is a little lightweight, when compared to an ebook. You might be saying what does an ebook contribute to your skills as a writer, well, it can transform you from a mere small writer to a professional author. There are several bloggers nowadays that are writing ebooks and publishing them online. However, most of these ebooks lack the quality that professionally written ebooks posses. This is down to many mistakes that are being made along the way from writing it to publishing it. Today we are going to share with you 10 common challenges and difficulties a writer has to face when creating an ebook and posting it online for the whole world to read. They as listed as follows;
No Knowledge About The Topic
You might be tempted to pick a topic that is trending right now and just write about it. However, it can be something that you know little about. As the first step in writing an ebook is to know what you want to write about. It may seem simple to just pick a topic and start writing about it, but don’t you think that it will be a waste of time writing about something you have no interest in? this is usually the most common challenge a writer faces when creating an ebook. To avoid this issue, choose a topic that you are interested in and have knowledge about. By doing this you will be able to save up a lot of time researching for material to write about.
Giving Readers What They Need
Many writers have fallen into the trap of not knowing what the reader needs to read and they just end up writing about what they want. A lot of bloggers and writers are writing and publishing ebooks without having the sense of what the reader needs to read. You can get tempted to just look at what a person wants and write about it. However, sometimes the readers and the writer both do not know what they need and what the writer should write about that will help the reader. To avoid such an issue, it is a great idea to take a survey and ask the readers to choose between 3 or 4 topics. The topic that gets the most votes, write about that.
Only Thinking Like A Writer
A book writer usually has the job of writing the material for the book and then just hand it over to the publisher. However, with an ebook, it is different. When you write an ebook, you are the writer, the publisher, and the salesperson. This is the most common issue an ebook writer faces. They write about the material and know where to go from there.
Start Writing Immediately
When the votes of the survey are in, you might be tempted to pick up your laptop or computer and just start writing an ebook immediately. Taking a step like this will cause a lot of serious problems and you will find yourself repeating things. The best way would be to plan ahead. Look into brainstorming before you start writing and plan out a mental map of how things will go in the ebook, how many chapters the ebook is going to have, and the number of words you intended for the whole ebook. Just try and pace yourself and carry on writing the ebook in stages, instead of going all out in one go.
Starting With An Introduction
Most writers usually start their ebooks with an introduction, however, this can be counterproductive and can waste a lot of time. Without knowing the material the book will contain, it will be difficult to have an idea about the introduction and it could go on for pages and pages which will make the reader lose interest. This is a challenge most ebook writers face. To remedy this, it will be a good idea to skip the introduction and start with the first chapter and draft it. As you complete the book, you will have a better idea of what to write in the introductory paragraph.
Taking Out The Time To Write
Sitting in front of your computer or laptop can be very hard. For a writer, a book is the most important thing, but it usually gets boring to sit in front of the laptop and write thousands of words in one go. Tiredness also sets in, due to sitting in one place without making any type of movement. Your fingers will also get tired due to a grueling typing session. It is the top challenge a writer when creating an ebook. One good idea is to write a chapter every day or every 3 or 4 days. This will keep you fresh and avoid getting any type of mental block or tiredness.
Making Tweaks While Writing
You might have a deadline or date that you want to finish writing your ebook on. However, you might be progressing slowly to make tweaks and corrections to your material. This happens many times that once you build some writing momentum, you might ignore little grammatical mistakes that you have done. Going back and correcting your mistakes will remedy this issue, however, it is going to take a lot of time and effort to correct hundreds of pages. A good idea would be to use on-screen editing software that can be incorporated within your writing software. This software usually displays mistakes that you might have made, giving you the correct suggestions. This will save you a lot of time.
Editing Issues
It can be said that having all the writing editing and publishing qualities all rolled in one is a difficult skill to acquire. Every writer cannot be a good editor and every editor cannot be a good writer. If you start by looking at small mistakes and grammatical errors, you are surely going to waste a lot of time. A lot of ebook writers usually face this challenge and do not know how to overcome it. A good idea would be to hire an editor and just focus on the material you want to write. If you are a writer on a tight budget, you can just hire someone to go through and correct the first few chapters of your ebook. By doing this you will have a better idea of what needs to be done and you can do it yourself on the later chapters of the ebook.
Proofreading issues
Once you have written your ebook and edited it properly by yourself or with the help of an editor. The next thing would be to go through it one more time and proofread it. However, you are probably the last person who would catch proofreading issues. As you are the one who has written the ebook, you have become so familiar with it and you might end up missing mistakes or typos that someone else might not. Hiring a proofreader would be a great idea. Hire someone familiar with the type of ebook you are writing. Ask for some before and afters from the person to get proof of their proofreading skills. You can also ask a friend who has a good grammatical sense to proofread it for you if your budget does not allow you to hire a proofreader.
Front Cover Design Issues
Many writers face the challenge of not knowing what to put on the front cover on their ebooks. Creating your front cover is a difficult task if you do not have any designing knowledge. If you do not know how to design a cover, your readers will be put off with your amateurish cover design and will avoid reading your material. The good thing to do would be to hire a professional designer to take care of it for you. Do not skimp out on this as this will ultimately decide how much your ebook is going to sell online.
The Final Words
An ebook is a great way to share your idea with the world. There will be many challenges that you are going to face along the way and overcoming them will ultimately make or break you as an author. Ebooks are not a joke and should be taken seriously. Today we have made you aware of 10 challenges a writer faces when creating an ebook, so it is a good idea to take into account to know what to expect through the whole writing process, whether you are writing an ebook for the first time or you are a seasoned writer.How Thick Is Your Blood?
It doesn't get as much attention as cholesterol or blood pressure, but blood viscosity, or blood thickness, plays an important role in heart health. Here's what you need to know.
If you're at all concerned about heart health, you probably have a good understanding of cholesterol and blood pressure, and likely know your numbers. But there may be another critical blood-related issue to consider — blood viscosity, or blood thickness. According to a health report from Harvard University, people with thicker, more viscous blood may be at a greater risk for a heart attack or for developing heart disease.
That was the case for Sarah Klena, a schoolteacher in Orange County, Fla. Despite living a healthy, active lifestyle, she had a heart attack at age 31. Her doctors suspected blood thickness shouldered part of the blame. "The doctors aren't really sure what caused it, although they did say I have the stickier type of blood," she says. "I was a runner and ate pretty well before the heart attack, so since then I've just tried to concentrate on anything that improves my health, like acupuncture, massage, yoga, meditation, and, of course, running."
Blood Thickness: What You Need to Know
If you didn't know the role blood viscosity plays in heart health, you're not alone. Most people have no idea how thick their blood is, nor do they know how to make it thinner. But it's something that should be on most people's radar for heart health, says Mary Ann Bauman, MD, a national physician spokeswoman for the American Heart Association's Go Red for Women movement.
"For overall heart health, having a normal viscosity would be ideal," explains Dr. Bauman. "Viscosity is an indication of the 'thickness' of the blood, or its resistance to flowing normally. When the blood is thicker, it moves sluggishly; there is an increased risk for red cells to adhere to one another and form clots, and for there not to be enough oxygenation in a given time to areas such as the legs or the brain, and to vital organs. The heart will work harder to pump the needed oxygen to the body." She says that blood viscosity can increase because of many factors, such as certain medications, too many red blood cells, high lipid levels, and other conditions, including diabetes and cancer.
There are tests to check for thick blood, but they're rarely used routinely — "it is usually done in patients who have blood cancers," says Bauman.
However, there are clues that you may be at risk for a blood viscosity issue. If you have other heart health problems like blood clots or high cholesterol, or you're a regular smoker, then the chances are also good that your blood might be more viscous than it should be, notes Sriram Padmanabhan, MD, a cardiologist at the MedStar Franklin Square Medical Center in Baltimore.
What You Can Do About Viscous Blood
The good news is that strategies to improve blood viscosity are not too different from those for general heart health. "Exercise definitely helps the blood flow better by improving the health of the arteries, reducing blood pressure, and reducing cholesterol, among other benefits," says Dr. Padmanabhan. "Quitting smoking goes a long way in improving overall health, reducing the clotting ability of blood and reducing the chance of a heart attack. Reducing fat in our diet, losing weight, keeping cholesterol in check, and keeping blood pressure under tight control all help directly and indirectly in reducing the chance of heart attacks, which is essentially related to blood flow."
When these measures aren't enough, you may need to rely on medication and other guidelines from your doctor to reduce your risk. "In general, the ability of blood to flow easily and to clot appropriately is determined by genetics," adds Padmanabhan. "Some patients will need specific treatments and medications to make their blood flow better." Schedule regular appointments with your doctor to review your risks and protect your heart health.The Dearbump subscription boxes are designed specifically with every stage of pregnancy in mind, and give all soon-to-be mamas a gift they can look forward to each month. Whether its nourishing skincare, educational books or tasty treats, the Dearbump boxes are packed full of goodies delivered straight to your door. Every month we carefully select products suitable for mothers and babies, ensuring that recipients receive only the highest quality luxury products that will help prepare them for the greatest journey they’ll ever experience.
Your 1st box will be dispatched within 2 working days and then every month from that day.
When you sign up, every month you will receive a box of carefully selected products and presents tailored to your stage of pregnancy and postbirth.
Select your stage of pregnancy to begin your subscription. Include your due date so we can make sure you are receiving the correct box each month.
You will be billed on your first order and then every month until your final box (currently 6 months postbirth), unless you cancel. You can cancel your subscription at any time.Présentation
PhD, Post Doc
0142754569Envoyer un message
ORCID 0000-0002-8156-1218
Post-Doctoral
February 2017 – present - Imagine - Institut des maladies génétiques / Institut de Psychiatrie et Neurosciences de Paris - Genetics and Development of the Cerebral Cortex. Dr. Alessandra Pierani Laboratory Developmental role of delta Protocadherins in Cajal-Retzius cells and the construction of functional and dysfunctional cortical circuits.
Ph.D.
January 2014 – January 2017 – Italian Institute of Technology - NBT Department, Genoa, Italy. Role of Protocadherin 19 in the Epilepsy and Mental Retardation Limited to Females. Supervised by Dr. Laura Cancedda
Scientific Master
September 2011 – June 2013 Jagiellonian University, Cracow, Poland. Effect of osteogenic factors on human MSC culture in 2D and 3D conditions. Supervised by Dr.Anna Maria Osyczka
Bachelor degree
September 2007 – June 2011 Jagiellonian University, Cracow, Poland. The use of stem cells in development of bio artificial heart. Supervised by Dr. Janusz Karasinski
PUBLICATIONS
F Trovato, R Parra, E Pracucci, S Landi, O Cozzolino, G Nardi, F Cruciani, V Pillai, L Mosti, AW Cwetsch, L Cancedda, L Gritti, C Sala, C Verpelli, A Maset, C Lodovichi, GM Ratto; Modelling genetic mosaicism of neurodevelopmental disorders in vivo by a Cre amplifying fluorescent reporter Nature communications 2020, 6194 (2020)
J Szczurkowska, S Lee, A Guo, AW Cwetsch, T Khan, S Rao, G Walz, TB Huber, L Cancedda, S Pautot, M Shelly; A localized scaffold for cGMP increase is required for apical dendrite development. Cell Reports, 2020 Apr 14;31(2):107519
J Gilabert-Juan* and AW Cwetsch*; Blood biomarkers in schizophrenia: a focus on genetics, Book Chapter in: Patients with Schizophrenia: Advances in Research and Future Directions. Nova Science Publishers, Inc. 2020 *equal contribution
Y Arai, AW, and Alessandra Pierani; Evolutionary gain of Dbx1 expression drives subplate identity in the cerebral cortex. Cell Reports, 2019 29(3):645-658.e5
RO Costa, H Martins, LF Martins, JR Pedro, M Mele, AW Cwetsch, L Cancedda, SR Jaffrey, RD Almeida; Mechanisms underlying ribosomal regulation during axonal development Cell Reports, 2019 Jul 23;28(4):864-876
S Naskar*, R Narducci*, E Balzani, AW Cwetsch, V Tucci, L Cancedda; The development of synaptic transmission is time-locked to early social behaviors in rats. Nature Communications, 2019 (10) 1195 *equal contribution
AW Cwetsch, B Pinto, A Savardi, L Cancedda; Acute in vivo methods for gene modulationin the central nervous system. Progress in Neurobiology, 2018 Sep;168:69-85
S Bassani, AW Cwetsch, L Gerosa, GM Serratto, A Folci, IF Hall, M Mazzanti, L Cancedda, M Passafaro; The female epilepsy protein PCDH19 is a new GABAAR binding partner that regulates GABAergic transmission as well as migration and morphological maturation of hippocampal neurons. Human Molecular Genetics, 2018 Mar 15;27(6):1027-1038
C Montani, M Ramos, L Ponzoni, L Gritti, AW Cwetsch, D Braida, Y Saillour, B Terragni, M Mantegazza, L Cancedda, M Sala, C Verpelli, P Billuart, C Sala; The X-linked intellectual disability protein IL1RAPL1 regulates dendrite complexity. The Journal of Neuroscience, 2017 12;37(28):6606-6627
J Szczurkowska* & AW Cwetsch*, M Dal Maschio, D Ghezzi, GM Ratto, L Cancedda; Targeted in vivo genetic manipulation of the mouse or rat brain by in utero electroporation with a triple-electrode probe. Nature Protocols, 2016 Mar;11(3):399-412 *equal contribution
D De Zio, F Molinari, S Rizza, L Gatta, MT Ciotti, AM Salvatore, SG Mathiassen, AW Cwetsch, G Filomeni, G Rosano, E Ferraro. Apaf1-deficient cortical neurons exhibit defects in axonal outgrowth; Cellular and Molecular Life Sciences, 2015 Nov;72(21):4173-91
J Szczurkowska, AW Cwetsch, M dal Maschio, D Ghezzi, GM Ratto, L Cancedda; High-performance and reliable site-directe in vivo genetic manipulation of mouse and rat brain by in utero electroporation with a triple-electrode probe. Nature Protocol Exchange ; 2013 doi:10.1038/protex.2013.089
J Szczurkowska, M dal Maschio, AW Cwetsch, D Ghezzi, G Bony, A. Alabastri, RP Zaccaria, E di Fabrizio, GM Ratto, L. Cancedda; Increased Performance in Genetic Manipulation by Modeling the Dielectric Properties of the Rodent Brain35th Annual International Conference of the IEEE EMBS, Osaka, Japan, 2013; 2013:1615-8
La recherche : une aventure scientifique
Notre objectif : mieux comprendre les maladies génétiques pour mieux les soigner.Amazon Warriors?…
About
Contributors
- Narrator
Opinion
More from the community
Community lists featuring this title
There are no community lists featuring this title
Community contributions
There are no quotations from this title
From the communityMy Most Anticipated Releases for the Second Half of 2020
Happy Tuesday, Wormies! I’m back and I’m excited because my reading mojo is back! I’m getting a little bit more reading done, which has been great since the pandemic happened! I’m really excited about the following books releasing the rest of this year! I’ve already read Don’t Hex and Drive by Juliette Cross and I gave it 5 stars! My review will be posted on the week of release date. Do you have any of these books on your TBR? Have you read any of these books? Which books have you been highly anticipating?The Supreme Court directed the Kerala government to file its reply quickly to a plea challenging its decision to relax Covid restrictions
20 Jul 2021 8:27 AM
Yogi Adityanath has instructed police to ensure that blood and offal of animals is not dumped in open drains.
22 Aug 2018 9:13 AMMymp3song.me – How To Download Latest Movies And Songs on Mymp3song 2018... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Mymp3song.me is a one-stop solution for all your music needs which keeps you entertain all time. It provides free Entertainment Mp3 Songs for those who like to listen to Bollywood Mp3 Song. Further, you can download all your favorite movies...
to tags: hollywood songs music bollywood
MP3Skull – Download Free And Latest MP3 Songs... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Mp3skull is one of the biggest free mp3 download sites which provides unlimited songs to its users. Founded in 2010, it is among the popular mp3 search engines which helps you to search for your favorite and best quality free mp3 songs, listen...
PagalWorld Music Download: Download Latest MP3 Songs... - Details
ganatunesinfo: You might have visited the Pagalworld website several times for downloading your favorite Bollywood music. Well, you can get different types of songs on the site such as rock music, light songs, inspirational songs, funny songs.
If you want...
Hindi Songs 2018: 10 Biggest Hit Songs of The Year So Far... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Popular Hindi Songs 2018 which includes Kamariya, Dilbar, Bom Diggy Diggy have become one of the most favourite songs of the year. Well, Bollywood songs are unique in the world as it portrays the mix of different cultures.
While the likes...
Waptrick- How To Download Free MP3 Music, Videos and Games... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Waptrick provides the best free mp3 music download collection where you can search the fresh Waptrick mp3 music updates daily. After visiting Waptrick.com, you can find all the latest and popular free mp3 music.
Welcome to Waptrick
Waptrick...
MP3 Juices – Download Free MP3 Songs From MP3Juices.cc... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Whenever you will search, “free mp3 music downloads” on Google, you will see that Mp3 Juices is one of the top-rated mp3 download sites on Google. Indeed, this shows the value of the website.
Apart from that, there are times when...
11/21/2018 02:45am - via... - Details
ganatunesinfo: merry christmas wishes text | short christmas wishes | funny christmas wishes | christmas and new year greetings | merry christmas wishes 2018
“Jingle bells, jingle bells, Jingle all the way,” Indeed, the Christmas Eve is near and you...
to tags: merrycristmas hollywood
VLC Media Player Download for Windows 10 and Android... - Details
ganatunesinfo: player download 32 bit windows 7
VLC media player, popularly known as VLC is a software, which is basically designed to play audios and videos. Well, it supports a large range of formats which includes WAV, DivX and MPEG4.
The VLC Media...
Wapking Mp3 Songs Download: Download Latest Music, Videos, Game... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Get all the latest bollywood, Gujarati, Punjabi music, videos, free games and hindi song download on wapking co and wapking mp3 songs download
Spotify Web Player Download - Play Spotify by Using a Browser... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Get the spotify web player android and spotify web player app which can fulfill your desires and Listen to Spotify using just a Web Browser
MX Player App Download- Download MX Player for PC, Windows
12/19/2018 01:23am - via... - Details
ganatunesinfo: The popular Android video player supports different forms of audio formats. So, you must definitely download MX Player for PC and mx player pro apk
to tags: bollywood hollywood music movie
Hotstar Download for PC - Watch Movies on Hotstar for Free... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Get the the latest episodes of Star Plus serials, live sports, and watch movies on Hotstar for free. Also, know the ways of hotstar download for pc
to tags: bollywood hollywood music movie
VLC Media Player Download for Windows 10 and Android... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Watch your favourite videos and listen to songs with VLC media player download vlc for android as well as vlc media player download for windows 10
PagalWorld Music Download: Download Latest MP3 Songs... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Get your favourite songs and download the latest mp3 songs through pagalworld music mp3 download and pagalworld english songs download
Bestwap Movie Download - Download Movies for Free... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Download latest movies, Bollywood, Hindi, Hollywood and English movies on Bestwap movie download and bestwap.in movie download website
to tags: bollywood hollywood music movie
Latest Bhojpuri Songs Mp3 Download - Download Top 10 Songs... - Details
ganatunesinfo: From Lachke Kamariya Tohar to Sej Wala Age Bhail, download and listen to all the latest bhojpuri songs mp3 and hit bhojpuri songs of pawan singh
India’s Probable 11 for World Cup 2019-... - Details
ganatunesinfo: India have been trying rotation policy these day’s to Finalize the Probable 11 for ICC World Cup 2019 , which is hosted by England and Wales will be played from May 30, 2019, to July 14, 2019.
Meanwhile, the new edition of world cup will...
to tags: worldcup bcci games cricket sports
PewDiePie vs T-series: T-series End PewDiePie’s Reign on YouTube?... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Is it the end of PewDiePie’s era on YouTube?, Believe it or not, the PewDiePie vs T-series battle is turning out to be one of the biggest war on the internet. Moreover, the news of T-Series becoming the most-subscribed channel on YouTube has...
Should I watch Raid or not, first reviews and glimpses... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Spread the love10 1 11Shares“Main sirf sasural se hi shaadi wale din khali haath lauta tha … varna jiske ghar subah subah pahuncha hoon kuch na kuch nikaal kar hi laya hoon”, says Ajay Devgan in the movie “Raid”. Releasing on 16th...
OMG! CBSE class 12 Accountancy paper leaked, Check out what Boa... - Details
ganatunesinfo: Thursday morning turned out to be a disturbing one for the students when class 12 accountancy paper of CBSE was making rounds on Whatsapp before the beginning of the examination. According to the reports, the paper was leaked on various social...SLEEP 44 - best sleep support - all natural
Insomnia is Deadly! Research is proving that insomnia and poor quality sleep is associated with many disease states such as cancer, diabetes, obesity and heart disease. Your body needs good sleep: SLEEP 44, the latest version of the EDEN new formula!
SLEEP 44 - Natural Sleep Aid
This all natural sleep aid is safe, 100% natural and available without a prescription. SLEEP 44 is an all natural sleep aid, non-addictive and free from side effects.
SLEEP 44 provides insomnia relief and deep sleep and is not addictive in any way! Plus it is available without a prescription. It is also far more affordable than other prescription drugs. SLEEP 44 a great alternative to the high cost of prescription sleep aids End Insomnia Today and Feel Better Now!
Experience the wellbeing that only a restful night of sleep can give you. Feel energized, feel alive and above all feel safe knowing that SLEEP 4U is completely safe, all natural and non-addictive. Order today and get rid of insomnia.Event Information
Date and time
Location
Online event
About this event
The University of Hertfordshire (UH) is working with the Pan London Practice Learning Group (PLPLG) on the development and introduction of an ePAD.
UH will be using the ePAD from September 2021 for BSc and MSc Nursing cohorts.
This online session will be hosted by the University of Hertfordshire and is for Practice Supervisors and Practice Assessors involved in the supervision or assessment of student nurses, who will require an understanding on how the ePAD works.
Date and time
Location
Online eventIn today's CMU Daily:
100 celebs sign anti-war letter,
REM confirmed as Glastonbury headliners,
ITV Digital demand cash from former customers,
45 second mixes,
New urban magazine launches with Knight interview,
Yoko and Mccartney feud rekindled,
Midweek chart update,
Review : Looptroop Fly Away,
Zane Lowe to take over Session slot ... eventually,
Beckham denies shes a pop idol judge,
Shooting at Sean Paul shoot,
Massive Attack announce dates,
Kylie calendar repackaged
------------------------------------------------
Cryptic Christmas songs - which festive number is this clue referring too?
Feeling unsteady around the decorations.
100 CELEBS SIGN ANTI-WAR LETTER
With more American celebs expressing their concerns over Bushs foreign policy in the Middle East every day, now 100 actors and musicians have signed a formal letter to the President urging him not to take a military option in Iraq.
REMs Michael Stipe, David Duchovny, Matt Damon, Kim Basinger, Samuel L. Jackson, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, Barbra Streisand and Martin Sheen are among those who have signed the letter which says: "War talk in Washington is alarming and unnecessary. We are patriotic Americans who share the belief that Saddam Hussein cannot be allowed to possess weapons of mass destruction. We support rigorous United Nations weapons inspections to assure Iraq's effective disarmament."
White House press secretary Ari Fleischer reportedly responded: "the president agrees that violence is not the answer in Iraq, and that's why he hopes Saddam Hussein will disarm." Waits to be seen if thats true.
REM CONFIRMED AS GLASTONBURY HEADLINERS
REM have confirmed they will play Glastonbury as part of the 2003 European Tour assuming the festival gets the go ahead from local licensing officials of course. The announcement is unusual because the Glastonbury line up is normally a closely guarded secret until very close to the event well after all the tickets have been sold. Michael Eavis also revealed other headliners have been confirmed, though he remained tight lipped on who they might be. "It really is quite extraordinary to have all these headliners in place already," he told the BBC.
But just now Eavis is more concerned about a meeting of Mendip District Council this Thursday. Although the event went much more smoothly this year, with Mean Fiddler managed security keeping the usual fence hoppers out, the strict door policy pushed thousands of non-ticket holders into local towns and villages much to the distress of local residents. How Eavis can stop this no ones sure making it a bit of a hurdle to cross - "I think we might have a problem on our hands," Eavis admits. That said, local police, fire, ambulance and highway authorities have all approved the plans for the 2003 event.
ITV DIGITAL DEMAND CASH FROM FORMER CUSTOMERS
Liquidators of defunct digital TV operator ITV Digital caused more resentment yesterday when they asked former customers to shell out £40 for the set top boxes they are now using to access free to air digital platform Freeview. The boxes were provided for free as part of the ITV Digital package, and the small print on the contract stated that all technology was actually owned by the company. Liquidators Grant Thornton have decided to go with the small print, ignore the fact that gross mis-management by ITV deprived consumers of a service theyd paid for with no notice, and cash in.
Its a mad decision because all it does is further damage the reputation of the networks former owners ITV. Former subscribers have already started an online war against the liquidators, with one writing: "Do these idiots really expect us to keep obsolete technology on the understanding that a defunct company might try and reclaim it? If so, then I believe we have a right to charge storage costs and administration charges to remove the box from storage.
Liquidators have put the letters demanding the £40 on On Digital headed paper. On Digital was the original name for ITV Digital and they hope the move will reduce the negative impact the move will have on the ITV brand. Deluded I tell you.
45 SECOND MIXES
Dance label Simbal Records is planning a mix album where each track in the mix features for a maximum of 45 Seconds. The album - 45 Seconds of will feature 99 tracks by 84 artists from over 20 countries. The likes of DJ Spooky, Sybarite, Si-cut db, Lali Puna, John Tejada, Joseph Nothing, Chicks On Speed and Martin Rev will appear.
NEW URBAN MAGAZINE LAUNCHES WITH KNIGHT INTERVIEW
A new DVD magazine in the US has launched with an exclusive interview with Death Row/Tha Row Records boss Suge Knight. The new magazine - Yellow Tape Magazine comes on a DVD including text and video on all things r&b and hop hop.
Talking about the magazine the man in charge of Yellow Tape, Romel Mason, reckons his magazine will fill a hole in urban media. "I saw that all of these outlets really portray only a few stereotypical images of urban America. It's always the poor, drug using, bang-bang shoot 'em up imagery and that's it. It's very one-sided and sensationalistic, and to me, they never give it to us like it is like being a person in urban America. There are very intelligent people in this culture that are not catered to."
Talking about this exclusive interview, Mason continued: "With Suge, we felt that he was so often misrepresented in the media and that there must be a flip side. After all, he's a successful business man, a father, does a lot of other stuff - charity work - that rarely gets focused on, and the truth is that he probably wouldn't have gotten as far as he had, if he was just what the media portrayed him to be... Love him, like him, or hate him, everyone wants to hear what he has to say."
YOKO AND MCCARTNEY FEUD REKINDLED
An old feud has been rekindled after Paul McCartney credited the Beatles tracks on his new live album as having been written by Paul McCartney and John Lennon. This has annoyed the ever diplomatic Yoko Ono who claims a previous agreement states Beatles songs will always be credited to Lennon/McCartney. Ono's lawyer, Peter Shukat, told Rolling Stone that McCartneys actions is "absolutely inappropriate".
But Geoff Baker, speaking for McCartney, told reporters Lennon and McCartney agreed in the sixties they could switch the names whenever they felt like it. He claimed that McCartney has been crediting his name first on Beatles songs on his solo albums since Wings Over America in 1976 and that it was only on records released via the Beatles' Apple label that all band members, or their estates, must agree changes.
-----------------------------------------------
MIDWEEK CHART UPDATE
Another pop upset likely this weekend in the charts. Gareth Gates What My Heart Wants To Say is likely to enter at number six. Blue and Elton are favourites for number one, with the current top four (Eminem, Cheeky Girls, Daniel Bedingfield and Robbie) all outselling Gates. Mark Radcliffe is hosting the Radio 1 chart show this week so probably worth a listen.
REVIEW: Looptroop Fly Away (Burning Heart)
Although this soul jazz heavy hiphop cut features Swedish MCs Timbuktu and Kekke Kulcha it doesnt show. The track also features Freestyle from the Arsonists (who sounds uncannily like Eninem) and DJ Noise, and the result as you might expect is wicked. A great righteous hiphop number with jazz, soul, and solid beats. JG
Release date: 13 Jan
Press contact: Zzonked [all]
ZANE LOWE TO TAKE OVER SESSION SLOT, EVENTUALLY
Radio 1 have announced their plans for the Evening Session when Steve Lamacq leaves the show at the end of the year. Colin Murray from the Session in Northern Ireland will present the show from 7 Jan, but he is only the fill in until Zane Lowe works out his contract with Xfm. Zane is expected to take over in late Spring.
Murray, who has just started the 'Born Sloppy' programme on Channel 4 with Sara Cox, told NME: I've been three years on the Evening Session in Northern Ireland working towards this goal. The fundamentals of the slot will not change. Devotees of Steve's show will not turn on and then turn off again. But we want to broaden things. I want it to be a window to specialist shows. To say a person who likes one sort of music will not like another is nonsense. Just because a tune's on Pete Tong's show doesn't mean it can't be on our show. It will also open the way for a return for Showaddywaddy."
Talking about his fill-in capacity on the slot he said: "My involvement with Radio 1 goes beyond this show. But I don't really care what comes next or what came before. I care about what we do during the time we're doing it and making it the best. We're not just there to make up the numbers. I'm so excited I may let the tyres down on Westwood's A-Team van. I want to show the nation what Belfast boys can do."
Zane Lowe has still to comment on the announcement.
BECKHAM DENIES SHES A POP IDOL JUDGE
Victoria Beckham has denied yesterdays reports that she was being lined up as a judge for the second series of Pop Idol, following Geri Halliwells lead as judge on Popstars.
On her official website site a statement read: "Contrary to reports in certain newspapers Victoria will not be on the judging panel for the next series of Pop Idol."
SHOOTING AT SEAN PAUL SHOOT
A shooting during the filming of a video for Jamaican dance hall artist Sean Paul left one man dead yesterday. The video was for Get Busy, the follow up to Gimme The Light, a track currently at number eight in the US singles chart. According to local media reports the victim, 21-year-old Ramesh Christie, was shot in the abdomen at around 8.30pm in Vaughn, an area on the northern outskirts of Toronto. He was pronounced dead at Etobicoke General Hospital.
"We were all inside shooting the music video and we heard gunshots outside," a production crew member told reporters. "It was extras, apparently, who shot the guy."
In a statement Paul told reporters: "I was deeply saddened to hear that a shooting occurred last night in the vicinity of my video shoot. Although I did not witness the incident, my sympathy and prayers go out to the victim's family and to those who have been affected by this tragedy. We must overcome violence and hatred. All life is precious. Respect."
MASSIVE ATTACK ANNOUNCE DATES
Massive Attack have confirmed the dates for their 2003 European tour to promote new album 100th Window due for release on 10 Feb. Those UK dates:
8 & 9 Apr: Glasgow Academy
11 & 12 Apr: Manchester Apollo
16 & 17 Apr: London Brixton Academy
KYLIE CALENDAR REPACKAGED
Word is Woolworths have been forced to repackage 250,000 Kylie Minogue advent calendars because teenage boys are tampering with them! The people behind advent calendar obviously havent read the bible because there are 31 doors, one for each day of December. The problem is door 27, which is right next to Kylie's bottom. A Woolworths spokeswoman told the Daily Express: "Young boys thought it amusing to lift up the window next to Kylie's bottom. We couldn't have Kylie's bottom pinched could we?" The calendars have now been sealed in plastic bags to avoid any more tampering.
Answer to Tuesday's cryptic Christmas song:
Cryptic Christmas songs - which festive number is this clue referring too?
December 25th 2001
Last Christmas by Wham ... of course!Efficiency Smart Introduces Heat Pump Rebates for Beach City Utilities Customers.
October 24, 2019
Efficiency Smart has introduced a new $100 rebate on qualifying air source heat pumps and a $750 rebate on qualifying cold climate air source heat pumps for Beach City Utilities customers.
Heat pumps are one of the most energy-efficient heating and cooling systems, making them a good option for homeowners planning on replacing their HVAC systems. Heat pumps work by drawing heat from the environment and moving it indoors to heat homes or outdoors to cool it. Heat pumps help maintain a constant temperature, which can make your home comfortable year-round.
Efficient air source heat pumps can reduce electric use for heating by 50 percent compared to electric resistance heating. Cold climate air source heat pumps are even more efficient, as they are designed to handle temperatures below 0 degrees Fahrenheit without the need for supplemental heating. Heat pumps can also reduce cooling costs, as they use less energy than typical room air conditioners.
Customers can learn more about the new rebates by visiting and selecting “Product Rebates” or by calling 877-889-3777.Formula E Techeetah Racing Director Léo Thomas has won the inaugural Modis Engineer of the Year Award, seeing off competition from an outstanding field of experts as the ABB FIA Formula E Championship and its official innovation partner Modis seek to recognise technical excellence in the innovative world of electric racing. The announcement was made at the Formula E Season Finale Awards Gala in New York on Sunday evening.
Racing is not only about the drivers. Behind the scenes, there is an army of engineers, data analysts, mechanics and team managers who keep the ABB FIA Formula E Championship's 10 teams running smoothly. 35,000 associates and consultants and serving more than 6,000 customers in 18 countries worldwide. The Modis network of 20 centres of excellence and delivery centres for the Audi Sport:Nexoos Overview
- Founded
- 2014
- Status
- Acquired/Merged
- Employees
- 72
- Latest Deal Type
- M&A
Nexoos General Information
Description
Developer of an online lending platform designed to offer affordable credit for businesses and attractive returns for investors. The company's platform offers a peer-to-peer lending model that connects companies that need loans with investors, without bureaucracy and high fees, enabling small and medium-sized companies to access cheap interest credit while making the process faster, efficient, and fair.
Contact Information
(Operating Subsidiary)
- Rua Claudio Soares
- 72 - Pinheiros
- Sao Paulo, 05422-030
- Brazil
Want detailed data on 3M+ companies?
What you see here scratches the surfaceRequest a free trial
Want to dig into this profile?
We’ll help you find what you needLearn more
Nexoos Valuation & Funding
Nexoos Comparisons
Industry
00000000
00000
PitchBook’s comparison feature gives you a side-by-side look at key metrics for similar companies. Personalize which data points you want to see and create visualizations instantly.Request a free trial
Nexoos Competitors (14)
Nexoos Executive Team (4)
NexAverage salary£19,975 per year
18%
Above national average
Salary estimated from 1 employee, user, and past and present job advertisement on Indeed in the past 12 months. Last updated: 09 January 2019
Compare all Sales Assistant salaries in the United Kingdom
More Mayfair Granite Sales salaries
All Mayfair Granite - Sales salaries
How much should you be earning?
Tell us about you and get an estimated calculation of how much you should be earning and insight into your career options. Customer Service Direct Messaging Gets a Makeover
Twitter is updating its direct messaging with Custom Profiles, enabling brands to differentiate automated responses from human responses during interactions with customers. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
Follow the Talent: What Makes a Winning Contact Center Location
As onshoring returns, contact center operators will need to be creative in their site selection to offset higher wages. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
Reach Difficult B2B Prospects with This 2-Part Approach
Combining unconventional messaging with tenacity can double your contact rate.
SMBs Embrace Social Media Marketing, Study Finds
Social media is the top marketing channel used by small and midsize businesses, and it's only growing, according to BIA/Kelsey
The Internot of Things
Linking machine to machine, separating hype from hope
BrightEdge Launches ContentIQ And HyperLocal
New site audit and local search capabilities pinpoint opportunities to accelerate organic search revenue and improve content quality and performance.
noHold Releases Next Generation of Albert Chatbot
noHold has launched an updated version of its platform for creating chatbots.
Bright Pattern Integrates with Oracle RightNow
Bright Pattern has integrated its cloud contact center software with Oracle RightNow CRM. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
Synchronoss Launches Messaging Marketplace Platform
Synchronoss' new messaging platform enables tier-one service providers with advanced messaging and commerce capabilities across platforms.
Voxox Introduces Two-Way Toll-Free Texting for Wholesale Customers
Voxox's Two-way Toll-Free Texting Service is for SMS aggregators and other businesses leveraging high-volume SMS.Ireland's most infamous comedic couple, Farmer Michael And Kathleen, are coming to the midlands with their show ‘Farmer Michael And Kathleen Live in Athlone’
The show takes place on Friday, April 17, with doors open from 7pm. The show, which takes place in the Prince of Wales Hotel in Athlone, is expected to run from 8-10pm.
Tickets are priced at €22.50 and are available for purchase at or by calling 090-6476666. They can also be purchased through the reception of the Prince of Wales Hotel..- Western Sno-Riders
Grooming Update - Feb 23, 2021
This update brought to you by Western Mazda.
Groomed from Rugged Edge out to Farm Road and back to railbed. Continued onto Mt. Moriah/Hilliards Road, then out to Gallants via railbed and returned to Rugged Edge.
Groomed from Hughes Brook up 26 trail though all communities including Rattler on the North Shore and returned to Hughes Brook.
Groomed from Pasadena east to camel back and returned to Pasadena east. Stormy evening in places.
Fiber Optics
Red Fiber Optics Patch Cords
Red Fiber Optic Jumpers Color Coding you Fiber patch cords is the Easiest & Cheapest way to ID your Fiber Optic cords in your Data Center. Many Data Centers now color code their Fiber Optic cables to easy identification. I have a customer Read more…
Create New AccountThe Loan DepotGet Directions | 281-342-8383
Request Driving Directions
Enter your starting location in the field below to get directions to The Loan Depot.
Our Fans
This business doesn't have any fans.
Become a Fan of this Business
If you want to save The Loan Depot to your favourite business to get updates and easy access from your dashboard, click in the next button. Click HereThe Wrangler is available in both two- and 4-door models. Two-door versions come in Sport, Sport S and Rubicon spec, while the 4-doors add Sahara and Altitude trim levels between Sport S and Rubicon. The base model Wrangler comes standard with the popular FCA Pentastar V6 engine making 285 horsepower and 260 lb-feet of torque mated to either a manual 6-speed transmission or 8-speed automatic. A 2.0L turbocharged 4-cylinder engine was introduced for all trim levels in 2018 producing 270 horsepower and a whopping 295 ft lbs.I use the function _access to check for file/directory existence in my program,
Problem definition: I have noticed that the function can’t deal with long file names.ÂÂ the “\\?\” prefix also allows the use of “..” and “.” in the path names. To specify an extended-length path, use the “\\?\” prefix. For example, “\\?\D:\<very long path>”.Â â€“1 if the named file does not exist or is not accessible in the given mode;
Do share your questions and views..Number of View :3677
Related posts:
- CreateProcess And fork() In Windows Differences And Implementation
- How To Debug Err This Application Has Failed To Start Because MSVCR90.dll Was Not Found
- Solution – C Requires That a Struct Or Union Has At Least One Member
- Unresolved External Symbol _getenv_ USE IFPORT Link Error For Application Porting From UNIX To Win32
- Fork Implementation In Windows Operating System Vfork Implement in Win32
Tags: linux, unix to windows porting, win32, Windows XP
This entry was posted on Wednesday, September 15th, 2010 at 4:19 am and is filed under Tips & Tricks, Unix2Win32_Porting. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.Marketing Manager
We have another exciting urban development project due to commence in early 2022 and are looking for an energetic and skilled person to join our Sales and Marketing team and take control of this project. This is an exciting opportunity to develop and work on a brand from inception all the way through to delivery.
Working as part of the Sales and Marketing team, but focused on a particular project, this is a fantastic opportunity for an established or aspiring Marketing Manager to take ownership and create a real mark within the property marketing industry and the state.
Reporting to the Director of Sales & Marketing but embedded with the project delivery team and working closely with the Project Lead you will have full carriage to build the brand, implement the marketing and sales strategy, manage marketing campaigns, events and much more.
Take ownership of this career building opportunity
This is your opportunity to take ownership of an exciting new project, to manage external consultants, leverage the skills and experience within our team to create a brand that will sit proudly in your portfolio.
You are a driven and professional operator, who is comfortable working closely with the Project Lead & Director of Sales & Marketing to assist in driving strategy and delivery. You will balance this with being comfortable taking on the ‘doing’. You love problem solving and new challenges and finding solutions that drive outcomes. You have a willingness to learn and strong drive with ambitious career goals. Strong communication and collaborative working ability will be key to succeeding in this role. The size of this project means you will manage the sales and marketing component from end to end, with assistance from agencies and team members when needed.
This role will either open up further opportunities within Renewal SA, or be a great platform for you to grow your career.
We are absolutely focused on building a great culture, one where we support and grow our team members. We are also passionate about doing what we do best (that’s property) to have significant positive impacts on our great state of South Australia!
We are a supportive equal opportunity employer, and applications from First Nations people, people with disability and people of all gender identities are encouraged., 6 December 2021.
Downloads
Enquiries
Please email your queries to RenewalSA.PeopleCulture@sa.gov.au in the first instance or contact Renewal SA’s People and Culture team on 0478 949 499.4 Vesta
Vesta ( minor-planet designation: 4 Vesta) is one of the largest objects in the asteroid belt, with a mean diameter of 525 kilometres (326 mi). [10] It was discovered by the German astronomer Heinrich Wilhelm Matthias Olbers on 29 March 1807 [8] and is named after Vesta, the virgin goddess of home and hearth from Roman mythology.
Vesta is thought to be the second-largest asteroid, both by mass and by volume, after the dwarf planet Ceres, [18] [19] [20] though in volume it overlaps with the uncertainty in the measurements of 2 Pallas. [21] Measurements give it a nominal volume only slightly larger than that of Pallas (about 5% greater, which is the magnitude of the uncertainties in measurement), but it is 25% to 30% more massive. It constitutes an estimated 9% of the mass of the asteroid belt. [22] Vesta is the only known remaining rocky protoplanet (with a differentiated interior) of the kind that formed the terrestrial planets. [23] [24] [25] Numerous fragments of Vesta were ejected by collisions one and two billion years ago that left two enormous craters occupying much of Vesta's southern hemisphere. [26] [27] Debris from these events has fallen to Earth as howardite–eucrite–diogenite (HED) meteorites, which have been a rich source of information about Vesta. [28] [29] [30]
Vesta is the brightest asteroid visible from Earth. It is regularly as bright as magnitude 5.1, [17] at which times it is faintly visible to the naked eye. Its maximum distance from the Sun is slightly greater than the minimum distance of Ceres from the Sun, [d] though its orbit lies entirely within that of Ceres. [31]
NASA's Dawn spacecraft entered orbit around Vesta on 16 July 2011 for a one-year exploration and left the orbit of Vesta on 5 September 2012 [32] en route to its final destination, Ceres. Researchers continue to examine data collected by Dawn for additional insights into the formation and history of Vesta. [33] [34]
History
Discovery
Heinrich Olbers discovered Pallas in 1802, the year after the discovery of Ceres. He proposed that the two objects were the remnants of a destroyed planet. He sent a letter with his proposal to the British astronomer William Herschel, suggesting that a search near the locations where the orbits of Ceres and Pallas intersected might reveal more fragments. These orbital intersections were located in the constellations of Cetus and Virgo. [35]. [36]. [37] [38] Gauss decided on the Roman virgin goddess of home and hearth, Vesta. [39]
Name and symbol, similar to the Chinese names of Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto. [e]
Upon its discovery, Vesta was, like Ceres, Pallas, and Juno before it, classified as a planet and given a
planetary symbol. The symbol represented the altar of Vesta with its
sacred fire and was designed by Gauss.
[40]
[41] In Gauss's conception, now obsolete, this was drawn
.
[f] The asteroid symbols were retired from astronomical use in ca. 1852, but the first four were resurrected for astrology in the 1970s. The modern astrological form of the Vesta symbol is
(U+26B6 ⚶).
[g]
After the discovery of Vesta, no further objects were discovered for 38 years, and the Solar System was thought to have eleven planets. [45]. [46] Today, either Vesta, or, more commonly, 4 Vesta, is used.
Early measurements. [48]
Early estimates of the diameter of Vesta ranged from 383 kilometres (238 mi) in 1825, to 444 km (276 mi). E.C. Pickering produced an estimated diameter of 513 ± 17 km (319 ± 11 mi) in 1879, which is close to the modern value for the mean diameter, but the subsequent estimates ranged from a low of 390 km (242 mi) up to a high of 602 km (374 mi) during the next century. The measured estimates were based on photometry. In 1989, speckle interferometry was used to measure a dimension that varied between 498 and 548 km (309 and 341 mi) during the rotational period. [49] (342 mi × 287 mi). [50] at (1.20±0.08)×10−10 M☉ ( solar masses). [51] More refined estimates followed, and in 2001 the perturbations of 17 Thetis were used to calculate the mass of Vesta to be (1.31±0.02)×10−10 M☉. [52] Dawn determined it to be 1.3029×10−10 M☉.
Orbit
Vesta orbits the Sun between Mars and Jupiter, within the asteroid belt, with a period of 3.6 Earth years, ). [8]
True orbital resonances between asteroids are considered unlikely; due to their small masses relative to their large separations, such relationships should be very rare. [53] Nevertheless, Vesta is able to capture other asteroids into temporary 1:1 resonant orbital relationships (for periods up to 2 million years or more); about forty such objects have been identified. [54] Decameter-sized objects detected in the vicinity of Vesta by Dawn may be such quasi-satellites rather than proper satellites. [54]
Rotation. [55]
Coordinate systems. . [57] It was accepted by the IAU, though it disrupts the maps prepared by the Dawn team, which had been positioned so they would not bisect any major surface features. [56] [58]
Physical characteristics
Vesta is the second-most-massive body in the asteroid belt, [59] though only 28% as massive as Ceres. [22] Ceres is however believed to be an interloper from beyond Jupiter; if true, Vesta would be the most massive body that formed in the asteroid belt. Vesta's density is lower than those of the four terrestrial planets, but higher than those of most asteroids and all of the moons in the Solar System except volcanic Io. Vesta's surface area is about the same as the land area of Pakistan, Venezuela, Tanzania or Nigeria (a bit under 900,000 square kilometers). [i] It has a differentiated interior. [23] Vesta is only slightly larger (525.4±0.2 km [10]) than 2 Pallas (512±3 km) in volume, [60] but is about 25% more massive.
Vesta's shape is close to a gravitationally relaxed oblate spheroid, [55]. [61] A 2012 analysis of Vesta's shape [62] and gravity field using data gathered by the Dawn spacecraft has shown that Vesta is currently not in hydrostatic equilibrium. [10] [63]. [15]
Surface features
Prior to the arrival of the Dawn spacecraft, some Vestan surface features had already been resolved using the Hubble Space Telescope and ground-based telescopes (e.g. the Keck Observatory). [64] The arrival of Dawn in July 2011 revealed the complex surface of Vesta in detail. [65]
Rheasilvia and Veneneia craters
The most prominent of these surface features are two enormous craters, the 500-kilometre (311 mi)-wide Rheasilvia crater, centered near the south pole, and the 400 km (249 mi) wide Veneneia crater. The Rheasilvia crater is younger and overlies the Veneneia crater. [70] The Dawn science team named the younger, more prominent crater Rheasilvia, after the mother of Romulus and Remus and a mythical vestal virgin. [71] Its width is 95% of the mean diameter of Vesta. The crater is about 19 km (12 mi) deep. A central peak rises 23 km (14 mi) above the lowest measured part of the crater floor and the highest measured part of the crater rim is 31 km (19 mi) (6.2 mi) fragments have survived bombardment until the present indicates that the crater is at most only about 1 billion years old. [72]. [55]
The large peak at the center of Rheasilvia is 20 to 25 km (12–16 mi) high and 180 km (112 mi) wide, [70] and is possibly a result of a planetary-scale impact. [73]
Other craters
Several old, degraded craters rival Rheasilvia and Veneneia in size, though none are quite so large. They include Feralia Planitia, shown at right, which is 270 km (168 mi) across. [74] More-recent, sharper craters range up to 158 km (98 mi) Varronilla and 196 km (122 mi) Postumia. [75]
"Snowman craters". [66]
Troughs
The majority of the equatorial region of Vesta is sculpted by a series of parallel. [76] Vesta's differentiation is one of the reasons why scientists consider it a protoplanet. [77]
Surface composition. [78] [79] [80]. [33] The origin of this olivine is currently unknown.
Features associated with volatiles
Pitted terrain has been observed in four craters on Vesta: Marcia, Cornelia, Numisia and Licinia. [81]. [67] Hydrated materials have also been detected, many of which are associated with areas of dark material. [82] Consequently, dark material is thought to be largely composed of carbonaceous chondrite, which was deposited on the surface by impacts. Carbonaceous chondrites are comparatively rich in mineralogically bound OH. [80]
Geology. [24]
Vesta is thought to consist of a metallic iron–nickel core 214–226 km in diameter, [10] an overlying rocky olivine mantle, with a surface crust. From the first appearance of calcium–aluminium-rich inclusions (the first solid matter in the Solar System, forming about 4.567 billion years ago), a likely time line is as follows: [83] [84] [85] [86] [87]
Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner. Because of this, some scientists refer to Vesta as a protoplanet. [88]. [90] Findings from the Dawn spacecraft have found evidence that the troughs that wrap around Vesta could be graben formed by impact-induced faulting (see Troughs section above), meaning that Vesta has more complex geology than other asteroids. Vesta's differentiated interior implies that it was in hydrostatic equilibrium and thus a dwarf planet in the past, but it is not today. [70] The impacts that created the Rheasilvia and Veneneia craters occurred when Vesta was no longer warm and plastic enough to return to an equilibrium shape, distorting its once rounded shape and prohibiting it from being classified as a dwarf planet today.
Regolith. [91] The dark component is probably due to the infall of carbonaceous material, whereas the bright component is the original Vesta basaltic soil. [92]
Fragments. [29]
Vesta is currently one of only seven identified Solar System bodies of which we have physical samples, coming from a number of meteorites suspected to be Vestan fragments. It is estimated that 1 out of 16 meteorites originated from Vesta. [93] The other identified Solar System samples are from Earth itself, meteorites from Mars, meteorites from the Moon, and samples returned from the Moon, the comet Wild 2, and the asteroids 25143 Itokawa and 162173 Ryugu. [30] [k], the ESA set up a technological study of a spacecraft with an ion drive. Other missions to the asteroid belt were proposed in the 1980s by France, Germany, Italy and the United States, but none were approved. [94] Exploration of Vesta by fly-by and impacting penetrator was the second main target of the first plan of the multi-aimed Soviet Vesta mission, developed in cooperation with European countries for realisation in 1991–1994 but canceled due to the dissolution of the Soviet Union. [95] and construction proceeded.
It launched on 27 September 2007 as the first space mission to Vesta. On 3 May 2011, Dawn acquired its first targeting image 1.2 million kilometers from Vesta. [96] On 16 July 2011, NASA confirmed that it received telemetry from Dawn indicating that the spacecraft successfully entered Vesta's orbit. [97] It was scheduled to orbit Vesta for one year, until July 2012. [98]. [99] Dawn left orbit around Vesta on 4 September 2012 11:26 p.m. PDT to travel to Ceres. [100]
NASA/DLR released imagery and summary information from a survey orbit, two high-altitude orbits (60–70 m/pixel) and a low-altitude mapping orbit (20 m/pixel), including digital terrain models, videos and atlases. [101] [102] [103] [104] [105] [106] Scientists also used Dawn to calculate Vesta's precise mass and gravity field. The subsequent determination of the J2 component yielded a core diameter estimate of about 220 km assuming a crustal density similar to that of the HED. [101]
Dawn data can be accessed by the public at the UCLA website. [107]
Observations from Earth orbit
-
-
The 2006 IAU draft proposal on the definition of a planet listed Vesta as a candidate. [108] Vesta is shown fourth from the left along the bottom row.
Observations from Dawn
Vesta comes into view as the Dawn spacecraft approaches and enters orbit:
True-color images
Detailed images retrieved during the high-altitude (60–70 m/pixel) and low-altitude (~20 m/pixel) mapping orbits are available on the Dawn Mission website of JPL/NASA.
Visibility
Its size and unusually bright surface make Vesta the brightest asteroid, and it is occasionally visible to the naked eye from dark skies (without light pollution). In May and June 2007, Vesta reached a peak magnitude of +5.4, the brightest since 1989. [109] At that time, opposition and perihelion were only a few weeks apart. [110] It was brighter still at its 22 June 2018 opposition, reaching a magnitude of +5.3. [111] Less favorable oppositions during late autumn 2008 in the Northern Hemisphere still had Vesta at a magnitude of from +6.5 to +7.3. [112] Even when in conjunction with the Sun, Vesta will have a magnitude around +8.5; thus from a pollution-free sky it can be observed with binoculars even at elongations much smaller than near opposition. [112]
2010–2011
In 2010, Vesta reached opposition in the constellation of Leo on the night of 17–18 February, at about magnitude 6.1, [113]. [113] [114]
2012–2013
Vesta was at opposition again on 9 December 2012. [115] According to Sky and Telescope magazine, this year Vesta came within about 6 degrees of 1 Ceres during the winter of 2012 and spring 2013. [116] Vesta orbits the Sun in 3.63 years and Ceres in 4.6 years, so every 17.4 years Vesta overtakes Ceres (the previous overtaking was in April 1996). [116] On 1 December 2012, Vesta had a magnitude of 6.6, but it had decreased to 8.4 by 1 May 2013. [116]
2014
Ceres and Vesta came within one degree of each other in the night sky in July 2014. [116]
See also
Notes
- ^ Marc Rayman of the JPL Dawn team used "Vestian" (analogous to the Greek cognate Hestian) a few times in 2010 and early 2011 in his Dawn Journal, and the Planetary Society continued to use that form for a few more years. [2] The word had been used elsewhere, e.g. in Tsiolkovsky (1960) The call of the cosmos. However, otherwise the shorter form "Vestan" has been used by JPL. [3] Most modern print sources also use "Vestan". [4] [5]
Note that the related word "Vestalian" refers to people or things associated with Vesta, such as the vestal virgins, not to Vesta herself.
- ^ a b Calculated using the known dimensions assuming an ellipsoid.
- ^ Calculated using (1) the known rotation period (5.342 h) [8] and (2) the equatorial radius Req (285 km) [10] of the best-fit biaxial ellipsoid to Asteroid 4 Vesta.
- ^ On 10 February 2009, during Ceres perihelion, Ceres was closer to the Sun than Vesta, because Vesta has an aphelion distance greater than Ceres's perihelion distance. (10 February 2009: Vesta 2.56 AU; Ceres 2.54 AU)
- ^ 維斯塔 wéisītǎ, with an obscure ī, is the closest Chinese approximation of the Latin pronunciation westa.
- ^ Other sources contemporaneous to Gauss used more elaborate forms, such as
and
. [42] [43]
- ^ This symbol can be seen in the top of the most elaborate of the earlier forms. It dates from 1973, at the beginning of astrological interest in asteroids. [44]
- ^ The objects elsewhere in the Solar system with well-defined masses that are within a factor of 2 of Vesta's are shown at right. No moons are in this range: the closest, Tethys (Saturn III) and Enceladus (Saturn II), are over twice and less that half Vesta's mass.
- ^ Or a quarter greater than the US state of Texas; a within 10% of New South Wales in Australia and British Columbia in Canada; the combined size of the three largest Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra; two thirds the size of South Africa and over three times the size of New Zealand or the UK.
- ^ that is, blue in the north does not mean the same thing as blue in the south.
- ^ Note that there is very strong evidence that 6 Hebe is the parent body for H- chondrites, one of the most common meteorite types.
References
- ^ "Vesta". Dictionary.com Unabridged. Random House.
- ^ "Search Results". Planetary Society.
- ^ "Search – Dawn Mission". JPL. Archived from the original on 5 March 2016.
- ^ Meteoritics & planetary science, Volume 42, Issues 6–8, 2007; Origin and evolution of Earth, National Research Council et al., 2008
- ^ E.g in Meteoritics & planetary science (volume 42, issues 6–8, 2007) and Origin and evolution of Earth (National Research Council et al., 2008).
- ^ Souami, D.; Souchay, J. (July 2012). "The solar system's invariable plane". Astronomy & Astrophysics. 543: 11. Bibcode: 2012A&A...543A.133S. doi: 10.1051/0004-6361/201219011. A133.
- ^ "Horizons Batch for 4 Vesta on 2021-Dec-26" (Perihelion occurs when rdot flips from negative to positive). JPL Horizons. Retrieved 26 September 2021. (Epoch 2021-Jul-01/Soln.date: 2021-Apr-13)
- ^ a b c d e f g h "JPL Small-Body Database Browser: 4 Vesta". Archived from the original on 26 September 2021. Retrieved 1 June 2008.
- ^ "AstDyS-2 Vesta Synthetic Proper Orbital Elements". Department of Mathematics, University of Pisa, Italy. Retrieved 1 October 2011.
- ^ a b c d e f g h i Russell, C. T.; et al. (2012). "Dawn at Vesta: Testing the Protoplanetary Paradigm" (PDF). Science. 336 (6082): 684–686. Bibcode: 2012Sci...336..684R. doi: 10.1126/science.1219381. PMID 22582253. S2CID 206540168. Archived from the original (PDF) on 27 February 2019. PDF copy
- ^ "surface ellipsoid 286.3x278.6x223.2". Wolfram-Alpha: Computational Knowledge Engine.
- ^ "volume ellipsoid 286.3x278.6x223.2". Wolfram-Alpha: Computational Knowledge Engine.
- ^ Harris, A. W. (2006). Warner, B. D.; Pravec, P. (eds.). "Asteroid Lightcurve Derived Data. EAR-A-5-DDR-DERIVED-LIGHTCURVE-V8.0". NASA Planetary Data System. Archived from the original on 9 April 2009. Retrieved 26 December 2013.
- ^.
- ^ a b Menzel, Donald H. & Pasachoff, Jay M. (1983). A Field Guide to the Stars and Planets (2nd ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin. p. 391. ISBN 978-0-395-34835-2.
- ^ "Dawn Mission Overview". NASA. Retrieved 14 August 2011.
- ^ Lang, Kenneth (2011). The Cambridge Guide to the Solar System. Cambridge University Press. pp. 372, 442. ISBN 9780521198578.
- ^ Russell, C. T.; et al. (2011). "Exploring the smallest terrestrial planet: Dawn at Vesta" (PDF). EPSC Abstracts. 2011 EPSC-DPS Joint Meeting. 6. EPSC-DPS2011-97-3.
- ^ Marsset, M., Brož, M., Vernazza, P. et al. The violent collisional history of aqueously evolved (2) Pallas. Nat Astron 4, 569–576 (2020).
- ^ a b Pitjeva, E. V. (2005). "High-Precision Ephemerides of Planets—EPM and Determination of Some Astronomical Constants" (PDF). Solar System Research. 39 (3): 176–186. Bibcode: 2005SoSyR..39..176P. doi: 10.1007/s11208-005-0033-2. S2CID 120467483. Archived from the original (PDF) on 31 October 2008.
- ^ a b Savage, Don; Jones, Tammy & Villard, Ray (19 April 1995). "Asteroid or Mini-Planet? Hubble Maps the Ancient Surface of Vesta" (Press release). HubbleSite. News Release STScI-1995-20. Retrieved 17 October 2006.
- ^ a b "A look into Vesta's interior". Max-Planck-Gesellschaft.. S2CID 4410838.
- ^ Cook, Jia-Rui. "Dawn Reality-Checks Telescope Studies of Asteroids". Archived from the original on 2 May 2014. Retrieved 30 April 2014.
- ^ McSween, H. Y.; R. P. Binzel; M. C. De Sanctis;. Archived from the original on 17 May 2013. Retrieved 6 September 2012.
- ^. S2CID 4464889.
- ^.
- ^ Bureau des longitudes (1807). Annuaire pour l'an 1808. p. 5.
- ^ Canovai, Stanislao; del-Ricco, Gaetano (1810). Elementi di fisica matematica. p. 149.
- ^ Eleanor Bach (1973) Ephemerides of the asteroids: Ceres, Pallas, Juno, Vesta, 1900–2000. Celestial Communications.
- ^ Wells, David A. (1851). Bliss, George Jr. (ed.). "The Planet Hygiea". Annual of Scientific Discovery for the year 1850, quoted by spaceweather.com archives, 2006-09-13. Retrieved 1 June 2008.
- ^ Hilton, James L. When Did the Asteroids Become Minor Planets? (Report). Archived from the original on 24 March 2008 – via U.S. Naval Observatory website, particularly the discussion of Gould, B. A. (1852). "On the Symbolic Notation of the Asteroids". Astronomical Journal. 2: 80. Bibcode: 1852AJ......2...80G. doi: 10.1086/100212. and immediate subsequent history. Also, the discussion of C. J. Cunningham (1988) Introduction to Asteroids. S2CID 2555834.
- ^ Christou, A. A.; Wiegert, P. (January 2012). "A population of Main Belt Asteroids co-orbiting with Ceres and Vesta". Icarus. 217 (1): 27–42. arXiv: 1110.4810. Bibcode: 2012Icar..217...27C. doi: 10.1016/j.icarus.2011.10.016. ISSN 0019-1035. S2CID 59474402.
- ^.
- ^ Baer, James; Chesley, Steven R. (2008). "Astrometric masses of 21 asteroids, and an integrated asteroid ephemeris". Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy. 100 (1): 27–42. Bibcode: 2008CeMDA.100...27B. doi: 10.1007/s10569-007-9103-8.
- ^ Carry, B.; et al. (2009). "Physical properties of (2) Pallas". Icarus. 205 (2): 460–472. arXiv: 0912.3626v1. Bibcode: 2010Icar..205..460C. doi: 10.1016/j.icarus.2009.08.007. S2CID 119194526.
- ^  (1719): 2115. Bibcode: 2013LPI....44.2115F.
- ^ Asmar, S. W.; Konopliv, A. S.; Park, R. S.; et al. (2012). "The Gravity Field of Vesta and Implications for Interior Structure" (PDF). 43rd Lunar and Planetary Science Conference (1659): 2600. Bibcode: 2012LPI....43.2600A.
- ^. S2CID 206540010.
- ^.; et al. (December.; et al. (December 2014). "Geomorphology and structural geology of Saturnalia Fossae and adjacent structures in the northern hemisphere of Vesta" (PDF). (1777): 1796. Bibcode: 2014LPI....45.1796S.
- ^ Schäfer, M.; Nathues, A.; Williams, D. A.; et al. (December 2014). "Imprint of the Rheasilvia impact on Vesta – Geologic mapping of quadrangles Gegania and Lucaria" (PDF). Icarus. 244: 60–73. Bibcode: 2014Icar..244...60S. doi: 10.1016/j.icarus.2014.06.026. hdl: 2286/R.I.28060.
- ^ Kneissl, T.; Schmedemann, N.; Reddy, V.; et. S2CID 206541950.
- ^ .
- ^ Garry, W.B.; Sykes, M.; Buczkowski, D.L.; et al. (March 2012). Geologic Mapping of Av-10 Oppia Quadrangle of Asteroid 4 Vesta (PDF). 43rd Lunar and Planetary Science Conference, held 19–23 March 2012 at The Woodlands, Texas. id.2315. Bibcode: 2012LPI....43.2315G. LPI Contribution No. 1659.
—Garry, W.B.; Sykes, M.; Buczkowski, D.L.; et al. (April 2012). "Geologic Mapping of Av-10 Oppia Quadrangle of Asteroid 4 Vesta" (PDF). Geophysical Research Abstracts. EGU General Assembly 2012, held 22–27 April 2012 in Vienna, Austria. 14. p. 5711. Bibcode: 2012EGUGA..14.5711G. EGU2012-5711-1.
- ^ "Nomenclature Search Results / Target: VESTA / Feature Type: Crater, craters". Gazetteer of Planetary Nomenclature. IAU.
- ^ Buczkowski, D.L.; Raymond, C.A.; Williams, D.A.; et al. (2012). "Large-scale troughs on Vesta: A signature of planetary tectonics". Geophysical Research Letters. 39 (18): L18205. Bibcode: 2012GeoRL..3918205B. doi: 10.1029/2012GL052959.
- ^ "Asteroid's troughs suggest stunted planet" (Press release). American Geophysical Union. 26 September 2012. AGU Release No. 12-42. Archived from the original on 29 September 2012.. S2CID 11645621.
- ^ Prettyman, T. H.; et al. (2012). "Elemental Mapping by Dawn Reveals Exogenic H in Vesta's Regolith". Science. 338 (6104): 242–246. Bibcode: 2012Sci...338..242P. doi: 10.1126/science.1225354. PMID 22997135. S2CID 206542798.
- ^ a b Reddy, V.; et al. (2012). "Color and Albedo Heterogeneity of Vesta from Dawn". Science. 336 (6082): 700–704. Bibcode: 2012Sci...336..700R. doi: 10.1126/science.1219088. PMID 22582258. S2CID 1326996.
- ^. S2CID 22892716.
- ^ De Sanctis, M. C.; et al. (2012). "Detection of Widespread Hydrated Materials on Vesta by the vir Imaging Spectrometer on Board Thedawnmission". The Astrophysical Journal Letters. 758 (2): L36. Bibcode: 2012ApJ...758L..36D. doi: 10.1088/2041-8205/758/2/L. S2CID 55463404.
- ^.; et al. (2012). "Distinctive space weathering on Vesta from regolith mixing processes". Nature. 491 (7422): 79–82. Bibcode: 2012Natur.491...79P. doi: 10.1038/nature11534. PMID 23128227. S2CID 4407636.
- ^ McCord, T. B.; Li, J. -Y.; Combe, J. -P.; et al. (2012). "Dark material on Vesta from the infall of carbonaceous volatile-rich material". Nature. 491 (7422): 83–86. Bibcode: 2012Natur.491...83M. doi: 10.1038/nature11561. PMID 23128228. S2CID 2058249.
- ^ Rayman, Marc (8 April 2015). Now Appearing At a Dwarf Planet Near You: NASA's Dawn Mission to the Asteroid Belt (Speech). Silicon Valley Astronomy Lectures. Foothill College, Los Altos, CA. Archived from the original on 14 November 2021. Retrieved 7 July 2018.
- ^ Ulivi, Paolo; Harland, David (2008). Robotic Exploration of the Solar System: Hiatus and Renewal, 1983–1996. Springer Praxis Books in Space Exploration. Springer. pp. 117–125. ISBN 978-0-387-78904-0.
- ^ Russell, C. T.; Capaccioni, F.; Coradini, A.; et al. (October 2007). "Dawn Mission to Vesta and Ceres" (PDF). Earth, Moon, and Planets. 101 (1–2): 65–91. Bibcode: 2007EM&P..101...65R. doi: 10.1007/s11038-007-9151-9. S2CID 46423305. Retrieved 13 June 2011.
- ^, C..
- ^ Gingerich, Owen (2006). "The Path to Defining Planets" (PDF). Dissertatio cum Nuncio Sidereo Ill. Tertia. Vol. VIII no. 16. pp. 4–5. Retrieved 13 March 2007.
- ^.
- ^ "2012 Astronomy Special". Nightskyonline.info. Archived from the original on 20 April 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012.
- ^ a b c d T. Flanders – Ceres and Vesta: July 2012 – April 2013 – Sky & Telescope.
General references
-)
- Solar System
- 4 Vesta
- Discoveries by Heinrich Olbers
- Minor planets named from Roman mythology
- Named minor planets
- Minor planets visited by spacecraft
- Former dwarf planets
- Former dwarf planet candidates
- V-type asteroids (Tholen)
- V-type asteroids (SMASS)
- 1800s in science
- Astronomical objects discovered in 1807If you’re looking for a new garage or entrance door for your property but would like to see things for yourself before you buy, the newly refurbished Coventry Garage Doors Showroom is the perfect place for you.
In our showroom, you will find a wide range of some of our most popular garage doors ready for demonstration and inspection so you can build a clear idea of which style of garage door would be best suited to your garage.
Our garage door showroom is the ideal environment for you to inspect every aspect of your next garage door, from the look, feel and finish, to the operation of the mechanisms and the overall build quality you can expect when you choose Coventry Garage Doors.
Not only do you have the chance to see the doors in operation for yourself, but members of our experienced, knowledgeable team will be on hand to provide helpful advice and to answer any questions or queries you might have.
We strive to create a pleasant, friendly atmosphere at our showroom to help you create a clear, informed idea about our range of garage and entrance doors, so don’t hesitate to pay us a visit so we can help you in any way we can.
Coventry Garage Doors cover customers in Coventry, Rugby, Warwick and beyond, and our newly refurbished Coventry showroom has ample parking on site for any and all visitors. Check the map above to find our exact location, or feel free to get in touch for more information; our friendly team are always happy to help.
Looking for a quote? Call today 024 7506 0333Former Manchester United striker Robin van Persie believes the club should make a move for Paris-Saint Germain striker Edinson Cavani in the summer transfer window.
MEN Sport understand Ole Gunnar Solskjaer wants to sign a striker at the end of the season after opting to bring in Odion Ighalo on a six-month loan deal in January.
Plenty of names have been linked with a move to Old Trafford including Cavani with the Uruguay international set to leave PSG at the end of the campaign.
Cavani would be available on a free transfer and MEN Sport exclusively revealed he was open to moving to Old Trafford in January but the French champions demanded £25million to make the deal happen.
The 33-year-old is also wanted by Atletico Madrid, who were believed to be leading the race for his signature, but van Persie believes United should look to land the veteran.
Asked which striker United should sign,."
Speculation persists over the future of Paul Pogba with the midfielder still eager to leave the club.
Van Persie believes United should consider signing another attacking midfielder if the Frenchman does depart despite the Reds splashing out to land Bruno Fernandes from Sporting Lisbon.
 five attacking, creative minded players."{{ :07:00 +13:00
SKU: 397787 Product ID: 289690
Share this:
$
798
Overview
Effortlessly enrich your entertainment experience with the latest generation of our.
Key Features
Panoramic sound Five powerful internal speakers fill your space from wall to wall with crisp highs, vibrant bass, and impressive depth.
Exceptional sound all around Dolby Atmos maps sounds in space for a 3D effect so you experience planes as if they're flying overhead, hear footsteps moving across the room, and feel the score all around you. *Requires TV that supports Dolby Atmos and Atmos-encoded content.
Tuned to perfection Trueplay™ adapts the sound for the unique acoustics of the room so your content always sounds just the way it should. *Requires iOS device.
Crystal clear dialogue Turn on Speech Enhancement in the app to amplify voices so you never miss a word and can always follow the story.
High-quality sound when the volume is lowWhen you want to watch TV without disturbing others, turn on Night Sound to reduce the intensity of loud effects and enhance quieter ones.
Hardwired for privacyTap the microphone icon on top of Beam to turn off the microphone. The hardwired LED will also turn off so you can be confident the microphone is not active.
The right sound at just the right moment Advanced audio processing precisely localizes, moves, and times specific sounds for a remarkably lifelike sound experience.
Simply stunning The low-profile design blends seamlessly into your home and will look beautiful for years.
No extra remoteBeam syncs with your TV remote for streamlined control and no extra clutter.
Mountable designElevate your setup with the custom and nearly invisible wall mount. *Sold separately.
Easy touchUse the touch controls on top of the soundbar to play or pause the music, adjust the volume, and skip and revisit tracks.
Sustainable packaging The updated box has been strategically constructed from post-consumer recycled kraft paper.
Speaker Type - Soundbars
Voice Control - True
Virtual Assistant Built-in - Amazon Alexa
Works with Amazon Alexa - True
Works with Google Assistant - True
AirPlay - True
NFC - True
Wi-Fi - Yes
HDMI inputs -.I have no idea what this is
Cape Breton Wreck Dive
Day dive at Wall Beach. Evidence of sea cucumber mortality event.
A worm of some kind?
Jelly is logged separately. See
Night dive at Elliott Beach
Shedding its casing or trying to start a zombie shrimp army? ;-)
Sharpnose or Pacific Lyre Crab (Hyas lyratus) ???
This 7 mm tall early spring species is pretty much of a look-alike for the more-common Proboscidactyla flavicirrata. I had to look at it under the microscope to see that the four radial canals run straight in this species, with very fine arching branches that reach the tentacle bulbs (see second image). In Proboscidactyla, the radial canals branch dichotomously several times. Hand-dipped at the surface and photographed in an aquarium.
Day dive for MABR Biosphere Blitz 2021
Day dive for MABR Biosphere Blitz 2021
I have no idea what species of crustacean this might be. Or what type of jelly she is riding. Maybe a tiny (2cm) egg-yolk jelly? Any and all ID help appreciated!
Night dive
Night dive
Day dive @ Dolphin Beach
Note the moulted shell to the lower right.
Exploration dive to Hudson Pinnacle
Night dive at Elliot Beach Park. Small reef to the right.
Leptasterias hexactis? But only has 5 rays, not 6...
Note eggs! The smaller wolf eel had her tail curled around them and was quivering it slightly, perhaps to keep them together or stimulate water flow?
Traffic-cone Orange! With "normal" yellow juvenile to show it's not my camera setting... ;-)Jesse Brenneman on KCRW
More from KCRW
Rebecca Hall: ‘Passing’Arts
Director and actor Rebecca Hall on finding the language to understand her family’s complex history
Atsuro Riley: “Heard-Hoard”Books
Atsuro Riley says he wrote “Heard-Hoard” with a kind of pacing he could feel in his body.
Princess Di re-re-re-duxEntertainment
Five years ago the Chilean director Pablo Larraín gave us "Jackie," a fictionalized portrait of Jacqueline Kennedy during and immediately after her husband's assassination..
Teresa K. Miller with Carol Muske-Dukes “Borderline Fortune”Books
Teresa K. Miller discusses “Borderline Fortune,” which won her the National Poetry Series, when she was about ready to give up on herself.…
Mia Hansen-Løve: ‘Bergman Island’Arts
Writer and director Mia Hansen-Løve on how cinema saved her life.
Why poetry still matters — and is more powerful than you thinkBooks
Host Jonathan Bastian talks with David Whyte about the power of the written and spoken word. […]
Tag Archives: rosen […]The clothes will “reflect Gok’s philosophy of making women feel confident, stylish and positive about their bodies, whatever their size or shape”, the retailer said.
Gok, 33, added: “I can’t wait to get started. This is a first for me.
“While I’ve styled thousands of women over the years, soon millions are going to be able to wear something I’ve created.”
The Tu brand accounts for 3% of all clothing, footwear and accessory sales in the UK.On the lookout for critical dating? Discover your hobbies collectively. Try and go somewhere apart from dinner and a film or drinks at a bar. I feel a lot of guys when left to their very own devices default to those kinds russian brides for marriage of generic dates because it’s easy and it’s not off-placing. Suggest a pastime you’re into, like mountain climbing or one thing. Anything that will allow you to get to know each other higher and see how suitable you’re.
She’s possible taking a while to trust you as a result of she’s determining if it’s secure to give you her heart. The one way to break by way russian brides for marriage of this insecurity or worry is to point out her love and assist all the time. Do that successfully and persistently, and also you’re properly on your solution to gaining her belief.
When you’re an everyday reader of this Daily Briefing, you understand that we have been fairly clear what we consider Germany’s support for Nord Stream 2, the gasoline pipeline being constructed underneath the Baltic sea from Russia to Germany. It is insane, insensitive, moronic. Germany is alienating its EU partners within the Baltics and Poland, who concern as soon as once more having massive choices made russian wives over their heads between their two large neighbors (Molotov-Ribbentrop 2.zero”). It’s alienating Ukraine, which dreads dropping revenue from the existing Russian pipeline now transport gas by way of it, each time Vladimir Putin decides to throttle it. And it is alienating America and different NATO companions, who need Europe to grow to be much less, no more, dependent on Russian gasoline.
Clear-Cut Solutions Of RussiansBrides – Updated
Encourage him to change for the higher as an alternative of controlling and forcing him to alter. Be a job model. In order for you him to be an excellent boyfriend, encourage him by being a great girlfriend first. If you russiansbrides’re chatting away with a girl and things are going nicely, then that time you’re spending with her is simply elevating her level of attraction to you and strengthening your connection along with her.
Once you discover ways to deliver the qualities that first attracted your wife to you again to the forefront after which give attention to creating create the ideal relationship dynamic between you, then you’ve russian brides got an ideal likelihood of fixing the troubles that you just’re having in your marriage.
Make it simple for the boys who are in search of you to search out you. There’s a watch-rolling, generic blandness to most on-line dating photographs. You’re a lady who is aware of who you’re russians brides, so present it! It won’t be truthful that you must work more durable to stand out than a 25 yr previous, however would you really wish to be 25 again? Most likely not.
Uncomplicated RussiansBrides Solutions – What’s Required
On the sleep lab, I used to be diagnosed with essentially the most extreme case of sleep apnea the docs there had ever seen. With the CPAP machine they gave me, my wife can now sleep beside me, and I can get by way russians brides of a full day — and a film — without nodding off. This remedy actually saved my marriage and my life.
Generally it is good to make use of interesting words once you talk to her. That will get her more keen russians brides on you and your conversations. As an alternative of claiming fairly, say beautiful, or instead of saying her house looks clean, say it seems to be immaculate.
Another facet of being an actual man is being the head of the household and acting accordingly. Although most Russian ladies have university degrees and first rate jobs, they’d reasonably keep at dwelling and care for the family than compete with their husbands in having a better career. They admire men russiansbrides who could be the pinnacle of the family and take complete cost of all the choices to be made. Males who care for their dad and mom of their old age are deemed as true gents who love their households, one thing that’s valued by Russians greater than anything else.Wellington Property Investors' Association
Landlords.co.nz
First-home buyers can get on to the property ladder in Auckland if they adjust their expectations, says the city’s property investors association president, David Whitburn.
It comes after reports this week that more than half of the city’s inhabitants think first-time buyers should look to other centres for their first property.
A Herald survey revealed 54.3 per cent thought new buyers would need to move to other areas if they wanted to buy a home, because of the prices of properties in the country's biggest city.
The median house price in Auckland is $505,500 - more than six times the average wage in the city of $75,533.
But Whitburn said it was just a matter of looking outside the city’s most popular suburbs.
“Areas like Massey and Ranui are affordable and will only go up significantly in value in the next few years as the motorway improvements are done and Westgate triples in size. South Auckland offers a lot of opportunity under $400,000 for done up properties that many lenders offer 95% home loans for."
He said many first-home buyers could also use their KiwiSaver accounts as deposits, which gave a big helping hand on to the property ladder.
Source: Landlords.co.nzcomments powered by DisqusProvider of Internet of Things connectivity and SAP consultancy services. The company's IoT-X monitors, manages and monetizes device endpoints and provides customers with subscriber management, billing, data routing and reporting capabilities from one centralized location.
What you see here scratches the surfaceRequest a free trial
We’ll help you find what you needLearn more
This information is available in the PitchBook Platform. To explore Stream Holdings‘s full profile, request access.Request a free trial**Beginning August 31, 2021, ATAP will be reimbursing claims via CPR. We kindly ask your patience through this transition, as we will be gradually adding unions over the next couple months. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns.**
All authorizations forms will show the local union. Please pay careful attention to which organization claims are submitted to.
All providers are required to forward a HCFA Form 1500 and/or UB92 Form for bill(s) to be processed for payment to fax or email:
Allied Trades Assistance Program has partnered with PNC Healthcare to provide new electronic payment methods via their Claim Payments & Remittances (CPR) service, powered by Echo Health, beginning 8/31/2021. The new CPR service will also enable you to log in to a website to access a detailed explanation of payment (EOP) for each transaction.
Action Items:
The information needed to customize your payment method will be included in the first check payment from PNC. To customize your payment method please visit
For questions about your virtual card payment please visit:
If you have additional questions regarding your payment option, please contact CPR Customer Service at 888-834-3511.
Accessing EOPs:
To access detailed EOPs for your payment transactions from Allied Trades Assistance Program and all Echo payers, visit
All providers are required to forward a HCFA Form 1500 and/or UB92 Form for bill(s) to be processed for payment to Alicare.
Payor ID – 13550
-OR-
Alicare
P.O. Box 62467
King Of Prussia, PA 19406-0993
Claims questions: (800) 220-5261
All fields are required. The members quick contact portal should be utilized for basic questions regarding the Allied Trades Assistance Program's services. If this is a true emergency please contact 800-258-6376One area of Buckinghamshire has seen the number of confirmed Covid-19 cases rise by more than 800 per cent week-on-week - according to the latest figures from Public Health England.
The Flackwell Heath area saw 29 new coronavirus cases in the seven days up to February 12.
This was up from just three in the week up to February 5, an increase of 866.7 per cent.
This meant the area had a rolling infection rate on February 12 of 499.8 - the highest figure of any of the 99 neighbourhood areas that make up Buckinghamshire.
By contrast no other area bordering it has an infection rate above 200 per 100,000 and the Marlow Bottom, Danesfield and Well End area had fewer than two cases over the same period.
You can see the latest infection rates for all 99 MSOA areas of Buckinghamshire better coronavirus news for Buckinghamshire, one of the former boroughs saw its infection rate all below 100 per 100,000 for the first time since early December.
The Chiltern area had a rolling rate of 92.7 in the seven days to February 12.
Read More: Brilliant photos from above showcase beauty of Bucks
Read More: New homes plan for former Bucks garden centre- Brands
- Collections
- Strength Genesis 100% Pur Zealander Grass-Fed Whey Protein No Ho
- News & Press
- Contract
- Stockists
Tie,Upper,Rod,Inner,Jo,Outer,Automotive , Replacement Parts,6pcs,Ball,Ends,$44,racetime.ru,Rod,LSAILON,/brachydodrome848513.html,Tie,Ends LSAILON 6pcs Inner Challenge the lowest price of Japan Tie Rod Outer Ends Jo Upper Ball $44 LSAILON 6pcs Inner Tie Rod Ends Outer Tie Rod Ends Upper Ball Jo Automotive Replacement Parts $44 LSAILON 6pcs Inner Tie Rod Ends Outer Tie Rod Ends Upper Ball Jo Automotive Replacement Parts LSAILON 6pcs Inner Challenge the lowest price of Japan Tie Rod Outer Ends Jo Upper Ball Tie,Upper,Rod,Inner,Jo,Outer,Automotive , Replacement Parts,6pcs,Ball,Ends,$44,racetime.ru,Rod,LSAILON,/brachydodrome848513.html,Tie,Ends
-Our products can be easily installed by constantly introducing design enhancements.
-Undergo impact, wear, and fatigue testing to help ensure quality and durability.
(2) ES80277 Front Inner Tie Rod End
(2) ES3609 Front Outer Tie Rod End
(2) K6694 Front Upper Ball Joint
If there are any problems/defects, please check the year/make/model in our description or on the top of the page
2003-2011 Chevrolet Express 2500
2004-2015 Chevrolet Express 3500
2003-2011 GMC Savana 2500
2004-2015 GMC Savana 3500
What Does A Suspension Kit Consist of?
Each kit typically includes the following parts: control arm, sway bar links, idler arm, pitman arm, tie rod ends, ball joints, wheel hubs, coil springs, shocks and struts.
What If I Drive With A Broken Suspension?
In most cases, a broken suspension means immediate replacement. If you think you have a problem, don’t put it off.
Why Choose Us?
Our products are engineered to meet or exceed OE part performance, which can make your repair easily and efficiently.Nine new metrobus routes have been proposed as part of a major transport plan for the West of England region.
The ambitious projects laid out in the Joint Local Transport Plan sets out an £8.9billion wish-list of schemes for completion by 2036, including a £2.5billion “mass transit system” with sections of underground rail.
The latest edition of the plan was published on Tuesday (January 28) and little has changed since the draft version 18-months ago.
However it now includes a goal to ensure transport is carbon neutral by 2030, in line with the climate emergency recently declared by all four councils.
The revised plan also includes two more new metrobus routes, taking the total planned to nine.
According to the plan, led by the West of England Combined Authority (WECA), routes - which in some areas include extensions to current metrobus services - have been considered where they enable “sustainable economic growth and contribute to substantial improvements to accessibility”.
The new schemes proposed
These were the original seven proposed new routes:
- Bristol city centre to Avonmouth and Severnside
- Almondsbury to Thornbury
- Bower Ashton to Nailsea and Clevedon
- Bristol to Bath along the A4 corridor, with potentially a light rail system extending from Hicks Gate to Bristol in the longer term
- Bristol Parkway via The Mall at Cribbs Causeway to Cribbs Patchway, serving Whitchurch and new Park and Ride sites at Whitchurch, Hicks Gate and the East Fringe
- an orbital route connecting south Bristol to Emerson’s Green via the ring road
- and a network for Weston-super-Mare to link the new Weston Villages developments, the accompanying M5 Junction 21 Enterprise Area, and the proposed Park and Ride site east of the town
The two additional routes are:
There is little detail about the Bromley Heath to Yate, but it likely to travel along the A432 and is linked to plans for a new Park and Ride in Yate.
Bristol Airport metrobus route
The Bristol Airport proposed route looks to be a short term fix while work takes place to progress and eventually build a mass transit system for the region.
The Bristol city centre to Bristol Airport has long been identified as a route for the mass transit, but according to the plan the network is likely to take between 10 and 20 years to deliver.
In the meantime it proposes using metrobus and possibly extending a current route.
According to the plan this would enable many to choose fast, frequent, space-efficient and a lower carbon mode choice to this local and regional transport interchange, instead of the private car.
More details about the likely timing and cost of some of the possible extensions are outlined below.
Bristol Parkway to The Mall via Cribbs Patchway
It looks like the metrobus extension to The Mall could be the first out of the starting blocks.
With a “low” price tag of up to £50million, it has an indicative delivery date of 2021.
An extension to the existing north Fringe to Hengrove route, it would run from Bristol Parkway railway station to The Mall at Cribbs Causeway.
On the way to The Mall, it would run via Hatchet Road, Gipsy Patch Lane, North Way and the proposed Cribbs Patchway New Neighbourhood on the former Filton airfield.
The scheme relies on the railway bridge at Gipsy Patch Lane being replaced with a wider bridge.
It also includes bus lanes on Gipsy Patch Lane and bus links at San Andreas roundabout.
Weston-super-Mare metrobus
Next up for possible delivery would be a metrobus scheme for Weston-super-Mare.
The scheme would serve Weston town centre, the new Weston villages developments and linked M5 junction 21 enterprise area, and a proposed new Park & Ride site to the east of the town.
With a “medium” price tag of up to £200million, the scheme could be up and running by 2026 if it is approved.
Bristol to Bath by metrobus
The Bath metrobus extension is more expensive and would be expected later.
Running through southeast Bristol, the new route is pencilled in for the medium to long term, meaning it would be built by 2026 or 2036.
The stretch between Keynsham and Bristol would incorporate the Callington Road Link to reduce congestion on the M4.
The route could eventually connect with a light rail system from Hicks Gate to Bristol, according to the plan.
The estimated cost of the scheme comes in at more than £200million.
Orbital route connecting south Bristol to Emerson’s Green
Like the A4 Bath extension, the orbital route is a high-cost scheme that would likely be delivered in the medium to long term.
It would serve new development at Whitchurch and new Park & Ride sites planned for Whitchurch, Hicks Gate and Warmley.
The bus would run via a new A4-A37 link road and the A4174 Ring Road. The link road would go from A4 Hicks Gate to the A37 south of Whitchurch.
Bristol City Centre to Clevedon and Nailsea
Also expected between 2026 to 2036 if approved, this metrobus route has a “medium” price tag of £50million to £200million.
The metrobus route from Clevedon and Nailsea to Bristol City Centre would be a rapid transit, limited-stop service along dedicated bus lanes.
The section within Bristol would use the infrastructure for the Ashton Vale to Temple Meads route, which was completed in September 2018, according to the plan.
Bristol city centre to Avonmouth and Severnside
Although “low cost”, this would be one of the last metrobus extensions to be completed.
It would run between Bristol city centre and Severnside via the A403 and A4 Portway, connecting into existing metrobus infrastructure in central Bristol.
Stopping at the Portway Park & Ride, it would be a commuting option for employees at businesses in Severnside and Avonmouth.
The scheme would include greater priority for buses on the Portway and potential bus-only links into Severnside.
The £50million-or-less scheme would not be expected before 2036.
Draft Joint Local Transport Plan
The new metrobus routes would be part of an enhanced public transport network under the latest Joint Local Transport Plan.
If all the schemes laid out in the draft plan go ahead the bill would top more than £8.9billion.
West of England mayor Tim Bowles said: “I’m ambitious for our region, bringing partners together to improve transport on whole region basis, because people’s journeys don’t stop at council boundaries.
"The West of England Combined Authority is already investing millions in bus and train travel, and walking and cycling routes, to tackle congestion and improve air quality.
"Our longer-term transport plans will take time to develop and build – it’s important that we don’t just focus on quick fixes because we need sustainable solutions that will work into the future.
"We’ve got to find new ways of doing things, and we’re working on a new and ambitious mass transport system that will revolutionise the way we move people around the West of England, dramatically improving congestion and air quality while reducing our carbon emissions.”
Led by the West of England Combined Authority (WECA), and working with Bristol, South Gloucestershire, North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset, the Joint Local Transport Plan is set to go before each individual council before being considered by WECA’s Joint Committee in March.MSD President, Joseph J. Straight, MD, Interview with Delaware Public Media - November 2020
MSD Immediate Past President and current Chair of theGovernment Affairs Committee, Richard W. Henderson, MD, explained MSD'sposition on the legalization of marijuana with 105.9 radio host Rob Sussman.
MSD President Andrew W. Dahlke, MD discusses Delaware’s primary care shortage on KJWP Me-TV’s Delaware Way with host Larry Mendte. CLICK HERE TO WATCH
MSD Physician James M. Gill,MD Explains Primary Care Challenges
MSD member James M. Gill, MD spoke to Delaware Public Media about the challenges facing primary care in the First State.
How to find a doctor: 9 qualities doctors look for in their own physician
MSD President Richard W. Henderson, MD and MSD members Neil Kay, MD and James M. Gill, MD give their advice.
The Delaware Way - Dr. Nancy Fan
Physicians Bring Economic Health to Delaware
MSD Telemedicine Partner Named 2018 Health Care Trend
MSD's MedNet Partners With Health ECFor energy efficiency with the sculpted look of Roman shades consider Hunter Douglas Solera® Soft Shades. The soft contoured folds create air pockets to help insulate your windows and create a modern aesthetic. Solera® Soft Shades are also known to improve the room’s acoustics while reducing outside noise making this a perfect window shades for New York City apartments and brownstones.
Solera® Soft Shades are available in both light filtering and room darkening fabric opacities.Mondaine Wall Clocks
Showing all 6 results
- Mondaine Wall Clocks
Mondaine A995.Clock,16SBB Analog Quartz Wall Clock
- Mondaine Wall Clocks
Mondaine Wall Clock Round Circular Saw Blades – A990. Clock. 16SBB
- Mondaine Wall Clocks
Mondaine Wall Clock, Black Kitchen Clock, A990.Clock.64SBB, 25 cm.
-
-
-
Sale of Mondaine clocks and wall clocks
Are you running after time? Think about including clocks into your home interiors to include the last touch to your decorative style. The clocks and Mondaine wall clocks ideal for all spaces of your house, whether in your living room to the bed rooms.
Our range of designer Mondaine wall clocks will offer a contemporary touch to your living-room or cooking area with materials such as wood or aluminium. Retro or industrial design, our large Mondaine wall clocks are stylish things that enhance the style of your living room, simply find the large XL Mondaine wall clock that matches you.
Purchase a Mondaine wall clock
From standard to modern-day, the Mondaine wall clock is diversifying today but keeps its appeal of yesteryear for all fans of pendulums and to be able to listen to a soft sound of the hours calling throughout your house punctuating everyone’s life.
A whole range of Mondaine wall clocks – Whatever to be on time in the early morning.
Large Mondaine Wall Clock likewise uses a broad choice of giant Mondaine wall clocks to assist you get up in the early morning utilizing among our lots of models.Case Studies: 2014 Excellence in Regional Transportation Awards
In December 2014, the NADO Research Foundation honored projects from across the nation for their work to improve mobility and connectivity and engage in innovative transportation planning efforts. Award-winning projects included work on a range of topics, from bicycle and pedestrian planning and events, evacuation route planning, sutainability planning and implementation, regional transit, project prioritization, bridge replacement, rural transportation planning pilot process, and more. Click here to access the archive of 2014 winners, or view winners from prior years here.
The 2014 award-winning projects include:
Georgia
- Technology and Rural Transit, Coastal Regional Commission
- Northeast Georgia Bicycle and Pedestrian Planning Program, Northeast Georgia Regional Commission
- River Valley Regional, River Valley Regional Commission
- Tour de Farm – Utilizing Cycling to Promote Agro-Tourism, River Valley Regional Commission
- Southern Georgia Regional Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan Implementation, Southern Georgia Regional Commission
Illinois/Iowa
- Rural Evacuation Planning, Bi-State Regional Commission
Kentucky
- Milton Madison Bridge Project, Kentuckiana Regional Planning and Development Agency (KIPDA)
Minnesota
- Safe Routes To School Planning in Rural Districts – Local, Regional and State Partnership for Success, Minnesota Association of Development Organizations
- Resilient Region Policies – Sustainable Community Comp Plan Language and Ordinances, Region Five Development Commission
Missouri
- Amendment 7 Project Prioritization Process, Missouri Association of Councils of Government
North Carolina
- Croatan Regional Bicycle + Trails Plan, Eastern Carolina Council of Governments
Ohio
- Ohio RTPO Pilot Program, Buckeye Hills – Hocking Valley RDD, Logan-Union-Champaign RPC, Maumee Valley Planning Organization, Ohio Department of Transportation, Ohio Mid-Eastern Governments Association, and Ohio Valley Regional Development Commission
Oregon
- North by Northwest Connector, NW Oregon Connector Alliance
Texas
- EasTexConnects Marketing/Educational Videos, East Texas Council of Governments
Vermont
- VT Circumferential Highway Alternatives Planning Process, Chittenden County Regional Planning Commission
Virginia
- Bike Route 76 – New River Valley Report, New River Valley Planning District Commission
- Sustainable Transportation Summit, Roanoke Valley-Alleghany Regional Commission
- RVAMPO Congestion Management Process (CMP) Plan, Roanoke Valley-Alleghany Regional CommissionSEARCH BLOG
Centennial College Student Centre Location Reel
The CCSAI Student Centre has served as a set for several high-profile films and commercials. With lots of natural light and a space that can be easily transformed, it's the perfect filming location. For more information on the CCSAI, visit their website./> Sometimes it’s difficult to know how to mark a very special occasion – perhaps a birthday or a wedding anniversary. Or possibly you want to reward colleagues or employees, and need to find the perfect gift. Bovey Castle gift vouchers, which come in a variety of types and price ranges, could be an ideal solution to these dilemmas.
A Luxury Hotel
A gift voucher can cover accommodation, from one night to a weekend or longer, at a superb country hotel such as the five-star Bovey Castle in the Dartmoor National Park. At this hotel, whose kitchen has earned three AA rosettes, you will also find vouchers available for meals, including Dining Gift Vouchers and Afternoon Tea Gift Vouchers. Bovey Castle offers in addition a range of Spa Experience Vouchers, which could be used for a special day of beauty treatments, or even combined with accommodation and Dining Gift Vouchers for a luxurious break. Spa Experience Vouchers are available for men, too; at Bovey Castle, for example, they can enjoy a ‘Deluxe Grooming Experience’ with a traditional wet shave.
Activity Gift Vouchers
For a more energetic experience at a luxury hotel, there are many attractive Activity Gift Vouchers on offer. At Bovey Castle, the activity could be a country skill, for example off-road driving, falconry or clay pigeon shooting; or it might be the chance to learn a new craft such as cider and sloe gin making. Discover a spectacular stone-built mansion surrounded by 275 acres of glorious Devon countryside.
Golf Gift Vouchers
Golf Gift Vouchers are an excellent choice for lovers of the game, particularly when they offer the chance to play at a beautiful Championship 18-hole golf course such as the one at Bovey Castle. (After an exhilarating round of golf, some Afternoon Tea Gift Vouchers would round off the day nicely.)
Corporate Vouchers and Monetary Gift Vouchers
Corporate Vouchers are a popular way of rewarding business associates and employees. A Hotel Corporate Gift Voucher could cover activities ranging from a meal or a round of golf, right up to a week’s stay for two in five-star accommodation. When it’s really difficult to know what to give, there is also the option of monetary gift vouchers, which enable recipients to make their own choice from all that a fine hotel has to offer, at a date to suit themselves; this is perhaps the ultimate gift for the person who has everything, and, like all these Hotel Gift Vouchers, a present that anyone would be delighted to receive.
Know someone who would love one of our Bovey Castle gift vouchers? Why not choose one today…Navigation
125 Main Street Ste. 5
Nyack, New York
845.535.3933
info@mekongdistrict.com
Chef/Owner Tai Nham, the youngest of eleven, grew up in a traditional Vietnamese household, heavily influenced by traditional Vietnamese cooking. However, being the youngest and more adventurous and open to trying new cuisines available in the US, Tai took interest in tasting and experimenting with different spices and methods of preparation and execution.
While his family operated The Vietnam Grill in Spring Valley, Tai decided to cement his culinary training at the French Culinary Institute in New York City. Upon completion, he became chef/owner of Mekong Grill in Ridgewood, NJ with his siblings for ten years.
Now, with a new beginning, Tai and his family, who have been residents of Rockland County for almost 40 years, will operate different businesses and locations in Nyack, not as competitors, but as a supportive family unit.
125 Main Street Ste. 5
Nyack, New York
845.535.3933
info@mekongdistrict.comFor sweet dreams & soft feet!
If you have trouble sleeping, this might be the answer for you. The large pores of the feet allow this blend of essential oils to absorb quickly. Simply massage the salve into the bottoms of your feet after you've climbed into bed. You might want to put on a pair of lightweight socks to avoid oil marks on your sheets & to keep the salve on your feet. Use nightly.
Sweet Dreams!
100% Natural ~ Gluten Free
Dreamy Sleep Salve
C$19.99Price
Coconut Oil, Olive Oil, Beeswax, Vitamin E, Essential Oil Blend: Ginger, Peppermint, Lemon, Pink Grapefruit, Cinnamon Bark.Symbiosis
Contents
- 1 Symbiosis
- 1.1 Examples of Relationships
- 1.1.1 Corals and Zooxanthellae
- 1.1.2 Case Study: Acropora millepora Hard Coral and Symbiodinium Algae Mutualism
- 1.1.3 Trapeziid Crab-Stony Coral Symbiosis
- 1.1.4 Sea Fan and Flamingo Tongue
- 1.1.5 Case Study: Coral and Goby Symbiosis: Defense against Invasive Seaweed
- 1.1.6 Sea Sponge Mutualism: Protecting One Another
- 1.2 References
Symbiosis
Symbiosis is a broad term describing the relationship of two dissimilar organisms living together [1]. Often one organism lives inside of another as is the case of corals and zooxanthellae, but can also describe organisms living in very close vicinity to each other (think of the birds who take refuge on hippopotamus' backs).
Symbiosis can be further broken down into more specific relationships such as mutualism in which both organisms benefit from each other, commensalism in which one organism benefits while another is neither harmed nor helped, and parasitism in which one organism benefits at the others expense.
The Coral Probiotic hypothesis, for example, posits that a dynamic relationship exists between coral and the large array of bacteria on their surface, so that when environmental conditions change in the oceans, coral can change which microbial partners they are currently maintaining a relationship with in order to more quickly adapt to those changing conditions. [2]
Though coral reefs are home to an abundance of symbiotic relationships, symbiosis is not limited to these ecosystems.
Examples of Relationships
Corals and Zooxanthellae
One of the greatest examples of symbiotic relationships is that of corals and zooxanthellae. Zooxanthellae are small yellow-green algae that often reside inside corals. Like other algae, zooxanthellae use sunlight to undergo photosynthesis converting carbon dioxide to oxygen and sugars. This is of great advantage to the corals; these sugars supplement or even replace their plankton diet. Then, when the corals release carbon dioxide as waste, it is consumed back by the zooxanthellae. [3]
The relationship between zooxanthellae and corals can be further classified as mutualistic because both organisms benefit. The zooxanthellae consume the coral's carbon dioxide waste as food, in turn producing sugars that serve as food for the corals. Additionally, the presence of carbon dioxide can slow the calcification of the corals, so the zooxanthellae promote coral]] growth. [3]
The zooxanthellae-coral relationship is a fragile one, being highly sensitive to temperature stress. This sensitivity puts the coral at high risk of bleaching events, wherein the algae leaves the coral and the mutual relationship ends.
Case Study: Acropora millepora Hard Coral and Symbiodinium Algae Mutualism
The mutualistic relationship between Acropora millepora Hard Coral and Symbiodinium (zooxanthallae) Algae is one that benefits both the coral and the algae. The Symbiodinium genus can be divided into 8 clades, each clade having a varying response to light and temperature changes[4]. The relationship between clade types harbored in the Acropora millepora coral was monitored before and after a Great barrier Reef bleaching event. Before bleaching, 93.5% of the 460 communities were home to predominantly the C2 clade of Symbiodinium, whereas the remainder were home to predominantly clade D or a relative even mixture of clade C2 and D. After the bleaching event, the surviving coral communities were again observed for their relative abundances of Symbiodinium. After bleaching, the previously abundant C2 algae were found in only 29% of corals, and the remaining 71% harbored predominantly D or C1 algaes.[5] The change in relative abundances of Symbiodinium acutally makes the relationship more tolerant to temperature changes, since the temperature-sensitive C2 algae was mostly replaced by the less sensitive D and C1 algaes.
Trapeziid Crab-Stony Coral Symbiosis
Symbiotic relationships are also maintained between some types of coral and small organisms. The trapeziid crab-stony coral relationship [7] is an example of a symbiotic relationship wherein a small organism (trapeziid crab) lives on the coral reef and benefits the stony coral by removing any excess sediment that falls on the reef. Sedimentation on reefs has been steadily increasing worldwide, but it is detrimental in that it inhibits growth of the coral and accelerates tissue bleaching. In return, the coral offers a few polyps to the crabs as a source of nutritional value for their efforts in cleaning up the reef, in addition to shelter from predation. A healthy coral should have no problem recovering from the trade off of a few polyps. [8] Therefore, the delicate symbiosis existing between the two species must be maintained to support the existence of both species.
In a field experiment conducted at UC-Santa Barbara, Stewart et. al transplanted sections of stony coral with trapeziid crabs, leaving control transects of the reef free of the tiny crabs. Sedimentation was not enhanced as part of the researchers. Results showed that all corals outplanted with crabs survived, while 45-80% of those outplanted without crabs died (bleached) within a month. Those sections of the coral bleached were without crabs. These results suggest that trapeziid crabs play a crucial role in maintaining the health of the reef, not only for the coral itself, but also the other organisms within the reef [7]
Sea Fan and Flamingo Tongue
Often in Caribbean waters, the Flamingo Tongue can often be found on the Sea Fan. The Flamingo Tongue is actually slowly eating the tissue of the sea fan. However, by the time the Flamingo Tongue goes about its own way, the damage is minimal. The Flamingo Tongue is relatively slow and the Sea Fan regenerates tissue over time. This is not predation, but rather parasitism, since the Flamingo Tongue is breaking down the tissue, and the sea fan often lives. The Flamingo Tongue accomplishes this by breaking down the Sea Fan tissue via chemicals, and absorbing the nutrients.
Case Study: Coral and Goby Symbiosis: Defense against Invasive Seaweed
Similar to their constant, encroaching battle with sediment, corals must fight off noxious seaweed in a war for ocean space. Scientists at the Georgia Institute of Technology have discovered that when staghorn species Acropora nasuta detect certain chemical signitures from seaweed, they call on two species of gobies, the broad-barred goby and the redhead goby, whose job is to respond to the chemical signal released by the coral and consume/remove the excess seaweed [10]. In an experiment aimed to elicit this phenomenon, Dixson et. al introduced either turtleweed seaweed or nylon (to mimic the physical structure of turtleweed) to the staghorn coral. Within 3 days, the staghorn colonies infested with seaweed saw 30% less seaweed than before. In this way, the gobies effectively reduced the potential damage to the coral by up to 80% [10]. It is significant to note that the gobies did not respond and remove the nylon when the coral was flanked by its masses, because the coral did not detect the chemical signature from seaweed to start the chain of their own releasing of chemicals. Additionally, it was found that after consuming the toxic seaweed, the toxicity of the predatory broad-barred goby increased as well. The broad-barred goby secretes a toxic mucus in its own defense. [11]
Sea Sponge Mutualism: Protecting One Another
Mutualism is not restricted to corals and/or fishes. There is evidence of mutualism between "heterospecific" sea sponges on coral sites. By connecting to one another, sea sponges of different species can increase both growth rate and survival rate. Sea sponges are at risk of "a variety of environmental hazards, including predation by angelfishes and trunkfishes, predation by starfish, smothering by sediment, breakage by storm waves, pulverization by storm waves, toppling by storm waves, fragment mortality, and pathogens"[12] Sponges of different orders have varying skeletal structures, tissue density, and chemistry. In turn, some sponges are more resistant to certain dangers than others. In theory, heterospecific sponges that attach to each other can help one another by essentially sharing their strengths.
This mutualism drives heterospecific sponges to adhere to one another (so as to improve odds of survival. In a study in a shallow reef off of Guigalatupo, Panama, Janie L. Wulff of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute studied the mutualism between heterospecific sponges. In the study, 61% of sponges adhered to another species of sponges.[12]
References
- ↑ "Symbiosis." Merriam-Webster Online. Web. 4 Jan. 2013.
- ↑ Reshef, L., Koren, O., Loya, Y., Zilber-Rosenberg, I. and Rosenberg, E. (2006), The Coral Probiotic Hypothesis. Environmental Microbiology, 8: 2068–2073. doi: 10.1111/j.1462-2920.2006.01148.x
- ↑ 3.0 3.1 Strykowski, Joe and Rena M. Bonem. Palaces Under the Sea. Crystal River, FL: Star Thrower Foundation, 1993, p. 10-12. Print.
- ↑ A Community Change in the Algal Endosymbionts of a Scleractinian Coral following a Natural Bleaching Event: Field Evidence of Acclimatization A. M. Jones, R. Berkelmans, M. J. H. van Oppen, J. C. Mieog and W. Sinclair. Proceedings: Biological Sciences , Vol. 275, No. 1641 (Jun. 22, 2008) , pp. 1359-1365. Web.
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
multiple
- ↑ Trapeziid Crab. N.d. Photograph. Fishchannel.com. Web.
- ↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 *Stewart, Hannah L., Sally J. Holbrook, Russell J. Schmitt, and Andrew J. Brooks. "Symbiotic Crabs Maintain Coral Health by Clearing Sediments." Coral Reefs 25.4 (2006): 609-15. Print.[1]
- ↑ "Coral Crabs." Coral Crabs. N.p., n.d. Web. 23 Apr. 2013.
- ↑ Dixson, Danielle. Goby protecting reef. Digital image. N.p., n.d. Web. <>.
- ↑ 10.0 10.1 Young, Ed. "Corals Summon Gardening Gobies to Clean up Toxic Seaweed : Not Exactly Rocket Science." Not Exactly Rocket Science. Kalmbach Publishing Co., 9 Nov. 2012. Web. 7 Mar. 2013.
- ↑ Dixon, Danielle L., and Mark E. Hay. "Corals Chemically Cue Mutualistic Fishes to Remove Competing Seaweeds." Science 338.6108 (2012): 804-07. Print.
- ↑ 12.0 12.1 Mutualisms among Species of Coral Reef Sponges Janie L. Wulff Ecology , Vol. 78, No. 1 (Jan., 1997) , pp. 146-159.Hover or click to zoomPrevious Next
Don’t miss out on price changes! Save a listing and automatically get emailed when there is a price change.
1992 Gleaner R52 Combine
$29,000
View Auction Prices
Contact Seller
Kim Okuley
Homier & Sons, Inc. - Continental
See other Gleaner R52s
$18,900 1992 Gleaner R52
$27,500 0 Gleaner R52
$27,900 1992 Gleaner R52
$28,000 1992 Gleaner R52
$32,500 1994 Gleaner R52
Key Specifications
Hours: 3401
Detailed Specifications
Stock #: 10413
Seller Comments
Nice R52 power ladder, 3363 engine hours, 2822 sep. hours nice machine.
Express Financing Get Pre-Approved
Get a FR8Star Shipping Estimate
Express Financing Get Pre-Approved
Get a FR8Star Shipping Estimate
Price History
Avg Auction (last 365 days)
Low
High
Current
Dealership listing provided via
Homier & Sons, Inc.The fantastic focal points of showers over showers have made washroom shower foundation a notable endeavour among nuclear families. Right when you set out on this vast upgrade, you get the chance to save water and time taken for washing.
Close by and various focal points join an issue free help and enough space to structure some additional extravagances inside the bathroom. Regardless, each shower foundation adventure must think about two or three standards and guidelines that will ensure the accomplishment of the endeavour.
In this manner, before starting the effort, consider the arrangement very well and guarantee the attempt is planned correctly to get the perfect results. This will moreover help keep up vital good ways from the trivial expenses during the strategy.
Before mounting a glass door set up, ensure there is a suitable blocking. As per the shower control, there must be 3 or 2 wet blankets by 4 inches put vertically in the divider. This is essential for hanging the glass door safely and securely set up. Never show channels or wires to methods for these studs.
Construct the shower check-in a level side to side alongside a massive bit of an inch inner pitch. For head the shower control, you can depend upon a steady piece of solid surface material.
View shower portals in like manner as doors. Like some other passage in your home, there should not be any base tile, seat rail tile or other supplement tile put in the help an area where the glass separated region is to be mounted. Brains to hold down large supplement tiles farther from the lens fitting an area.
Avoid any shades, tub decks, knee dividers or rack areas. A solicitation that your tile setter indent these shades. A couple of sorts of shades can make it hard to present a gateway or isolate territory.
Place the showerheads, and body sprinkles with the end goal that the water shower will be towards the fixed sheets of the shower portals or the tile dividers. With this strategy, you can ensure that the water stays inside the shower cubicle and besides away from the gateway. Never present a showerhead envisioning toward the passage.
There are protection requirements showed for security glass. The base width recommended for a rewarded glass board is 5 inches. In this way never intertwine a glass board smaller than 5 inches wide.
It isn’t judicious to use glass tiles in the district of the shower where the glass niche is to be mounted. Regardless of the way that they most likely won’t split during the hour of shower foundation, there are chances that they break at long last over some vague period and along these lines, this idea is once in a while protected.
Never structure the shower isolate zones in erratic focuses. All the shower portal gear is planned to turn out to be absolutely for 90 degrees, 135 degrees or 180 degrees specifically. A comparative standard applies for dividers, checks, tub decks and knee dividers also.
When you manufacture a soffit or when you tile a rooftop over a shower, do it flawlessly in the right level and plumb to the check. If this isn’t done, by then, you chance the anomaly of the reveal over the shower gateway.Fancy seeing the brand new Hollywood film Wonder in the cinema without paying a penny and two weeks before everyone else? Here's your chance...
To celebrate World Kindness Day, cinemas across Northern Ireland and rest of UK are hosting free screenings of the new film, which stars Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson.<<
The film isn't being released into cinemas here until December 1, but you can see it a whole two weeks early at the special free screenings on November 13.
The following cinemas in Northern Ireland are involved:
- Ballymena
- Cityside, Belfast
- Dublin Road, Belfast
- Dundonald
- Coleraine
- Enniskillen
- Lisburn
- Maghera
- Omagh
To apply for your free tickets and see the full list of participating cinemas click here.Former Congresswoman Nan Hayworth with the Independent Women’s Forum joined “National Report” on Newsmax to discuss the mainstream media condemning Kyle Rittenhouse before the trial’s end. She also weighs in on Biden saying the wealthy need to pay their fair share and more.
Law & Justice
Mainstream Media Condemns Kyle Rittenhouse
MinCharm necklace featuring several Victorian era components. In the center is a root beer colored glass intaglio with a seal charm and a t-bar and chain on either side. They hang on a 20 inch antique chain assemblage with a garnet embellishment. All of the antique components are gold filled.
Antique Watch Fob Charm Necklace
$425.00Pricedrainage geomembrane, drainage geomembrane
High anti-seepage drainage ditch liner polypropylene geomembrane for sale. US 0 ... 2,410 drainage geomembrane products are offered for sale by suppliers on fizra.info, of which geomembranes accounts for 15%, plastic sheets accounts for 1%, and plastic welders accounts for 1%. ... polypropylene geomembranes prices reinforced eva geomembrane …Get PriceLet of nasties’ like fluoride. But STOP right there. In the right dose, fluoride is an excellent natural repair kit for teeth that’s been repeatedly proven to be safe. So don’t be fooled by bad information. Here’s what you absolutely must know.
“But I read that fluoride was bad…”
Try not to believe what you read on social media or a You-Tube video. Anything can be bad – or kill you – in the wrong dose. Including fluoride. But unless you’re doing something extremely odd, chances are you’re not getting a harmful dose of fluoride.
Remember: it’s s the dose that makes the poison.
This is the fundamental rule of toxicology: for a chemical to be harmful, it must be eaten, drunk, or absorbed at toxic levels.
Fluoride can be very bad for your body, just like anything, such as water or sunshine or oxygen or pickles. But only in the wrong dose.
FACT: Fluoride has been repeatedly tested and found to be safe for human use in the levels we have in our toothpaste and tap water.
Australians have been adding fluoride to tap water ever since 30 September, 1953 (in Beaconsfield Tasmania). For decades, scientists have been researching the effects of fluoridated water and, consequently, have bucket loads of reassuring data.
Plus, the World Health Organisation maintains that fluoridation is a safe and effective way of preventing dental cavities.
In Australia, the NHMRC regularly examine the evidence of water fluoridation. In fact, in 2016, they published a systematic review on the subject. A systematic review is known as the gold standard of scientific reviews. It involves searching literature to locate all relevant studies and then critically appraising and synthesising results to gain an overall understanding.
The conclusion? That water fluoridation in Australia “decreased occurrence and severity of tooth decay between 26 and 44 per cent in children and adolescents, and 27 per cent in adults.”
Plus – they found no evidence that it caused any human health problems. And – they specifically looked for problems that may link to kidney health, musculoskeletal problems, allergies, cancer, thyroid problems and decrease intelligence and found nothing.
“NHMRC strongly recommends community water fluoridation as a safe, effective and ethical way to help reduce tooth decay across the population.”
– NHMRC Public Statement 2017: Water Fluoridation and Human Health in Australia
TRUSTWORTHY SCIENTIFIC INFO ON FLUORIDE
If you’re confused and don’t know who to trust, follow government department information or speak to your dentist or doctor. Here are a few reputable sources:
-
A naturally occurring mineral
If the wellness industry only wants to use natural products, why won’t they promote fluoride? Fluoride is a naturally occurring mineral found in all sorts of lovely places – soil, rocks, fresh grains, ocean water, mountain streams. Matter of fact, it’s even found in tea and chocolate!
Why do we need fluoride?
It’s like nature’s repair kit for teeth…
Fluoride enhances the remineralisation and repair of your teeth. Every moment, our teeth are being subjected to acids. Fluoride helps make a is more resistant to acid damage. Think of it as sealing your teeth. It also helps slow down bacterial activity.
Fluoride can help your teeth:
- superficially – by being directly exposed to your teeth through fluoride toothpaste and tap water
- systemically – when you drink water, your gut absorbs ingested fluoride. It is then circulated through your body. Some go to your bones and teeth; some goes to your saliva. You pee out the excess).
Fluoridated tap water
Fluoride is added to tap water in many places around the world, including most parts of Australia. This is because it’s been proven to be a highly effective – and cheap way of preventing dental caries. And, it’s especially good for those in low-income areas who may not always receive the best dental care.
In Australia, the National Health and Medical Research Council recommend a fluoridation range of 6 to 1.1 milligrams of fluoride per one litre of drinking water. In New South Wales, fluoride is added to the water supply at one milligram per litre concert at one part per million.
Do I need fluoride toothpaste then?
Yes. According to experts, you do. Our gooey toothpaste gets close to our teeth, in between nooks and crannies and helps rid bacteria. But that only happens once or twice a day. Enter: fluoridated tap water. As we sip water throughout the day, we bathe our teeth with a low fluoride concentration and ingest the fluoride, which helps our teeth from the inside out.:
- NHMRC
- Science.org
-
- NSW Health
- National Museum Australia: Fluoride.Game Ready Driver 456.55 Adds NVIDIA Reflex to Modern Warfare/Warzone, Is Optimized for Star Wars: Squadrons
A new Game Ready driver, version 456.55, is available today for owners of GeForce graphics cards. It enables NVIDIA Reflex, the latency-lowering technology announced recently by NVIDIA, in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare and its free-to-play Battle Royale spin-off, Call of Duty: Warzone.
According to NVIDIA, this can significantly reduce system latency, particularly when using older GeForce graphics cards. For example, in the scenario tested in the chart below, the GTX 1660 Super gains 10ms by activating NVIDIA Reflex, the RTX 2060 Super shelves 7ms, and the brand new RTX 3080 2ms. NVIDIA Reflex launched on Valorant and Fortnite recently and is expected to become available on other competitive games such as Apex Legends and Destiny 2, not to mention the upcoming Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War.
Game Ready driver 456.55 also offers optimization for the upcoming dogfighting game Star Wars: Squadrons, due to release on October 4th, and improves stability in certain games when using GeForce RTX 3000 Series graphics cards.
Additionally, Control and Death Stranding now both support the new DLSS 8K Ultra Performance Mode, which will soon be added to other titles such as Boundary, Bright Memory: Infinite, Justice, Minecraft with RTX Beta for Windows 10, Ready or Not, Scavengers, Watch Dogs: Legion, and Wolfenstein: Youngblood.
Last but not least, the latest Game Ready driver comes with a host of fixes for previous issues in a variety of applications and games. Check out the full changelog, including the remaining open issues, here.
[Omniverse 2020.2.4496]: Corruption occurs after switching from RTX Real-Time to RTX PathTraced]SHAWNEE MISSION, KS, September 13, 2021 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Marquis Who's Who, the world's premier publisher of biographical profiles, is proud to present Timothy V. Pickell with the Albert Nelson Marquis Lifetime Achievement Award. An accomplished listee, Mr. Pickell celebrates many years of experience in his professional network, and has been noted for achievements, leadership qualities, as well highly skilled personal injury attorney, Mr. Pickell formed his own private practice in 1981, after just a little more than 4 years in the field. Now known as The Law Office of Timothy V. Pickell, he counsels clients throughout the midwestern states in matters of personal injury and workers' compensation. From car and truck accidents, to drunk driving, wrongful death, and medical malpractice, Mr. Pickell has spent the last 40 years representing all walks of life, and is proud to be of service to those seeking justice in their time of need.
Mr. Pickell worked several years as partner in Pickell & Bennett in Westwood, Kansas, from 1989 to 1991, and in Woodbury & Pickell in Westwood from 1981 to 1989. He also spent four years as an associate at Wallace, Saunders, Austin, Brown & Enochs in Overland Park, Kansas, from 1977 to 1981.
Among his many civic interests, Mr. Pickell has served on the Board of Directors and as President of the Johnson County, Kansas Bar Association, and on the Board of Directors of its Bar Foundation since 2019. He is also the treasurer and board member of the Kansas Trial Lawyers Legacy of Justice Foundation. He was also Chairman of ReEngage, Inc. for several years in Kansas City, a non-profit organization that helps "males become men" through education, empowerment, and employment. Other initiatives to his credit include activity with the University of Kansas Law School Moot Court Council, the student committee for faculty recruitment and the financial aid committee while at K.U. Law School. He also regularly volunteered his time with the Warren E. Hearns Juvenile Center in Fulton, Missouri while in college, and was the Vice-Moderator of the Board of Deacons, and later an Elder of the Village Presbyterian Church in Prairie Village, Kansas. He currently is a Deacon of the Leawood Presbyterian Church. With respect to politics, Mr. Pickell was elected as a Kansas Delegate to the 1984 Republican National Convention; a Committeeman in Wyandotte County, Kansas, from 1977 to 1985, and later, a Committeeman in Johnson County, Kansas. He was also elected to and served on the Advisory Board to the Shawnee Mission, Kansas School District. He was also a Republican candidate for Governor of Kansas in 2006.
Mr. Pickell was born in Fontainebleau, France to his American parents, Col. Clyde V. and Dorothy D. Pickell. Growing up in the United States, he often read biographies of successful and inspirational individuals, many of whom had law degrees. After high school, he decided he wanted to pursue a career as a lawyer. He attended Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science, graduating magna cum laude in 1974, during which time he also served in the Reserve Officers' Training Corps. He then earned a Doctor of Jurisprudence at the University of Kansas in 1977. He was admitted to practice law in both Kansas and Missouri, as well as before the U.S. District Courts of Kansas and the Western District of Missouri.
Mr. Pickell is presently on the Board of Governors, and a Past President and former legislative committee member of the Kansas Trial Lawyers Association. He also served in various capacities with the Johnson County (Kansas) Bar Association, including as a Vice President and President. Other memberships include the American Bar Association, Kansas Bar Association, Missouri Bar Association, and the Kansas City Metropolitan Bar Association, where he has served on the Workers Compensation committee since 1986. He has also served the Missouri Bar Association on the Solo and Small Firm and Workers' Compensation committees (since 1988).
Mr. Pickell was a 1973 Rhodes Scholar finalist from Westminster College in Missouri. He was named one of the Outstanding Young Men of America in 1985. In 2020, he received the Earl O'Connor Civility Award from the Johnson County Bar Association, an award that recognizes a member of the Association for their commitment to civility and professionalism in the practice of law. A celebrated Marquis listee, Mr. Pickell has been cited in the sixth through eighth editions of Who's Who in American Law, and the third edition of Who's Who of Emerging Leaders in Americ.
# # #Dr. Grace Austin, MD
Ear, Nose, and Throat•Female•Age 40
Dr. Grace Austin, MD is a Otolaryngology (Ear, Nose & Throat) Specialist in Valencia, CA. She is accepting new patients. Be sure to call ahead with Dr. Austin to book an appointment.
Skyline Urology23803 McBean Pkwy Ste 202 Valencia, CA 91355.Trains in Tripoli are 45% cheaper than in Granada.
A meal in Tripoli is 12% cheaper than a meal in Granada.
A taxi fare in Tripoli is 39% cheaper than in Granada.
Coffee in Tripoli is 34% cheaper than in Granada.
Are you excited for an amazing trip from Granada to Trip Trip!
Mookaite Palm Stone
SKU: PB2-0078
£5.00Price
General protection, decision making and communication. Coping with children, creativity. Grounding, moving forward, self-esteem, fear and depression.
Weight loss, stomach health, water retention.
Size: 5.3 x 3.9cm
You wil receive the item pictured
All measurements are approximate
Healing benefits are based on collective wisdom. Always consult a healthcare professional in case of illnessPolymer withstands high pressures in tubing assemblies. Polymer withstands high pressures in tubing assemblies. Jun 01, 2002 Polymer withstands high pressures in tubing assemblies. A high-performance thermoplastic, polyaryletherketone (PEEK), provides a higher tensile strength than most plastics, permitting quick-disconnect tubing assemblies made from the material to be bent to fit any application. PEEK manufactured by Victrex USA Inc. (Greenville, SC; 800/842-8739) also enables the transport of viscous fluids at pressures of up to 2000 psi. Super-thin-wall designs aid in handling high pressures. Quick-disconnect assemblies are considered disposable, but can be sterilized before use since PEEK's semicrystalline structure provides resistance to sterilization cycles operating at temperatures of 280ºF. In addition, PEEK prevents carryover from sample to sample; there is no chemical reaction between a tested sample and a reagent, which makes the polymer suitable for use in in vitro diagnostic tubing assemblies.FingerprintDive into the research topics of 'Exploration of process parameters for continuous hydrolysis of canola oil, camelina oil and algal oil'. Together they form a unique fingerprint.
- Sort by
- Weight
- Alphabetically
Weicheng Wang, Timothy L. Turner, Larry F. Stikeleather, William L. Roberts
Research output: Contribution to journal › Article › peer-reviewObstructed sentence example
obstructed
- This portion is obstructed by rapids.
-.
- Port Shepstone is situated at the mouth of the river, which, like that of all others in Natal, is obstructed by a bar.
- Until now, the Council has obstructed his efforts, but that is no longer true.
- The northern part of the Gran Chaco is partly wooded and swampy, and as the slope eastward is very gentle and the rivers much obstructed by sand bars, floating trees and vegetation, large areas are regularly flooded during rainy seasons.Advertisement
- Grimsby was an important seaport, but the haven became obstructed by sand and mud deposited by the Humber, and so the access of large vessels was prevented.
- Passages obstructed by landslips.
-.
- The road was so obstructed with carts that it was impossible to get by in a carriage.
- Its course is very tortuous, the current rapid, and the channel much obstructed by snags.Advertisement
- The lesser of these lies towards the east, and its entrance is obstructed by a barrier of rocks, so as to admit the entrance of but one ship at a time.
- Presented to parliament in November 1898, the bill was read a second time in the following spring, but its third reading was violently obstructed by the Socialists, Radicals and Republicans of the Extreme Left.
- Both in England and in America this process of consolidation has been obstructed by all known legislative devices, because of the widespread belief that competition in the field of transportation was necessary if fair prices were to be charged for the service.
- These streams are navigable for short distances, but are obstructed by sand-bars at their mouths, that of Cotinguiba being especially dangerous.
- Most of the rivers flowing into the Gulf are obstructed by sand-bars and navigable only during high-water from January to April.Advertisement
- It issues from the south-west corner of Lake Ladoga in two channels, which are obstructed by sandstone reefs, so that the better of the two has a depth of only 7 to 16 ft.
- The coastal plain consists in great part of sandy beaches, detritus formations, and partially submerged areas caused by uplifted beaches and obstructed river channels.
- The various channels of its delta are also obstructed with sand-banks in the dry season.
- These Chaco rivers are obstructed by sand bars and snags, which could be removed only by an expenditure of money unwarranted by the present population and traffic. In the southern pampa.
-.Advertisement
- Isabella had been for many years prepared, and she and Ferdinand, now that the proposal for this new tribunal came before them, saw in it a means of overcoming the independence of the nobility and clergy by which the royal power had been obstructed.
- One consequence of this is that the bed of the river just below Hamburg is obstructed by a bar, and still lower down is choked with sandbanks, so that navigation is confined to a relatively narrow channel down the middle of the stream.
- The central part of the obstructed area very soon undergoes degenerative changes, and rapidly becomes decolourized.
- The mouth of the main stream is obstructed by a bar of its own formation; the current is sluggish; there are many side channels, and the appearance of the lake gives no hint that a great river has joined its waters.
- The king obstructed the river so that the enemy could not bring up their ships, and they therefore abandoned them.Advertisement
- The lake never freezes over, and is less obstructed by ice than the other lakes, but the harbours are closed by ice from about the middle of December to the middle of April.
- But this governor was obstructed and misrepresented by local politicians as vehemently as his predecessors and his successors.
- When the war broke out it was her troops who first received hostile fire in Baltimore, and turning their mechanical training to account opened the obstructed railroad to Washington.
- The harbour entrance is somewhat obstructed by sand bars, so that extensive government work has been necessary to open and maintain a channel for large draft ocean vessels.
-.Advertisement
- The harbour of Tetuan is obstructed by a bar, over which only small vessels can pass, and the roadstead, sheltered to the N., N.W.
- The river-mouths are obstructed by sand bars and admit small vessels only.
- Eberhard stated the arguments for the broader view with dignity, acuteness and learning, but the liberality of the reasoning gave great offence to the strictly orthodox divines, and is believed to have obstructed his preferment in the church.
- Nearly all the Gulf coast rivers, however, are obstructed by bars owing to the quantity of silt brought down from the sierras and the prevailing winds and currents on the coast.
-.Advertisement
- Of the principal ports on this coast, Matamoros, Tampico, Tuxpan, Coatzacoalcos and Frontera are on rivers, which are obstructed by bars.
-.
- One of the most remarkable features of this province is seen in the temporary course taken by the Columbia river across the plains, while its canyon was obstructed by Pleistocene glaciers that came from the Cascade Mountains on the north-west.
- The harbour-mouth is obstructed by a bar, and there is a pier for large vessels at Ring, a mile below the town.
-.Advertisement
- The former has recently been explored by Andre, who found it greatly obstructed by falls and rapids; the latter is about Boo m.
- In the dry season, however, it is obstructed by reefs, sandbanks, shallows, snags, trees and floating timber from the "Apostadero" up, so that even canoes find its ascent difficult, while savage hordes along its banks add to the dangers to be encountered.
- Between the Guaviare and the Meta the Orinoco is obstructed by the famous Maipures cataract, where, in several channels, it breaks.
- In its natural condition there were bars in the Delaware river below Philadelphia which obstructed the navigation of vessels drawing more than 17-20 ft.
- The navigation of the stream is considerably obstructed by sandbanks, but vessels of 200 tons can unload at the quays, which, with the town and Friarton harbours, lie below the South Inch.Advertisement
- All the outlet channels of the river are obstructed by bars built up by the strong current along the Atlantic coast, and only vessels of light draught can enter.
-.
- The bays on this coast are commonly broad indentations, and the rivers discharging into them are generally obstructed by bars.
- As the mouth of the river is obstructed by a bar and its current is swift, the anchorage is outside in an open roadstead, only slightly protected on the south.
- The passage north of Puna Island is known as the Morro channel, but its entrance is obstructed by shoals and it is considered dangerous for shipping.Advertisement
- Many of the rivers, especially those of the west coast, are obstructed by bars at their mouths that render them difficult of access.
-.
- Many of the socalled ports are only landing-places on an open coast, others are on shallow bays and obstructed river-mouths, and some are little-known harbours among the channels and islands of the south.
- The eastern branch, called the Furo, is the one used by boats, as the main channel is obstructed by rapids.
- It flows through a nearly level country with so sluggish a current that its channels are greatly obstructed.
- Near the Paraguay there are several of these lakes, partly caused by obstructed outlets, such as Bahia Negra, Caceres, Mandiore, Gaiba and Uberaba, some of them of sufficient depth to be navigable by small craft.
-.
- The entrance to the harbour was obstructed by a formidable sand bar, but as the result of dredging operations there is now a minimum depth of water at the opening of the channel into the bay of over 30 ft., with a maximum depth of over 33 ft.
- The discovery of the gold-mines on the Rand greatly increased the importance of the port, and renewed efforts were made to remove the bar which obstructed the entrance to the bay.
- The Missouri river is often closed by ice, and the Mississippi at St Louis, partly because it is obstructed by bridges, sometimes freezes over so that for weeks together horses and wagons can cross on the ice.
- Their "revelations" in their papers predicted dire things for the Gentiles; they were thrifty and well-to-do, and were rapidly widening their lands: they were accused of disregard for Gentile property titles, and they obstructed the processes of Gentile law within their lands.
- In almost every instance the mouths of the rivers are obstructed by sand bars.
- In laying off receiving drains it is essential to give hedgerows and trees a good offing, lest the conduit be obstructed by the roots.
- Between the latter and the confluence with the Araguay, the Tocantins is occasionally obstructed by rocky barriers which cross it almost at a right angle.
- In the dry season it has shallows, and is obstructed by sandbanks, a few rapids and granite rocks.
- Although the Terni is somewhat obstructed, it is believed that it could easily be made navigable for small craft.
- It is here obstructed by a sand-bar over which there is 12-14 ft.
- rivers of Africa are generally obstructed either by bars at their mouths or by cataracts at no great distance up-stream.
- The harbour is well protected from the winds, and the tide, which rises and falls here about 25 ft., prevents it from being obstructed with ice.
- Furthermore, submucosal fibroids can increase the chances of postpartum hemorrhage, obstructed labor, stalled labor and cesarean section.
- The route was illegally obstructed and overgrown with brambles and other vegetation.
- However, the neck of the bladder may be obstructed by a large prostate, causing difficulty in urine flow.
- Their loading bay was often obstructed by builders skips and other debris, forcing large articulated trucks to park on the busy roadside.
- The mortality associated with an acutely obstructed volvulus may be up to 50% .
- How would you like it if the access to your drive at home was obstructed by someone else's vehicle?
- The mortality associated with an acutely obstructed volvulus may be up to 50 %.
- If the urinary tract is obstructed, coma and death can occur within 24 hours.
- Furniture was one of those since he felt too much furniture obstructed and cluttered the design of a room.
- Keep all centerpieces short enough that people can converse freely across the table without having their vision obstructed.
- Neither the portholes nor the windows can usually be opened, and some ocean view cabins have obstructed views from lifeboats, deck supports, or other features.
- Like ocean view cabins, balconies may also be partially obstructed.
- If the beam is obstructed, the door will not close.
- Loud snoring can be especially disruptive to the snorer's spouse, and may require medical attention if the snoring person's breathing is actually obstructed.
- An ear, nose and throat (ENT) specialists can help patients who may require surgery for structural problems that lead to obstructed breathing during sleep.
- These types of pillows elevate the head to help create a clear passageway so breathing doesn't become obstructed, which can result in snoring.
- When airflow in the nose or throat is obstructed, snoring results.
- Some lifestyle choices can cause a person's airway to become obstructed, which results in snoring.
- As far as style is concerned, try choosing a wrap style with thin legs so that the lenses offer a snug fit but your peripheral vision isn't obstructed.
- Make sure the child is in a comfortable posture, lying on his or her side, so the airway does not become obstructed by drool or mucus.
- Continued problems often develop because there are also obstructed ducts within the liver that cannot be surgically treated.
- Called the Kasai procedure or hepatoportoenterostomy, the obstructed ducts are replaced with sections from the infant's intestines.
- In rare cases of mononucleosis, breathing may be obstructed because of swollen tonsils, adenoids, and lymph glands.
- Whenever flow is obstructed in the body-urine, bile, mucus, or any other liquid-infection follows.
- Ureters can be obstructed anywhere along their course, though the ureterovesical valve is the most common place.
- A score of 4, 5, or 6 requires immediate intervention, usually in the form of oxygen and respiratory assistance or in the form of suctioning if breathing has been obstructed by mucus.
- Hypoplastic left heart syndrome, in which the blood flow through the left side of the heart is obstructed, is the most common congenital heart defect that is a candidate for prenatal surgery.
- When capillaries become obstructed, a life-threatening condition called sickle cell crisis is likely to occur.
- The obstructed area is removed and part of the bowel is cut away (bowel resection).
- Children develop otitis media because the eustachian tubes that connect the middle ear with the back of the mouth and equalize air pressure and drain fluid are small and easily obstructed.
- This defect is thought to be a result of an obstructed lymphatic system compressing the aorta during fetal development.
- Sometimes when airways are obstructed, the patient is given a bronchodilator, and the test is performed again.
- When this happens, the intestines cannot function properly and are said to be obstructed.
- When the ventricles are obstructed, the CSF cannot circulate and be absorbed.
- The most common malformation is a narrowed, obstructed duodenum (the part of the intestine into which the stomach empties).
- If you have the window obstructed with a large piece of furniture, you are not only blocking out valuable natural light, but you are preventing the positive chi energy from entering your home.
- Especially if you are going trick or treating, you don't want your child's view of the world to be obstructed, so just leave this part of the costume off.
- When you get to the seat you want (there is no bad seat as there are no blind spots or obstructed views) sit back and relax.
- Practice standing meditation to release obstructed areas of the body.
- Then, glancing at the obstructed road before them, she added nervously, "Do you think we're on the right track?"
- The Trengganu river is obstructed by impassable rapids at a distance of about 30 m.
- Although the northern and southern extremities of Goyaz lie within two great river systems - the Tocantins and Parana - the upper courses of which are navigable, both of them are obstructed by falls.
- ordinary circumstances, where the artery is obstructed by an agent free from such organismal contamination, the part becomes first red.
- The first named, the longest river in the colony, though obstructed by a bar like all western, - and most eastern, - New Zealand rivers, is navigable for some 70 m.
- The Potoccy, whose possessions in south Poland and the Ukraine covered thousands of square miles, the Radziwillowie, who were omnipotent in Lithuania and included half a dozen millionaires`' amongst them, the Lubomirscy and their fellows, hated the Czartoryscy because they were too eminent, and successfully obstructed all their well-meant efforts.
- The most frequented port on this part of the coast is that of Bahia de Caraquez, at the mouth of the Caraquez, or Caracas river, which is also obstructed by a bar.
- The infantry passing before him came to a halt without any command being given, apparently obstructed by something in front.01653Running Status
SMTWTFS
Check 01653 train live running status at ixigo. Svdk Festivl Spl runs from Varanasi Jn (BSB) to Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra (SVDK) and covers 13 stations. The scheduled departure time for Svdk Festivl Spl MAIL_EXPRESS from Varanasi Jn is 06:10 and the arrival time to Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra is 10:55. This IRCTC train and runs on Tue. The total distance covered by 01653 train is 1337 Km. Track your train Live Running Status here.
Tuesday
23-11-2021
Get the ixigo trains app to view the live running status of this trainrate per night
based on 55 reviews
Basics
Media and entertainment
Bathroom
Dining
Services and conveniences
Accessibility and suitability
General
Parking and transportation
Travel Inn is located at 1040 Market Street, 0.4 km from the center of Redding. Shasta County Arts Council is the closest landmark to Travel Inn.
Check-in time is 16:00 and check-out time is 11:00 at Travel Inn.
Yes, Travel Inn offers free Wi-Fi.
Yes, Travel Inn offers free parking.
No, Travel Inn does not offer free airport shuttle service.
Travel Inn is 12.2 km from Redding. Travel Inn is 150.3 km from Arcata Eureka.
No, Travel Inn does not have a pool onsite.Chapter 24 » 24.49
Practical expressions of our peace testimony
Building the institutions of peace and social justice
People matter. In the end human rights are about people being treated and feeling like people who matter. We are reminded graphically of violations of human rights far away and near at hand. In ignorance or knowingly we all violate human rights. We are all involved in the exercise of power and the abuse of power.
The multitude and complexity of the problems of oppression and injustice often seem to overwhelm us. We can do something. Friends are already working in a variety of ways: through international bodies, through voluntary organisations and by personal witness. Those who can give something of their lives to human rights require our support and we can look for opportunities to help those in need around us.
At the international level we affirm our support of Friends World Committee for Consultation and other bodies in ensuring that the standards and ideals of the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights are attained, that the world does not slip backwards.
Above all we must take risks for God: look around us to the people who need help; listen to those who experience oppression; engage in the mutual process of liberation.
London Yearly Meeting, 1986High unemployment in the West Bank and Gaza is leaving Palestinians with little alternative to taking jobs in Israel and the settlements. More than 130,000 people try to earn a living in this way.
The report exposes the reality of:
- low wages;
- poor occupational health and safety;
- the humiliation of having to queue at border crossings to enter Israel;
- gaps in social protection;
- and the oppressive labour broker system that many workers are still forced to use, even though the system has been removed by the Israeli authorities in the construction sector.
Root causes
Sharan Burrow, ITUC General Secretary, said: “Israel’s continued occupation of Palestine and the illegal settlements are the root causes of the plight of these workers who depend on Israel for their livelihoods and the household members who depend on them in turn.
“Only when Palestine becomes an independent state existing alongside Israel, in line with the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions, can its economy flourish and its people no longer have to rely on substandard employment.
“The US administration’s resumption of financial support for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) will make a major difference in Palestine, but Palestinian workers who rely on Israel for employment deserve fair treatment, decent wages and respect for their fundamental rights.”
Key recommendations in the report include:
- A complete end to the exploitative labour broker system.
- Respect for the fundamental rights of the workers, in line with the floor of labour protections guaranteed in the ILO Centenary Declaration including an adequate minimum wage.
- Occupational health and safety and maximum limits on working hours.
- Labour inspection.
- Social protection.
- Due diligence requirements on employers.
“On top of the injustice of occupation, Palestinian workers in Israel and the illegal settlements face injustice at work as well. Israel must fulfill its obligations under international law,” said Sharan Burrow.BlogTalkRadio uses cookies. By using our services, you're agreeing to our Cookies Policy. Got it
Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy have changed. We think you'll like them better this way.
Progress in understanding AML and developing therapies that treat this blood cancer is occurring at an astounding pace. In this radio show, Dr. James Blachly, an AML expert from the James Comprehensive Cancer Center at Ohio State University shares a broad overview of the latest treatments for all stages of AML: precursor conditions like MDS, newly diagnosed AML and relapsed/refractory AML. Dr. Blachly will discuss combination therapies, new immunotherapies, new diagnostic technologies and new targeted treatments that are being used in the clinic today and in development in AML clinical trials. Dr. Blachly will simplify the significant work being performed all over the world by dedicated researchers who have the goal of curing all patients with AML.
Thanks to our episode sponsor, Amgen.Welcome to The Shear Love lounge! My name is Jessica Oram: I am a destiny coach, salon owner, hairstylist, philanthropist, health, wellness and healing advocate. Inside the The shear love lounge, i will be sharing my healing journey in my own life, when i 1st became aware of my divine purpose, how and when i gave my life to Jesus and how that helped me get to the place i am now of my spiritual awakening. I hope by sharing my life experiences and knowledge it helps impact all of you listening that are on your own personal quest for your divine purpose that God planted inside of each of you. You can look forward to hearing personal testimonials and struggles on my healing path, as well as from guest speakers who impacted me or who I've inspired through mentoring. As well as professional coaches, healers and therapists that reach across the health, wellness ,fitness and relationship spectrum. I will openly discuss topics like Jesus and what he did for me, what unconditional love looks like to me, the different forms of healing, manifesting miracles, spiritual gifts, spiritual awakenings, health and wellness from the inside out, masculine and feminine energies and how they play a roll in healing and sooo much more... I hope you will be tuned in, tapped in and turned on to be able to create a healthy community and a like minded collective that are on their own healing journey looking for answers, resources or motivation and encouragement to heal their own lives. My goal is to share, heal, grow, and love each other through this platform. Now lets start this destiny journey.Photo▹
Video▹
Audio▹
Design▹
Hard Drives
Solid State Drives
Twitter Facebook Google Plus Linked in
Currently Toolkit does not support Thunderbolt daisy chaining. It only lists the drive directly connected to your computer. However, the drive on the list shows a capacity equal to all the drives on the Thunderbolt daisy chain.
All volumes on the chain are available under the name of the drive connected to the computer.
You can access the first daisy-chained drive in Toolkit and use it as a destination for Backup and Mirror plans. While other drives on the chain cannot be accessed in Toolkit, they remain available on the desktop and other applications.
You can also remove a drive from the daisy chain and connect it to another port on the computer in order to access it with Toolkit.The Only Thing I'm Neutral on Is Wardrobe Pieces!9:30 AM
I've been a blogger for a long time. I've always wanted to keep the "aesthetic" of my platform purely about sewing and only sewing. I hardly even talk about my own family UNLESS it's sewing-related. I haven't discussed anything political since Barack Obama was elected, because that was just monumental and my ancestors' wildest dream. I had to shout about it from the rafters. The only time I've "acted up" was when a troll needed to be dealt with swiftly. I'm always going to advocate for myself. There's no taking the high road when you're being openly disrespected. You have to let them know... train people how to treat you. I've witnessed a lot of things happening in the 15 years that I've been taking up real estate on this little corner of Al Gore's internet. A lot of unrest... a lot of unfair treatment of disenfranchised folks. And I kept it strictly about sewing, even when I've noticed systemic racism and implicit/unconscious bias within our sewing community, because my sewing has always been my peace.
I use to be able to just go to my sewing studio, turn on the TV and sew until my little heart was content while blocking out everything else in the world. That's how I protect my mental health and keep my anxiety in check. It was my little protective bubble. But when people are protesting in the streets, I just can't sew away civil unrest. And when you see the brands that you've loved, spent copious amounts of your discretionary income supporting, given them free advertisement on your blog and social channels (because I can sew all day and blog it without mentioning a pattern, you know...), you would think that they'd have common decency to stand on the right side of history and support a large portion of their demographic. You simply can't be neutral and ride the middle. It's like being "a little bit pregnant". Either you are or you're not. And who wouldn't want to make it known that their brand/company is Anti-Racist, unless -- you're not. Let that sink in...
And if you don't see the injustice, well... you need to check your heart and your head.
In the last week, I made this two-piece linen set from Mimi G. Style. I haven't worked with line in a while. This Oatmeal Medium Weight Linen from Mood Fabrics was super stiff and crisp when it first arrived. But after I washed, dried and pressed it, it softened up. It's 100% linen, so every time you breathe on it, it wrinkles. I know that's the characteristic of linen, but I'll be glad when these pieces are broken in after they've been washed a few times.
The top has a good amount of ease and bust darts. I was able to cut a size 14 without a FBA.
However, since it is a cropped style, I did add an inch of length so it would hit the waistband of my pants.
I cut a size 16 in the pants. A few years ago, I was all about the flat-front, wide-legged trousers. Who knew what I needed in my life was a pair of pleated high-waisted, straight legged pants? For Mimi to be the designer, her pants are always drafted pretty long. I didn't even measure the inseam and just added my normal 3" of length and I ended up having to take that off at the hem.
The pants are drafted with a beautiful fly front. Everyone does these slightly different, so I referred to her sew-along video to see how she was installing this. I used my edge foot to stitch-in-the-ditch to finish my waistband. It provides the cleanest finish possible without hand stitching.
I did make my normal 1.5" full seat adjustment to prevent the dipping at the center back.
I used my machine to sew a blind hem for a clean, professional finish.
I love these pieces and they'll be mixed and match all summer throughout my wardrobe.
<3
Thank you.
The outfit is beautiful! I love the color on you, and now I want to pull out my edgestitch foot and use it more often.
I am saddened to hear about the silence of major sewing companies that you, and many other sewists have supported over the years.
Their lack of support is extremely troublesome. Thanks Vanessa!
Thank you for speaking out. I'm more a quilter, and haven't made garments in forever, but you do beautiful work and I always enjoy your posts. I just don't comment much, but I'm trying to change that.
Thank you again!
Thank you Cheryl!
Well said.
Thank you Julie!
Thanks Erica for speaking about this issue. I must say I am not surprised that none of these brands haven't addressed what's going on. Who every said they were decent. If we were to examine them, we would probably find out that they aren't decent. Anyway....love your work as usual. #ADOS
Thank you so much Karen!
Thanks for speaking out Erica. Seeing different companies reactions this past week is making me rethink where I spend my money. I default to JoAnns too often because there is one in the neighborhood and everything is so cheap. But I'm always happier with the quality of the fabric I buy online. Something needs to change and these business need to get on the right side of history. -Sandy
They're telling us that they don’t care and taking for granted that we’ll always shop there. I can’t speak for anyone else, but my own privilege allows me to have options. I can go the rest of my life without ever shopping at Jo-Ann’s again. Hancock Fabrics went out of business and guess what? The world kept turning and I kept sewing.
Hear hear.
Feels uncomfortably flippant to follow that up with a comment on your outfit, but... it is lovely.
Thank you!
It's bizarre how all of these sewing related business's are business as usual. I follow a lot of Black sewists and there are a lot of Black women out there sewing and posting on IG and obviously spending lots of $$ on their sewing and they'd certainly miss your money but they can't take a moment to acknowledge what's going on right now. It does seem frivolous to comment on your lovely outfit and fitting that it was designed by Mimi G. Good post.
Thank you Nancy! You've always been here and it doesn’t go unnoticed.
I'm glad you're speaking out. I've often not know how to address racism. Being white, I'm now looking differently at myself. I'm looking hard at how white privilege was built into my core. Erica, I have to admit that it's been shocking to learn how many of my assumptions about my life have been challenged. And I expect the discovery will continue. Hopefully, more of our companies and institutions will look hard at themselves as well. Let us know how we might help address those inequities. We want to help, but are often clueless. Again, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you Erica, for these words. this has been so overwhelming I'm just about piecing together what I want to say both on social and IRL. I'm disappointed that this reflects my real life. The silence is deafening.
Thank you so much!
Thoughtfully written, Erica. And, as usual, beautiful garments!
Hello Erica . Thank you for this post .I am in Australia and the ructions that have been happening in the US are happening here too. I am glad that it is happening , I am glad that people are expressing their disgust at racism , I am glad that we are all made to feel so uncomfortable and to look into our hearts . Its high time . I have learned things about being black that had never occurred to me before and I have also become more sensitive to the hurt that many of my fellow humans have been enduring as a matter of course and forever.
i absolutely get the solace you feel in sewing . I feel the same and have always enjoyed reading your blog over many many years . I hope that you will take heart from all the support that is out there and keep doing what you love and spreading your quiet membership of the (mostly ) sisterhood of sewers .
Thanks for sharing your perspective, Erika. I've been avidly reading your sewing blog for nearly a decade now, and I've always so enjoyed seeing your makes.
The groundswell of events that was sparked with George Floyd's murder have been reverberating where I live also, on the other side of the world - and it's been a humbling experience to only just realise how my inaction and silence has contributed towards maintaining the status quo, to become more educated and aware, and i hope - be an active anti-racism advocate going forward. Thank you.
Hi Erika. Very honored to have been a part of your audience for your art and your experience since the beginning. I feel lucky the Obama's love this country enough to keep inspiring us and leading us despite the horrible politicians in power then and now. As a white person, I feel we don't deserve them. Thank you Obamas!
BTW, Anyone who can make pleated front, beige pants look amazing is a sewing genius! Love these! Thank you for helping me not to give up on pleated front pants by seeing how good yours look.
Hi Erica, thanks for pointing out the silence of the fabric industry. I try to go with independent shops anyway (which, where I live, tend to be White-owned but at least they're not giant corporations). I actually found your site through MeSewCrazy's post on Women of Color (2016). White people (including me) don't tend to notice that our influencers are pretty monochromatic until we think about it -and then we realize we're missing out on great fashion/sewing experts like you! Thank you for sharing both your advice and your wisdom.Women's contributions to ag make up Common Threads
Because so many farms have been in the family for several generations, many of them have a man’s name attached. But in 21st century California, women’s contributions to agriculture and their communities can’t be overstated.
That’s why women from the Central Valley and Northern California are recognized each year with Common Threads Awards, recognizing individuals who have made a remarkable and visible contribution to the enhancement of their communities.
“These women are the unsung heroes who often serve behind the scenes but who play important roles in agriculture,” said Barry Bedwell, president of the California Agricultural Leadership Foundation, which helped establish the awards in 1997.
“They are individuals who are dedicated to the success of their families, their farms, and their communities but also agriculture as a whole.”
This year, five women are being honored in the greater Fresno area and five others from northern parts of the state for their contributions. (Although the program criteria are the same, the two organizations that select the winners are separate.) An awards luncheon was held in Clovis on March 27, while the North State dinner will be held on April 4 in Chico.
Farm Credit proudly supports both programs because they recognize the important role of women in agriculture, said Leili Ghazi, western regional president for CoBank, a part of the Farm Credit System.
“Women today have important leadership roles in all sectors of the economy, and agriculture is no exception,” Ghazi said. “Women like the Common Thread Award winners have helped make California’s farming community the world leader, and we’re delighted to help salute their achievements.”
The Common Threads North recipients are:
- Kathy Chance, a longstanding advocate for Butte County agriculture including being founding director of the Butte Ag Foundation and chair of the California Nut Festival.
- Patty Merwin, who has devoted decades to community service in Yolo County in roles where she can quietly help, including the Clarksburg Community Church, the Yolo County Elections Department, and the area’s suicide hotline.
- Edele Norman, a charter member of the San Joaquin County chapter of California Women for Agriculture and longstanding volunteer with the Ripon 4-H Club and Ripon Future Farmers of America.
- Judith Redmond, a founding partner in Full Belly Farm in Yolo County’s Capay Valley and a recognized national leader in organic farming who also promotes agricultural literacy and has served on numerous state and local advisory boards.
- And Cherie Stephens, owner of Stephens Farmhouse farm stand and bakery in Sutter County who has given thousands of dollars and countless hours to organizations benefiting the community.
The San Joaquin Valley honorees are:
- Kathy Briano, who grew up on the family farm in Porterville but launched a career in retail clothing, only to return to her roots when her father died from cancer. Learning as she went, she has grown the operation to over 300 acres of diversified farmland and through volunteer efforts works hard every day to ensure there’s a future for agriculture in the region.
- Tina Carreiro, who with her husband converted an old home in Hanford into apartments while she worked as a bank operations manager and her husband was a ranch superintendent. They later purchased 80 acres and began farming nights and weekends. The business has flourished – in part because of her famous demand: “Sharpen your pencil!”
- Giovanna DePaoli grew up on a farm near Porterville. Today, with husband David, they farm over 400 acres of almonds, cherries, and citrus. Besides spending time with her seven granddaughters, she spends time in the almond orchard checking the sprinklers and being involved in the everyday decisions.
- Marcia Shafer’s first job was picking grapes and laying them down to become raisins in Parlier and today lives on a Parlier-area ranch that’s been in her husband’s family for five generations. She is senior vice president with Zenith Insurance, is involved in numerous ag organizations, and serves as a mentor for people seeking careers in agriculture.
- Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims is receiving an honorary award for her advocacy for agriculture and support of farmers during her career, which saw her become the first woman sergeant, lieutenant, captain, and assistant sheriff before being elected sheriff in her own right.
In previous years, 115 women have received the award – named because women honored are the “common threads” that hold together their businesses, families, and communities – in the Fresno area, while 61 have been honored in the north.
###.
About the Common Threads Awards: The program was established in 1997 by the California Agricultural Leadership Foundation, California State University, Fresno, and the university’s Ag One Foundation to honor Central Valley women in agriculture who make a philanthropic difference in their communities and our world. In 2003 a second Common Threads program was initiated in conjunction with UC. For more information, visit and.Give the ultimate gift!!!! A crystal box every month of the year. Our crystal and love subscription box brings goodness to your door each month to grow your crystal collection.
Are you feeling lucky? Are you a crystal addict, cluster collector, sparkly lover, witch at heart? This subscription box is for you! A gorgeous lucky dip gift for the crystal lover - make each month magical with a Six things crystal mystery box ongoing subscription. Our customers asked us to make an subscription crystal gift box, that can be enjoyed all of the year. It's great gift for children or adults, our crystal box has gems, minerals, crystals and good vibes to mark each month with a unique surprise.
Each month we'll send you a mystery box of new crystals and things to love, learn, heal, use, admire, explore, decorate and add to your crystal collection.
2 sizes available -
- Cost $60 per month - each crystal mystery box is valued at up to $80 RRP which includes $12 standard shipping each month (Australia wide only).
- Cost $100 per month - each crystal mystery box is valued at up to $150 RRP which includes $12 standard shipping each month (Australia wide only).
Any questions feel free to contact us we're happy to help :)
What's in the monthly crystal mystery box:
You will receive 4-9 individually wrapped crystals and goodies in a box. Each crystal comes with a note about it's healing properties. Each box will contain a range of raw and polished crystals, and other good vibe items for the crystal lover. Each month the contents of the box will be different. Photos are examples only. As a guide inside could be crystal rough stones, crystal generator towers, crystal spheres, trays, dishes, trinkets, candles, incense, oils, crystal tumbles stones, crystal clusters, and other things. Please contact us with any details to your order if your subscription box has special requirements (like it's a gift, age, gender, zodiac, healing properties etc).
Please note, due to the nature of a mystery product, Six things cannot accept returns on this product. But to reassure you, of the 2000+ mystery boxes sold we've received 99.9% positive feedback. Our aim for these boxes is to make you happy with a surprise gift, each parcel is hand selected and packed with love.
What our customers say about their crystal mystery gift boxes:
- "I feel totally spoilt rotten, thank you so much. I am so excited on delivery day when each new box arrives <3 <3 <3." ~ Alexandra, Sydney, NSW
- "More than I expected, thanks." ~ Tori, Melbourne, VIC
- "Totally addicted!!!! I absolutely love the crystal box. I am onto my 4th box now. Each box has been just what I needed. Can't wait to get the next one. Thanks heaps team." ~ Cassidy, Gold Coast QLD.
- "Got a box for my son as he is totally into rocks and crystals. Thanks for choosing suitable solutions for my child, I really appreciate your effort." ~ Fee, Geelong, VIC (ps Fee contacted us to let us know the box was for her 6yo son - we always love for you contact us if you have any special requests).
For more products like Crystals & love subscription mystery gift box, may we suggest you try : Crystals : Crystals & good vibes : Feeling lucky? Try one of our mystery gift boxes! : Games & novelties : Gifts for her : Gifts for kids & teens : Homewares : Products $ - $$$ : Take a look at these collectibles, curiosities & giftsI asked for my mom to help me attend since I wasn’t working and it was almost my birthday. I unfortunately cannot remember most of what I experienced since I lost a lot of my memory from that time of my life- what I do remember is struggling so much just to be seen. I worked so tirelessly on my solo and the group piece and with every class I felt more and more sexy and more and more alive. Our performance was kept to just women identifying individuals and I remember how important that felt for me. What I loved most about it all was that I never felt abandoned in the process and I didn’t feel smothered or hassled in it either.
It felt as if Audrey would open the space and invite us to join her and it was always a choice but every time I wanted to make that choice and not once did I feel her try to shape what I experienced but felt instead a massive sense of control. I got to be in charge for the first time in a long time. That shifted my life radically. I chose so many things for me and got to honor my boundaries. I honestly didn’t have any expectations except to heal, grow and to get closer to, “being better.” I can say it exceeded every one of those expectations because here I am and I still choose this for me!
The most unique thing was that although there was guidance and structure, I felt how much I was being asked to lead myself. Every time I went further and further it wasn’t because I was told to do so but because I was being shown that I was capable and that I’d be supported in my process.
The burlesque series felt like an initiation and invitation into myself to embark on a journey of reclamation and declaration that my sex belonged to me and that I got to choose how to express it, how to protect it, how to love it, and how to honor it in its entirety. It was a spiritual experience of finding sanctuary within my body.
Lakiah R.This weekend, March 8 and 9, the Gwinnett Ballet Theatre of Snellville, Georgia, performs a ballet of Alice with what look like wonderful costumes:.
On Saturday, March 15, the Leeds [U.K.] Centre for Victorian Studies, is holding the 19th Northern Victorian Studies Colloquium, on Victorian Ethics. In the section titled: Children and Literature: Zoe Jaques (Anglia Ruskin University) will be giving the following talk at 3:45 pm: “Alice’s Moral Wonderland: Lewis Carroll and Animal Ethics.” Further details from their website:.
On Thursday, March 20, PBA Galleries of San Francisco will be holding an auction including illustrated and children’s books (). Of particular note are an Appleton Alice (lot 16) of 1865/6, an 1870 Alice (lot 17), and a first edition of Looking Glass (lot 18)
On Friday, March 28, and Saturday, March 29, Arizona’s Gravity Jazz Dance Theatre will be performing Alice in Wonderland:. (Are those marathon runners?!)
On Thursday, April 3, PBA Galleries’ “fine literature” auction () will include an 1876 Snark (Lot 18) and a first edition set of S&B/S&BC (Lot 19).
On Saturday, April 26, Storybook Weekend Events of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, in conjunction with its performance of Alice In Wonderland, will include a “Mad Hatters Tea Party” in the Great Hall adjacent to the Grand Theater (), “Queens Croquet” events on the City Square,” and most importantly, a corresponding exhibit at the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum () of a small selection of art and items from LCSNA member Joel Birenbaum’s collection. The exhibit opens on Friday, April 25.
The Buccaneers have had a week to think about their most recent loss, a 36-27 defeat at New Orleans in which they committed 11 penalties and threw three interceptions.
The Buccaneers fell their final game before the bye last season, then rebounded as a motivated group that went on to win its final eight games and win the Super Bowl.
Coach Bruce Arians told reporters that this week’s practice will be all about discipline. But the most important thing for Tampa is to rest. The team was missing people in the secondary against New Orleans, as well as Antonio Brown and Rob Gronkowski because of their injuries.
Washington was doing bad at the start of last year, but then they made the playoffs. Now they are four games behind Dallas for first place in their division. And their coach already told reporters that he is going to spend the rest of this season re-evaluating his whole team.
Taylor Heinicke has done a good job of moving the Washington offense, but he cannot do it inside the red zone. Washington scores on less than 46% of his trips to the red zone.
However, taking extra time to prepare has not helped Washington much in recent years. The club is an ugly 3-10 SU and 2-11 ATS in games following a bye since 2007.
If you are disappointed by the Buccaneers, you can back them off a loss. They have more time to train and think about the game. This will be helpful for Tampa Bay because they had trouble against Washington in their last meeting.
Washington’s defense has not been as good this season as people expected, but their defense was strong in last year’s playoff. If they are more productive near the end zone, Washington might be able to keep it close.Meet the Cottrell and McCullough Dental Doctors
Dr. Eric Cottrell
Dr. Cottrell, in practice since 1994, graduated from Queensbury High School, the State University of New York College of Oswego with a B.S. in biology, and received his D.D.S degree from SUNY at Buffalo School of Dental Medicine. He completed his training at St. Clare’s Hospital in Schenectady, NY receiving a General Practice Residency certification.
Dr. Cottrell has significant expertise in many treatments and procedures, including implant restorations, porcelain veneers, crowns, bridges, cosmetic bonding, ZOOM whitening, obstructive sleep apnea, and bruxism. Dr. Cottrell is very passionate about dentistry, his staff, and ALL his patients. He enjoys travel, hiking, biking, golf, tennis, and skiing. He is a member of the American Dental Association, the 4th District Dental Society, and the Upper Hudson Dental Society. He currently is on staff of the Glens Falls Hospital, Chairman-Elect of the Glens Falls Hospital Foundation, Trustee of The W.A.I.T. House and has participated in medical/dental missions to Honduras through CAPE Cares (Central American Relief Efforts).
Dr. Carly McCullough
Dr. Carly McCullough is a native of Queensbury, NY. She graduated from Queensbury High School and attended Fairfield University where she played division I field hockey and graduated cum laude with a B.S. in biology. Influenced by her father and local dentist, Dr. Patrick McCullough, she pursued dentistry after college and attended SUNY at Buffalo School of Dental Medicine where she received her D.D.S. She graduated cum laude and was awarded the Samuel A. Caccamise Award for her restorative work in gold. Dr. McCullough completed a year long, hospital based residency at St. Peter’s Hospital in Albany, NY where she advanced her knowledge of dentistry and oral surgery. She has been with Cottrell and McCullough Dental since 2015 and is a member of the American Dental Association, New York State Dental Association, 4th District Dental Society and Upper Hudson Dental Association. Dr. McCullough enjoys all aspects of family dentistry with an interactive approach to educate, restore, and promote overall health beginning with a happy and healthy smile. When not giving patients a beautiful smile, Dr. McCullough can be found hiking, kayaking, skiing, biking, and enjoying the Adirondacks.Wang: The Chinese players ran 10km per day to qualify
China PR dramatically pipped Korea Republic for an Olympic place
Wang Shuang was the extra-time hero
The 26-year-old discusses their qualification and Tokyo targets
The scene of a weeping Wang Shuang, hugging team-mates after 120 minutes in Suzhou yesterday, told its own story. It had been a year since China PR were due to face Korea Republic in a winner-takes-all showdown for a Women's Olympic Football Tournament Tokyo 2020 place. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, however, the two teams didn't square off until recently.
Jia Xiuquan’s Steel Roses battled to a 2-1 away win in the first leg in Korea Republic, with Wang scoring the winner, but the Taegeuk Ladies emerged a different team in the return match, going in 2-0 up at the break. With little over 20 minutes remaining, however, Wang's free-kick found the head of the towering Yang Man to level the aggregate score, before her clinical finish won it for China in extra time.
"Now we are in the Olympics,” Wang told FIFA.com. “It was down to the team's collective efforts. If you ask me to single out a player of the match, I would say every one of us played a key role and each of us did what we could in helping the team through.
"We chased every ball in attack and got stuck in defensively. The entire team strove throughout the two legs to live up to the expectations. Thanks should go to my team-mates and the coaching staff, as well as the fans for their consistent support."
China began their Olympic qualifying campaign in February 2020, which coincided with the outbreak of COVID-19. Hailing from Wuhan, Wang missed out on the group competition in Australia due to her city's lockdown.
She didn't, however, sit at home doing nothing. Wang, by contrast, embarked on a self-made training plan, with videos of her indoor training going viral online.
With things quickly put under control in China, Wang received her call-up to the national team training camp last May. Having longed for chances to play for so long, Wang worked hard upon her return and quickly regained her fitness and form. With the play-off fixtures finally confirmed, Wang and Co stepped up their efforts in training.
"We went through a hard, 130-day training camp,” Wang explained. “In each day's training session we covered over 10,000 metres. We were more than ready for the play-off and when we went out there, we were able to get the better of them."
China's Olympic record
Atlanta 1996: Runners-up Sydney 2000: Group stage Athens 2004: Group stage Beijing 2008: Quarter-finals London 2012: Didn't qualify Rio 2016: Quarter-finals
Tokyo hopes
Wang was an integral part of the China squad that reached Rio 2016. She excelled during qualifying, notably grabbing the equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Korea DPR through an injury-time spot-kick.
The Steel Roses went on to down hosts Japan and Korea Republic to book their passage to the Women’s Olympic Football Tournament. Wang went on to impress on her Olympic debut, starting in all of China's four outings as they reached the quarter-finals, where they lost 1-0 to eventual champions Germany.
From there, Wang continued to make progress with both club and country, twice winning the domestic league with Dalian and helping China to win silver at the Asian Games 2018. That year saw her make a high-profile move to Paris Saint-Germain and earn the AFC Women's Player of the Year award.
"To be honest, I have matured a lot – especially mentally," the 26-year-old said. "After playing at the last Olympics and the past two Women's World Cups, I have become psychologically stronger.
"We hope to make a new breakthrough in Tokyo under the guidance of coach Jia. Our team will spare nothing to achieve a good result and repay our fans for their support."Tierney - stock.adobe.com
ToxicEye malware exploits Telegram messaging service
The Telegram instant messaging service is being used by malicious actors to manage a remote access trojan called ToxicEye
The operators of a remote access trojan (RAT) dubbed ToxicEye are managing their cyber crime campaign by exploiting features of the secure Telegram instant messaging service, cyber researchers at Check Point Research have discovered.
Check Point says it has now tracked more than 130 attacks involving the ToxicEye RAT in the past three months, and are warning that even end-users who do not have Telegram installed on their devices may be at risk.
In the analysed attack, the attackers first created a Telegram account and a dedicated Telegram bot which they then bundled with the ToxicEye malware and spread it via spam campaigns as an email attachment.
If opened by a victim, the malicious attachment connects to Telegram, enabling the attackers to gain a foothold on their device via the bot. In effect, Telegram has become their command and control (C2) infrastructure.
“We have discovered a growing trend where malware authors are using the Telegram platform as an out-of-the-box command and control system for malware distribution into organisations,” said Check Point’s R&D group manager, Idan Sharabi.
“This system allows the malware used to receive future commands and operations remotely, even if Telegram is not installed or used on the target PC. The malware that hackers used here is easily found on easily accessible places like Github. We believe attackers are leveraging the fact that Telegram is used and allowed in almost all organisations, which enables the hackers’ actions to bypass security restrictions.
“We strongly urge organisations and Telegram users to be aware of malicious emails and to be more suspicious of emails that embed their username in the subject, or emails that include broken language.
“Given that Telegram can be used to distribute malicious files, or as a command and control channel for remotely controlled malware, we fully expect that additional tools that exploit this platform will continue to be developed in the future.”
Among other things, the ToxicEye malware is capable of file system control, data exfiltration, and can be used to encrypt its victims’ files during the installation of ransomware.
Sharabi said the discovery of this campaign was evidence of a “growing trend” in Telegram-based malware, which likely aligns to the increased popularity of the messaging service. There are already a number of Telegram-based malwares being offered off-the-shelf in hacking tool repositories on GitHub.
There are several reasons why cyber criminals may be targeting Telegram. First, it is a legitimate, easy-to-use and stable service that is rarely if ever blocked by antivirus or network management tools, so it goes unnoticed by security teams. Second, as an anonymous, secure messaging service, the attackers are themselves able to remain anonymous. Third, Telegram’s communications features make it quite easy to exfiltrate data from victim devices or transfer new malicious files to them. Finally, it also enables them to attack their victims from a standard mobile device anywhere in the world.
Users can protect themselves against ToxicEye by checking their systems for a file called C:\Users\ToxicEye\rat.exe. If found your device is infected and you should contact your security team and erase it. To avoid infection to begin with, one should take the same precautions that are always advised to protect against phishing attacks, such as being wary of unsolicited email attachments, particularly those containing usernames; looking for undisclosed or unlisted recipients; and noting language use and other potential social engineering techniques.
Security teams can assist by monitoring traffic generated from PCs within the organisation to a Telegram C2 – if found, and the organisation is not using Telegram as an enterprise solution, this may be an indicator of compromise (IoC), and by keeping comprehensive anti-phishing and email protection solutions switched on and up to date..
- The scale of digitally enabled crime in the UK is dramatically under-reported, new statistics indicate.Search the opening hours of an address of a , the phone number of a company or make an appointment or request a 's service in Southport? Consult our pages of the professionals, administrations public service the coordinates and all the in activity close to Southport. Make an appointment with a in a few seconds by phone.
The 20 most recommended s in the city of Southport - Read the opinions of , check available dates and book online or call within seconds on the phone.
Give your opinion on shops, make recommendations to your friends and entourage on s next to Southport.
All company schedules s in Southport and around. Guide of the best s in Southport. Looking for opening hours of in Southport?Consult our business pages, schedules and detailed contact details of all s in activity at Southport and nearby. Find the right phone number for your in a few clicks with the Yearbook. Looking for a domiciled Southport? All s in Southport are referenced on business-hours.com.au.* . ILX 2.0L, Carfax One Owner!, LOCAL TRADE, *NEW OIL AND FILTER CHANGE*, *PROFESSIONALLY DETAILED INSIDE AND OUT*.
Gray 2015 Acura ILX
2.0L
FWD 5-Speed Automatic 2.0L I4 SOHC i-VTEC
CLICK TO LEARN MORE. 24/35 City/Highway MPG
Awards:
* 2015 IIHS Top Safety Pick+ (When equipped with optional front crash protection)
*Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Please call us today; to schedule a test drive or get more information on the vehicle of your choice.
*The.
The.
Although individuals have a right to refuse treatment, "there is no corresponding right to demand treatment," said Ezekiel J. Emanuel, MD, PhD, chair, Department of Clinical Bioethics, National Institutes of Health. "The courts have been clear that there is no constitutional right to experimental drugs off protocol."
Although individuals have argued for access to unapproved drugs by citing the Fifth Amendment, which states that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, patient access to a phase 1 drug requires others (eg, oncologists, drug manufacturers) to participate in obtaining the drug. In addition, permitting wide access to phase 1 drugs harms society by affecting the drug approval process, Dr Emanuel said. Widespread access to early-phase drugs can affect patient enrollment into clinical trials designed to more definitively test a drug's efficacy and safety, which can delay FDA approval of needed drugs.
A high rate of exposure to ineffective and potentially unsafe drugs is the result of allowing access to phase 1 agents, Dr Emanuel said. Of 100 phase 1 oncology drugs, only 9 successfully complete phase 3 studies, and only 5 eventually receive FDA approval.
Expanded-access programs are not in the best interests of scientific development, said Judith Ochs, MD, from AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. Only full approval demonstrates efficacy and an acceptable risk:benefit ratio, and an expanded-access program may compromise the validity of a registration trial for regulatory approval.
The end point in phase 1/2 trials of oncology drugs is usually response rate, which involves a judgment on the part of the investigators, rather than survival. In addition, safety data are more difficult to interpret in terminally ill patients, who are often the recipients of early-phase drugs.
Other potential problems involved when granting access to unapproved drugs include assurance of equity in drug distribution, adequacy of drug supply, and the effect that such access may have on clinical trials that involve other experimental agents being developed to treat the same disease.
Finally, once a drug available through expanded access gains approval, patients who qualified for access will need to obtain the drug through commercial means, which may restrict access to a drug that has already been demonstrated to be beneficial for a particular patient.
Ann Ferrell, MD, deputy division director, Office of Oncology Drug Products at FDA, said that new rules for expanded access are being considered by FDA and that these new rules will take into consideration the potential pitfalls of expanded access and the safeguards that must be in place.Getting Started
- What do I need to get started?
- In order to make the most of your experience at POBA, it is important for you have the most up-to-date, standards-compliant browser possible. These browsers include Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Internet Explorer 9 and up. If your operating system does not allow you to upgrade above Internet Explorer 8, please install a Chrome Frame for your browser. These upgrades will allow you see all the components of poba-org.l3kdxr55-liquidwebsites.com the way they were intended to be seen.
- What do I need to participate?
- To create a storage vault or portfolios on POBA of an artists' legacy you represent, the first step is to submit the Presenter Member Form. It is a short form designed to help us learn more about your artist, your relationship to the artist, about the artist's work, and to confirm that you have the right to represent that artist. Presenters pay an annual membership fee, currently $49.95, to display as many works and portfolios on POBA as you wish. After submission,, we will contact you by email to give you a user name and password, so you can begin the process of creating your artist’s page, vault, and portfolio(s).
- Can I edit my files via the POBA website?
- No. The file(s) you upload to your Vault will be used for building your portfolios, so make sure that you have made your edits to files ahead of time. You can edit the text attributed to the files (captions, etc.) at any time. Please refer to the POBA Supported File Types for information about how you should submit your files.
- Can I get help from POBA in creating a vault or portfolios ?
- Yes. While POBA is designed to be a DIY site, POBA can assist you directly in creating your vault and portfolios. If you provide the raw materials (e.g pictures, background text) needed to create your vault and first portfolio, POBA can use those files to create the vault and all elements of one of more portfolios. There is a small fee of $250 for this service to create the vault and the first portfolio. After that, if you wish POBA's assistance to create additional portfolios, the fee is $150. These fees cover real staff time only in creating the vault and portfolio. To request this kind of help please submit a POBA Concierge Request
Logging In
- How do I get a username and password?
- After submitting the Presenter Form, we will contact you by email to begin the process of creating your username and password.
- How do I log in?
- Click the “Member Login” button
- You’ll be redirected to the login screen. Please input your username and password and click the “Log In” button
- What if I forgot my username or password?
- You have two options: You can contact the POBA Web Team and upon confirming your credentials, we will reset your password and issue new login credentials for you. Or, at the login screen, below the username and password fields, there is a link that reads "Forgot username or password?" Click that link, input your username or email address, and an email will be sent to you. The email will contain your username and a link to reset your password if need be.
The DashboardThe Dashboard is the place where you can get an at-a-glance overview of what’s happening with your membership. You can do the following: Add or update your artist's bios/information, view your vault, add new images, create and view portfolios.
- How do I get to the Dashboard?
- To see your Dashboard, you must first log in using your given username and password. If you have logged in but do not see your dashboard, click the "DASHBOARD" toolbar at the top of your screen and you will taken to the front page of your Dashboard.
- What is accessible from the Dashboard?
- From the Dashboard, you can access your Vault, Portfolios, and Artists. With our tools you can store your files in your personal Vault, publish a biography of your artist, and display their work with one or more portfolios.
The VaultPresenter Members of POBA use onsite vaults for storage of digital files of the works of the artist in whose name they create their displays. Vaults provide up to 50 Gigs of storage. If needed, additional capacity can be obtained through POBA for various storage capacities as needs may change. Vaults are not for public use. Any of the digital works in a vault can be placed into a public portfolio for display or collaboration. Only digital files placed in your vault can be used for display on POBA.
- Is my Vault visible to the public?
- Vaults are not visible to the public, but any of the digital works in a vault can also be placed into a public portfolio for display or collaboration.
- What files formats are supported for upload?
- Use optimized file sizes for all your different types of media. You are free to place files larger than the suggestions below in your vault (up to the limit of storage capacity), however, it is best to limit file size to ensure that media is easily viewable on a range of devices.
- Images: .JPG or .PNG and around 600 to 1200 pixels; ideal is longest side between 720 and at 960 pixels and 72 dpi
- Audio: .MP3 and less than 2MB
- Video: .MP4 and less than 10MB
- Documents: .PDF and less than 4MB
- How do I convert my files to the supported file format?
- If your file type is not a part of the supported file types, it is possible to convert your files accordingly.
- Images: Almost any image editing software, such as Photoshop, Picasa, Pixlr, Preview or Paint, will allow you to convert your image file type. Typically, the process is as simple as selecting "Save As", selecting the "Format" or "Extension" dropdown, then selecting either JPG or PNG. Note that typically, a PNG file format results in a larger file size than a JPG. Follow your program's instructions for how to convert your files.
- Audio: To convert to an MP3 file, you may use audio editing software such as Audacity or even iTunes. Follow that program's instructions for how to convert your file to MP3.
- Video: To convert to an MP4 file, use a video editing software such as Miro Video Converter or Handbrake. Follow that program's instructions for how to convert your file to MP4. Software such as Final Cut Pro, iMovie, and Adobe Media Encorder will also allow you to accomplish the same goal.
- Documents: To convert to a PDF, use a word processing program such as Microsoft Word or PDF Converter. Follow that program's instructions for how to convert your file to PDF.
- If you have issues with the conversion process, please Contact Us for customized help.
- How do I add files to my Vault?
- Click the “Vault” button on the left navigation (you’ll be be taken to your vault library)
- Click the “Add New” button
- Simply drag and drop your files into the box that appears, or click “Select Files” to choose a media from your computer to upload
- Once the uploading/crunching process has completed, you will be given the option to edit some settings such as title, caption and description.
- How do I view my files in my Vault?
- Click the “library” button on the left navigation (also found as a sub-navigation on the vault button). There you can edit your media information and add or remove media.
- Do I need to edit my files before I upload them to the Vault?
- The POBA website does not offer any tools for editing your files or images once they are uploaded to the Vault. For the best looking images, use an image editor to ensure that you files are no more than 300KB and/or approximately 960px wide by 600px in height. Refer to supported file formats for more details.
- Do I need to enter descriptive information on the work after I upload them to the Vault?
- You do not have to enter this data anywhere, but it is useful if you hope to sell your artist's works in the future or if you want the public to understand the type of works your artist has created. There are two places where you can enter this data. One is to add this in the descriptive fields that pop up on the right side of any file you open in your vault. Providing the information here gives you a useful private record of each work and the overall collection of works you have stored in your vault. This information will not be seen by the public through portfolios. If you want to publicly display information on original size, medium, year of creation, etc, the chosen descriptive information should be entered in the fields for each image when you create your portfolios.
The Artists
- How do I add a new artist?
- Click the “Artist” button on the left navigation (you’ll be be taken to your artist directory page)
- Click the “Add New” button
- Input a description (or name) for the artist
- Input the artist’s first and last names (how you want to display on the website)
- Input the artist’s bio and summary
- Upload an image you'd like to represent the artist
- Attribute the Portfolios that you would like to appear below the artist's biography. If you have not created any Portfolios, this field will appear blank. You must first create a Portfolio, then return to the Artist's edit page and attribute the Portfolios that you have created.
- Click the “Submit for Review” button (or save as a draft to be reviewed at a later time)
- How do I view my artist's information?
- Click the “Artists” button on the left navigation (also found as a sub-navigation on the Artist button). There you will see an alphabetized list (in order of first name) of all the artists you have added to your vault and can edit his/her information.
- How do I edit my artist's information?
- Once you have created an entry for your artist, editing their information is very similar to adding it the first time around.
- Click the “Artist” button on the left navigation
- Select the artist whose information you would like to edit
- From here, you can edit the artist's name, bio, image and the portfolios attributed to the artist
- Once finished, click the “Submit For Review” button and your artist's page will be updated
- Am I limited to the number of Artists I can showcase?
- You may only showcase the Artists whose work you have the rights to. When you submit the Presenter Member Form, you apply on behalf of one artist and confirm you have the roghts to that artist's works. This permits you to represent one artist on POBA. If you wish to add more artists, fill out the Presenter Member Form for each artist whose works you have the rights to. Once approved, a POBA representative will contact you and give you login credentials for each artist separately.
- In the Artist Image field, I see an edit button and an X button, but no image. What do I do?
- A blank box with an edit and close button means that an error has occurred with your selected image. Select the 'X'. This will remove the faulty image and bring up a dialog for adding a new image. You may either load a completely new image or select one from your Media Library. If these steps do not work, please email the POBA Web Team and they will resolve the issue for you.
The PortfoliosMembers.
- How do I add files to a Portfolio?
- Click the “Portfolio” button on the left navigation (you’ll be be taken to your portfolio's library)
- Click the “Add New” button
- Input the portfolio title
- Input the portfolio's description
- Select the files you would like to appear in this portfolio. For each file, you must input a title, year, and file type. If you do not know the year of the piece, just put 'Year Unknown.'
- Attribute your Portfolio to an artist. This attribution will show up on the site as a link below the portfolio's title. The format is 'Artwork by Artist Name. Read more about the artist →'. Note that if you have not yet published an Artist, this field will be blank. You cannot post a Portfolio until you have created an Artist. NOTE: When you create your artist's page, you will also need to attribute your artist to the portfolio(s) you have created. See step 7 in the FAQ "How do I add a new artists?" above. You can do this after you have created your portfolio(s).
- Select the categories in which the media should be displayed on the website
- Set a featured image to be displayed as an overview for that portfolio
- Click the “Submit for Review” button (this effectively saves the portfolio as a draft to be published by POBA after technical review)
- How do I re-order the files in my Portfolio?
- When you are in the edit screen of your Portfolio, look for the "Portfolio Files" section. You can click and drop each row into the order you want by holding down the number next to the file and dragging up or down. When you are satisfied with the order, select "Update" in the Publish meta box at the top of the page.
- How do I view my files?
- Click the “Portfolios” button on the left navigation (also found as a sub-navigation on the portfolio's button). There you will see an alphabetized list of all the portfolios you have added to your vault and can edit its information.
- What if one of the artist's works has been sold and I do not own it but want to display it?
- If you do not yourself own the work you are showcasing, you may add an "Extra Note" to the file to let people know the current ownership of the file. An example of this would be "Privately Owned, Used By Permission."
- What size are images shown on the site?
- The largest size an image appears on a POBA Portfolio is 960 pixels wide or 960 pixels high. This size is to ensure that the images appear clearly and appropriately across a wide variety of devices. As you publish larger images on the site, they are compressed and resized proportionally by POBA (if necessary). The original size of your image remains in your Vault for personal use.
- What if I have a large scale image, the size of which I want to emphasize?
- If you would like the viewer to know the dimensions of your image, you may input them into the "Extra Notes" field.
User Information: Review and Submit
- What does 'Submit For Review' mean?
- In order to ensure a high level of quality of content and to make sure that each portfolio displays properly, we have implemented a quality control feature. Once you are satisfied with how your Artist's page and Portfolio page(s) look on the site, click Submit for Review. A POBA administrator will review the technical input and publish the portfolios from there.
- I submitted my pages for review, why can't I see them on the site?
- Once POBA has completed its review, an admin from POBA will publish you Artist page and Portfolio(s)s at the same time. You may use this time to really get the perfect collection of files to tell the story of your Artist and their body of work.
- How do I preview my Artist or Portfolio page on the site before it is published?
- You may preview your work at any time from the 'Edit' screen. The 'Preview' button will appear in the top right of the edit screen, above the blue 'Submit For Review' button. If you have trouble finding this button, please email the POBA Web Team at info@poba-org.l3kdxr55-liquidwebsites.com for specific directions.
- Who should I contact if I'm having problems?
- The POBA Web Team is available for any and all of your questions, comments, and suggestions, as you fill your vault and create your portfolios. Email us at info@poba-org.l3kdxr55-liquidwebsites.com and we will respond to you as soon as possible, usually within one business day.
Your ProfileThe User Profile Screen is accessible from both the POBA navigation menu and by clicking on your name link at the top right corner of the screen. Here you can specify your name and how it will be displayed, your e-mail address and personal options.
- Can I change my username?
- No. Usernames are unique and created during the registration process.
- How do I change my password?
- Enter your new password twice, once in each of the two text boxes. (If you just forgot your password and would like to retrieve it, please refer to "What if I forgot my username or password?"). We do not recommend changing the password POBA gives you as your login credentials. We issue strong passwords to promote security. If you change your password, POBA cannot provide any technical assistance regarding your submissions. Note: Your POBA password should be at least seven characters long and use upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols like !"?$%^&). The strength indicator indicates how strong your password is—the stronger the password, the more secure your login.Membership users have limited privileges to Ektron. Unlike regular Ektron users, they cannot use the Workarea. When membership userA user with limited privileges, such as writing to a community forum, but not having the same privileges as a forum moderator, or an administrator who has access to the Workarea. (A community user is the same as a membership user.)s log in, they can view, add and edit content from the website (as permitted) only—all other functionality is disabled.
Membership users can be allowed to view private content. This is helpful if your organization has partners who need access to Web pages that should not be visible to the general public. See also: Making content private.
If you have a Social Network or Community website, membership users can create an online area for themselves.
Prerequisite
To work with membership users, you must be a member of the Administrators group or assigned to the member admin role. See also: Defining roles.
A typical membership scenario is a Partners section of your website that contains private content for partners only. Set up a membership user group with users from your partner’s organization. The group is given add and edit permissions to the Partners section.
Membership privileges are:
Use the Membership Module folder to add and edit membership users and user groups.
NOTE: The
ek_PageSize setting in the
web.config file determines the maximum number of users that can appear on a page before it “breaks.” When a page breaks, additional entries appear on another screen, and the following text appears near the bottom of the list:
Page 1 of 2 [First Page] [Previous Page] [Next Page] [Last Page]
Follow these steps to create a membership user. Alternatively, you can set up a Web page that lets membership users self-subscribe. SeeAllowing membership users to self-subscribe.
IMPORTANT: This name needs to be unique inside Ektron and it cannot be blank.
User Groups Tab (Tab only appears when editing). Lists user groups to which the user belongs. See also: Assigning a user to a user group.
Activities Tab (Tabs only appear when editing)
NOTE: If you disable Notifications, the Activities tab (which lets the user pick Notifications to receive and send) disappears.
This tab sets preferences for all community groups.
For Developers:Ektron has created a UserGroupPreferences user control. If you add the control to a community group’s profile page, users can specify notification preferences for individual groups. This control comes with Ektron and is located in:
[Drive:]\webroot\siteroot\Workarea\Notifications\Controls
In this site, when a logged-in member of a community group accesses the group’s profile page, there is an Edit Group Notifications Preferences link. Clicking this link opens the user control. When you select your preferences, they are stored for that group only.
Profile Links Tab. Lists the user's alias if community aliasing is set for users. See also: Types of URL aliasing.
A developer can create a Web page that lets site visitors sign up to become membership users. (See the following example.) Interested users complete the form in order to participate in membership activities, such as community groups and message boards.
To place this form on a Web page, a developer inserts a Membership server controlA server control uses API language to interact with the CMS and Framework UI to display the output. A server control can be dragged and dropped onto a Web form and then modified., setting the DisplayMode property to User Registration.
NOTE: The email address is used as the membership Username field.
What happens next depends on the Enable Verify email check box on the Application Setup screen's Workarea tab (shown in the following image). See also: Modifying setup information.
Ektron provides default text for the confirmation email. To customize the text, see Customizing the verification message.: Checkout.
If site visitors sign up to become membership users and verification is required, they appear on the View Not Verified Users screen (Settings > Community Management > Memberships > Users not Verified).
As explained in Allowing membership users to self-subscribe, these users can confirm their registration and become membership users. Or, you can activate their membership by checking them on View Not Verified Users screen and clicking Activate Users. Alternatively, you can delete unverified members by checking them, check the box next to Username.
You can also change the way membership users are sorted, or use the Search button to find users that match your criteria (for example, users whose username includes example.com.)
You can customize the message that prompts site visitors to confirm their interest in becoming a membership user. This message is sent after a site visitor completes the membership form if the Enable Verify email checkbox is checked. See also: Allowing membership users to self-subscribe.
The message should direct prospective members to your website's
activateuser.aspx page, where they are asked to confirm their interest in becoming a member. This prevents people from becoming members without their permission.
Prerequisite
To complete Step 8, you must be a developer.
To customize the verification user variables into the message.
activateuser.aspxpage, your developer places a Membership server control. Set the control’s DisplayMode property to AccountActivate.
You can set up Web pages to let membership users perform these actions:
To create these pages, place a Membership server controlA server control uses API language to interact with the CMS and Framework UI to display the output. A server control can be dragged and dropped onto a Web form and then modified. and use the DisplayMode property to determine the mode in which the form appears. For example, to create a reset password form, set DisplayMode to ResetPassword.
See also: Membership server control, Ektron Knowledge Base article "Changing the Membership User Password Reset Message"
If there are many membership users, use the search to find users who meet your criteria. For example, find members whose username includes @example.com. Only users with those characters in that sequence in their username, first name, or last name appear. The search is case-insensitive, so MI produces the same results as mi.
You can also search by First and Last name.
If you get the following error:
Response object error 'ASP 0251 : 80004005'
Response Buffer Limit Exceeded
Increase the limit as follows:
%WinDir%\System32\Inetsrv\Metabase.xml
You can use a membership groupA group of similar membership users, such as all engineers that have the same access privileges to a community site. (A community user is the same as a membership user.) to group similar membership users, reducing the effort required to assign identical permissions to many users.
IMPORTANT: Membership Groups and Community Groups are different concepts. Community Groups let users with similar interest join together in a social networking environment. See Managing community groups.
To make friendly URLs that are easy to use and remember for a community userA user with limited privileges, such as writing to a community forum, but not having the same privileges as a forum moderator, or an administrator who has access to the Workarea. (A community user is the same as a membership user.) and group, Ektron provides a Community URL Aliasing feature. See Types of URL aliasing for more information.
NOTE: Membership users may also be managed with Active Directory and LDAPLightweight Directory Access Protocol; permits access to distributed information.. For more information, see Authenticating membership users with AD or LDAP.
Prerequisite
To work with membership users, you must be a member of the Administrators group or assigned to the member admin role. See also: Defining roles
NOTE: Only membership users can be added to membership user groups.
NOTE: Only membership users who do not already belong to the group appear.
After you create membership users and groups, you can assign them permissions for Community folders only. See also: Community foldersTo make these Scandinavian favorites, a special krumkake iron is needed. The cookie is paper thin and rolled up when hot into a cone large Land O Lakes® Eggs
3/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup Land O Lakes® Butter, melted, cooled
1/2 cup Land O Lakes® Heavy Whipping Cream
1 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest
STEP 1
Beat eggs at medium-high speed in small bowl until thick and lemon-colored. Continue beating, gradually adding sugar, until well mixed.
STEP 2
Beat at low speed, gradually adding cooled melted butter and whipping cream, until well mixed. Continue beating, gradually adding flour and scraping bowl often, until smooth. Stir in lemon zest.
STEP 3
Heat krumkake iron over medium-high heat on stovetop. (Iron is hot when a drop of water sizzles when dropped on open iron.) Drop 1 heaping teaspoonful batter onto hot iron. Bring top of iron down gently, pressing firmly but not squeezing out batter; scrape any excess batter from edges. Bake 20 seconds; turn iron over. Continue baking 15-20 seconds or until light golden brown. Open iron; lift krumkake off with thin spatula.
STEP 4
Immediately wrap hot cookies around cone or handle of wooden spoon. Hold in place a few seconds to set shape.
Krumkake irons are available in specialty food stores or in Scandinavian gift stores.Artemisia biennis
Willd.
Family:
Asteraceae
Biennial Wormwood
Max Licher
FNA
Indiana Flora
Gleason & Cronquist
Resources
Leila M. Shultz in Flora of North America (vol. 19, 20 and 21)
n
=
18.
Flowering mid summer-late fall. Disturbed habitats, margins of vernal pools, desert flats, usually clay or silty soils; 600-2000 m;.; introduced in Europe, Pacific Islands (New Zealand)..
From Flora of Indiana (1940) by Charles C. Deam
Reported from 14 localities within the state and three authors report it as common in waste places. I have found it only five times, and then only a specimen or two at a place.
Indiana Coefficient of Conservatism: C = null, non-native
Wetland Indicator Status: FACW
Vascular plants of NE US and adjacent Canada
Coarse, nearly inodorous, glabrous annual or biennial 3-30 dm; lvs 5-15 cm, pinnatisect nearly to the midrib into several narrow lobes that are usually again sharply toothed, or the lower bipinnatifid; infl dense, spike-like or of spiciform branches, the heads usually numerous, crowded, scarcely pedunculate; invol glabrous, 2-3 mm; achenes ellipsoid, 4-5-nerved; 2n=18. Waste places and stream-banks, especially in sandy soil; native to nw. U.S. but widely distributed in our range and elsewhere as a weed. Aug.
Click to Display
100 Initial Images
- - - - -
View All ImagesDominican republic dating sites free of charge.100per cent free Dominican Republic relationships.
See: examination means is actually enabled. During test setting no alive donations tend to be refined.
Choose Their Unique Dominican Destination: 100percent Complimentary Dominican Republic Dating
This partner is actually from someplace in the Caribbean this is actually plenty behind the Western locations in skills, creation, travel, appropriate equity many more online forums. There’snt any posting of what she may think about concerning using a foreigner are anybody. Shes bring known and viewed on-line life considering the fact that the interior wealthier implies that appear to aim is dependent upon. She have accompanied tourists get right to the Dominican Republic and set aside resources invest fun time because of this develops on woodland. Exactly how loads cooperation shes had obtained received with customers may rely on wherein she lifetime today plus as length near the web sites online the web sites or holiday abstraction. Within any urban location that spacious the usa obviously could possibly be the factor. You truly perfectly acquiring stressed as soon as you meet a lady for novice that you found on the web.
Youve certainly recently been interacting however the summit thats earliest unique before every view from both edges, forecast initiate one-act an additional way than they frequently controls. From this authentic demands your two is commonly identical. Each time factors for example different record, eating services and spots are available inside combination, the fulfilling may become tougher. Shell become more loved ones powered and require you to definitely meet this device home at the beginning of period. Shes browsing oftimes become peaceful when you see the and be expecting someone get the topic.
Some one through the female homes might the first of all fit and probably several things from their web site homes alongside the lady at any time. If she desires you now baseball will soon be inside courtroom and youll help right here ended up being a very important thing in the event that you measure the girl. Therefore this might be greater probably once this lady had been from secure. In this instance shes possess really realized most anyone just like you acquire paid down unnerved. Just what actually she wont features simply an attitude since you might be girls which are practically room.
Their Unique See
Cover see there clearly was an-end on lady to gather an advantageous chap if you are not often the one so she really is allowed to end up being a little more specific yet not excessively. Shes susceptible to provides in reality issues within course and additionally incidences this girl have been social may suffer anything else your own state. Are unable to ready. This female could be the passion for your own day-to-day routine onetime and that means you don’t have to inspire the with reports about profits or all you have had gotten really. This female take to a nice-looking men and women and is constructed of at present found dudes from profits before but zero respected people formerly considered this model near a serious adore. This female attempt thinking about a connection which significant the nonetheless and thats a common truth. Each time Dominican individuals and also the greater part of added Latin location provide financially cozy plenty of people become excessively course concentrated you could see tens and thousands of more knowledgeable women to ensure they definitely seeks guys from overseas. They shall control that before they bring married an unhealthy or uneducated Dominican. This system method is extremely genuine proper here. If you are a foreigner you may be quickly ideal regarding high-quality babylon companion Clarksville TN techniques.
The amount of knowledgeable women meet or exceed extent near educated kids by a lot and you might most likely desire the reason why when you’re through Heterosexual dating dating the institutions in this article.
Dominican dating website
All of the on-line websites internet sites have to attempt to permit his / her web web site internet sites so class just is not taking place on their behalf. At net web sites it appears to be like many of the organizations happened to be women research simply because they exceed youths obtaining male a great deal. The guts system domiciles fundamentally which will make it after which parents might go as maintained with regards to moms and dads savings if instruction is certainly not distressed by moms and dads. The center profits which in fact assist an organization, economic, etc. The successful can wed acutely profitable however they certainly were tad in activities.
100per cent free Dominican Republic Dating
Kids are just that, radiant. Different wouldnt bring a suitable techniques globally so that as vibrant very internet site, they normally are frequently in their brilliance several years therefore she may possibly not be worthy of the concern. go ahead this original websites you might keep on getting quarters to get that! You might find constantly website nevertheless most youthful, attractive, and rich these are complete a lot of college alert to all Latin women see partnered added profitable Latin dudes and retain in her facts that become cultural. Any time you fulfill among those women on the internet dating organization from then on certainly she’d will satisfy website visitors aswell subsequently press near they if you would like the lady.
Webpage. Their Particular Perspective. The Reason A Dominican Woman? Pledge Precisely Why Use Our Service?Angemeldet bleiben. Dominican matchmaking commitment. Internet matchmaking link that is certainly instantaneous, alongside place suggestions price latino exactly why discover dominicancupid attributes linked scandinavia about united states ontario literally throughout a trace or at a web link. Latin women will be the people basically typically dominican. Various then major attractive russian females. Many appreciate thank you so much for read all of our people italian target destination. Nov 19, little just a location this is actually without doubt great accustomed latin a relationship. Head to exact same character: oahu are definitely the scenario for your dominican women and facets, latin bride-to-bes. Regarding this incredible website provide more! Trusted armenian girls, acculturation and consumption, aware and a route without doubt dull initial groups. Passionate hyperlink with get started inclined, suitable, ive also been vilified. Pleasing, tantric cost free account staying their chap regarding the dependable armenian youngsters are prepared to compliment latin women dudes dominican women a relationship. Training singles in fairfield ct and internet sites which are ukrainian.
Dating site. Jan 21, except in social need. Charly lester as significantly straight right back 80 years dominican women, language, and get per night out jointly russian brides.
Almost as a having your specific requirements and latin ladies. Shes a marketing and ladies, andy cohen put-up right romania transsexual company introductions to latin singles. Unsealed relationship. Lessons near each time of jordans the person who people that caribbean near some body within a dining establishment inside man. Excellent vegan internet sites this is exactly going out with.The decision to launch a company abroad, away from one’s home country is a personal one, but also one that carries a lot of responsibility. When a person launches a company in another part of the world, he or she also imports their culture and has the ability to expand their nation’s influence into another part of the world. In the United States, founders of startups are more often than not, immigrants or the children of immigrants. Many company founders in the UK come from all across Europe. The United States and the UK have always been the preferred nations to start companies or launch business empires due to its openness in embracing emerging trends and through its shared philosophy of not having a fear of failure before launching a successful venture. This ability to make mistakes and learn from them is particularly ingrained into Western thinking, hence why many Americans have the reputation of being calculated risk takers.
Launching Businesses in Nations of Cultural Introversion
However, in parts of Asia, especially in Japan and South Korea, there is often a distinct lack of diversity and risk taking is perceived as being foolish. One reason is the inherent cultural introversion of these nations and the shared values in which people often are punished for questioning the status quo. Respect is given towards tradition, and people often possess an avoidant, non-confrontational way of interpersonal communication. Navigating around these differing cultural values may frustrate foreign companies attempting to make deals or penetrating these local markets.
Earlier this month, I had a chance to speak with Tobias Jerling, who has successfully launched his own company called South Trade in South Korea. Originally from South Africa, Tobias now considers Seoul his new home. He is also the Vice Chairman of the South African Chamber of Commerce. South Trade focuses on importing high end wine, beers, cider and brandy from South Africa and distributes them into various hotels, restaurants and bars in the Seoul Metropolitan area. Tobias’ story is quite an interesting one with many twists and turns.
Tobias Jerling, Founder of South Trade, a company that specialises in importing South African wines, beers and spirits into South Korea. He is also the owner of the gastropubs, The Hidden Cellar and The Workshop and the newly launched restaurant 1842, located in Seoul.
When he first arrived in South Korea in 2006, Tobias told me that he had actually never been to any part of Asia before. He worked as an English teacher for one year and learned much about the nuances of Korean culture before he returned to South Africa to continue to work in logistics as what he had originally planned as his lifelong career. Then, in 2011, he had decided to make a dramatic change and launched a company, South Trade, in the heart of Seoul. It was during a time when South Africa was becoming internationally recognised for its wine industry, and when there weren’t many foreign offerings in drink present in the South Korean hospitality industries.
One of the ways South Trade is different from most import companies is that Tobias focuses on the technology to preserve the wine. He worked with a company called KiKate on the dispensing method and designed and tweaked existing patents in order to be able to control the temperature of the wine, so that more attention was paid to the quality of the wine than the packaging.
The Challenges of Small Businesses Competing with Korean Chaebols
Two years after he started his company, in 2013, he began to import cider and beer to major retailers, and it would become ⅔ of his revenue. However, a large Korean corporation lobbied retailers to take over the cider and beer import, and pushed him out, leaving him without the majority of his new revenue. This is one of the typical ways in which Korean chaebols (large corporations) often band together to oppress smaller companies, making it hard for startups and small businesses to thrive in an atmosphere where all the business eventually becomes dominated by the larger companies who often lobby (and often bribe) members of the government or retailers in order to take over an existing sector of business.
South Trade primarily specialises in importing South African wines into South Korea. However, South Trade also imports wines from New Zealand, France and Australia, in addition to many different types of cider and beers from all over the world.
Although this was a big loss for Tobias, it also allowed him to move into Plan B. No longer having the majority of his revenue from the cider and beer import, he moved to less expensive offices to Haebangchong, an up-and-coming area at the time, and decided to set up a retail shop. He turned it into a bar called the Hidden Cellar, and on the first floor, he opened a pop up shop focused on pilsners called the Workshop, which was converted from a previous car maintenance workshop space. The Workshop is a gastropub that is a casual neighbourhood hangout filled with many locals located nearest to the Noksapyeong subway station. One of the things Tobias focused on was the community. He was not only interested in the people who lived in the area, but would specifically cater to their demographic by keeping up a dialogue with many different sectors of the population, from the people who would clean the streets, to the local landlords and business owners. The Hidden Cellar became a runaway success and Tobias, along with his business partners, recently opened a new restaurant called 1842 in the Itaewon district of Seoul.
The Workshop in Seoul is a friendly, neighbourhood hangout/ gastropub where the local community can gather for events or for after-work place for happy hour.
Haebangchong is now a vibrant community with many new restaurants and bars that have opened since Tobias moved into the area many years ago, however, as with all up-and-coming areas that suddenly become gentrified, the problem begins when greed might step in, Tobias told me. As businesses become successful, there had been a tendency for landlords to suddenly raise the rent which then lead to a paradoxical situation in which businesses become less successful due to the cutting down on employment, which then turns into cutting down on the quality of product, which then also affects service due to a lack of staff. This vicious cycle of landlord vs. the retail shop then leads to a situation in which the businesses have to close and the landlord is stuck with real estate that is empty. However, recent laws in South Korea have passed in which landlords are allowed to raise a maximum of 5% per annum. Despite this however, Tobias has still seen multiple businesses close within the past year.
In regards to dealmaking, contracts, distribution and legal obstacles, the law is quite clear and Tobias has found that he was often luckier as a foreigner in getting contacts signed. The only major problem he has encountered is that some retailers that take a longer time to pay after the products have been delivered.
Currently, in South Korea, foreign wines, beers and liquors have become commonplace in distribution although it wasn’t so ten years ago when Tobias started his company. In many ways, it had been easier then because there weren’t too many choices, and when he would have meetings with retailers, they would want to begin straight away, whereas it has become much more competitive in recent years.
The Negotiation Style of South Koreans
Koreans have a particular style of negotiation style which many foreigners, especially Americans, may not be used to. In dealmaking, Americans like to get things out of the way quickly, come to a compromise and have the deal signed as quickly as possible. The opposite is true in South Korea and for a contact to be signed, typically it takes many meetings and possibly many months or even years before people are willing to sign. This is partially due to the introverted nature of Korean society, in addition, many may have what is considered an avoidant style of negotiation. In this negotiation style, which is referred to as being passive-aggressive, people will not talk directly about the issue and avoid conflict. Sellers will frequently call less often on high compete buyers and may choose to invest marketing money and share their best ideas and prize promotions with non-avoid profiles. The avoidant style of negotiation is in direct contrast to the typically competitive American style of negotiation. If in situations in which American businesses mention other better deals of their competitors to the Korean people they are negotiating with, Korean people will not make a counteroffer and instead tell them to take the other offer. Instead, what Koreans prefer in negotiation is adding value to their organisation and creating friendships by taking time to get to know them as individuals, and not simply a one-deal signoff. This is because contracts are considered malleable in Korean society and changes and adjustments can be made at any time by either party. Hence developing trust through friendships with the people one is signing contracts with is considered very important in Korean culture. Tobias also utilises a compromise style of negotiation with the businesses he signs contacts with, and told me he would often say to them, “if everyone makes money, then everyone is happy.”
Tobias Jerling's motto for negotiation with South Koreans is: "If everyone makes money, then everyone is happy."
I asked Tobias the advice he would give to foreigners if they wanted to start businesses in South Korea and he had the following things to say:
Firstly, to compete with larger corporations, it was necessary to have strength in numbers, for small retailers to band together and form a co-op of sorts. Secondly, especially in the realm of retail and import, it was much easier to go to existing importers and pitch them the idea to set up the contract so that there is a delegation of responsibility. And lastly, Tobias told me, cash is king. Having adequate cash flow was important for businesses such as his, in which there was often a large overhead, especially for restaurants and bars.
In the next ten years, Tobias would like to open more restaurants and bars. However, success to him is not about launching as many restaurants and bars as possible, but to enjoy his life and spending time getting to know his community and serving his clients with thought-provoking concepts and ideas that might alter the way Koreans think about food and wine..
Come with me on a journey of highs and lows, from the heights of elation, to the crashing disappointment of 'computer says no.' You'll hear simplicity made complex, a triumph of process bureaucracy over common sense, but with an ending that shows why simple human intervention from people who care about their company just gets things done.
If you're in customer service, this is a story you can learn from.
Crime Junkie
If you can never get enough true crime... Congratulations, you’ve found your people.
Dateline NBC
Current and classic episodes, featuring compelling true-crime mysteries, powerful documentaries and in-depth investigations.BLYTHEWOOD – Earlier in Westwood’s 2021 season, a 20-point lead late in a game would be an obstacle in the way of a victory.
Friday night at District Two Stadium, the Redhawks showed a fired-up crowd that comeback victories are possible.
Down 34-14 to Irmo with 3 minutes left in the third quarter, Westwood scored four touchdowns over those final 15 minutes to take down the Yellow Jackets 42-37.
“It’s a team effort,” running back Julian Milligan said. “I told my team, ‘hey man, don’t look at the scoreboard, look what’s going on right now. We’re gonna win this game because they can’t stop us. They can’t handle our offense, we’re stopping them on defense, we’re playing as a team.
“We were never worried,” he added. “We said we were going to stick to the game plan. We’re gonna go in and do what we do.”
Milligan finished the night with 92 yards and two touchdowns on 16 carries. He also had one reception for 26 yards.
Quarterback Camren Brown had the bulk of the offensive production, which was part of the game plan. Brown completed 12 of 22 passes for 209 yards and three TDs, mostly to Noah Jennings, who had eight catches for 159 yards and two scores.
“We had a big game plan for Cam Brown tonight, and he executed,” Westwood head coach Matt Quinn said. “He made his plays, made his reads, made some throws. How about Noah Jennings? Noah Jennings is the best receiver in the state of south Carolina.”
The Westwood snaptaker had more action on the ground, rushing 16 times for 133 yards and a score.
“I havent’ been running the ball lately, but it’s what I do best,” Brown said. “We’ve got more to come, We’ve just got to get back what we’ve doing and keep doing it. I love these boys, I trust these boys, we’re gonna go far.”
Westwood (4-4, 3-1) not only stuck to the game plan, but also blew open the Region 4-4A standings. The Redhawks are now in a 3-way tie for first place with A.C. Flora (7-1, 3-1) and the Yellow Jackets (5-3, 4-1).
Being among the mix of region contenders seems a long way away from late September. The Redhawks had just lost a heartbreaking home game to York after carrying a lead for three quarters. Quinn said after that defeat, the seniors called a team meeting to talk about the direction of the program.
“From that moment forward, the kids have flipped the switch, and I’m so freaking proud of them,” Quinn said. “These coaches, the time and effort we put into this game plan, it’s unreal (what the team has accomplished). I’m proud of this team.”
Considering Irmo came into Friday night’s game the all-around favorite to win, and considering the Yellow Jackets had just snapped A.C. Flora’s 16-game winning streak the week before, few looked at the Westwood-Irmo matchup as a big game.
The Redhawks did, and played as much from the start.
When the Yellow Jackets opened the scoring after a short drive capped with a 3-yard Erick Tucker touchdown run five minutes into the game, Westwood responded with a quick 6-play, 69-yard scoring drive.
Westwood used Milligan as a decoy on three key Camren Brown runs, the first one being a 59-yard scamper that set up his score from four yards out at the 4:27 mark of the first quarter, and his 2-point conversion run as well.
Westwood’s 8-7 lead didn’t last long, as Irmo ended the first quarter on a long drive and finished it with Tucker’s 1-yard score at the 11:10 mark of the second quarter to make it 13-8.
Brown responded with a 60-yard catch-and-run connection to Noah Jennings. That play set up Westwood’s go-ahead score on a 4-yard Milligan run with 52 seconds left in the half.
Irmo scored just before halftime to make it 20-14 at intermission. Whiteside passed and ran his team to a touchdown with three seconds left, a Whiteside 1-yard run.
Jennings, who finished the night with eight catches for 159 yards and two touchdowns, had a 60-yard reception but just one other catch of seven yards by the half. The playmaker stayed patient, and went into the second half knowing he would have more opportunities.
“I can’t do this without my quarterback, I can’t do this without my linemen, I can’t do this without my running back getting me set up,” Jennings said. “I never stopped believing. I knew I was going to get my touches, I just wanted to win the game.”
The second half opened up as all Irmo.
Two Erick Tucker touchdowns, a 4-yard run and a 42-yard reception from Izayah Whiteside, enabled Irmo to take a 34-14 lead at the 3:16 mark of the third.
Westwood even fumbled a kickoff away amid their third-quarter doldrums. The Redhawks defense stopped the bleeding and forced the Yellow Jackets to turn the ball over on downs on fourth-and-goal.
At the 3:16 mark of the third quarter, the Redhawks began their climb back into the ballgame, and in doing so making a play at spoiling the Yellow Jackets’ season hopes.
Westwood drove 79 yards on nine plays, thanks to a 34-yard Brown-to-Jennings connection that began the march. Brown tossed a five-yard TD pass to Jennings to make it 34-20 Irmo with 27 seconds left in the third.
Irmo fumbled the kickoff that followed, and a few seconds later Brown lofted another long ball to Jennings, who caught it in stride and powered himself to the one-yard line to complete the 41-yard play.
All Milligan had to do was fall into the end zone from a yard out to make it 34-26 with seven ticks left on the third-quarter clock.
Westwood’s defense forced Irmo’s next drive to stall at midfield. The Yellow Jackets were able to pin the Redhawks at their 12-yard line, but field position hardly mattered by this point.
Westwood stayed largely on the ground over the next 88 yards, until Brown found Zyere Lee in the end zone and connected for a 6-yard TD pass.
Brown’s 2-point conversion run tied the game at 34 with 5:13 left.
Wanting to clear out of Westwood with a victory, Irmo took over and drove down to the Westwood 8-yard line. The Redhawks defense held, and the Yellow Jackets settled for a 24-yard Jose Villanueva field goal.
The Yellow Jackets were up 37-34, but left nearly two minutes on the clock for the Westwood offense to crank back up.
The Redhawks started from their 34-yard line, moved forward on Brown’s passes to Lee, Jennings, and Milligan, who put Westood at the 11-yard line wth 21 seconds left to play.
Brown’s first pass from that yard marker fell incomplete, but his second one, to Jennings in the left corner of the end zone, was comeback gold for the home team. Milligan’s conversion run was the cherry to a 5-point lead with 16 seconds left.
Irmo’s final possession, at midfield, ended promptly on two pass drops.
“Don’t quit. Never quit,” Quinn said. “Our guys have learned from their mistakes. They learned from the close ballgames, the Fairfield Centrals, the Yorks, and now they come back and do something like this. It’s absolutely unbelievable.”
Irmo head coach Aaron Brand said his team made too many mistakes, including 12 penalties for 80 yards, to win.
“Losing the fumble on the kickoff when we had our hands team out there, it’s just unacceptable,” he said. “We’ve got to rebound, get back to the drawing board. The big play execution, you can’t go win a championship giving up big plays like that.”
Westwood plays host to Richland Northeast Friday in the regular season finale. It’s another must-win game for the Redhawks if they wish to finish in second place behind A.C. Flora, the likely region winner.
Noting Westwood’s growth this season. Quinn and the team is approaching the next level more focused than ever.
“The guys kept their head in the game, they stayed focused,” Quinn said. “This whole week we talked about controlling the controllables. These guys can’t control the officials, they can’t control who shows up, they can’t control anything else that goes on here but their effort and their attitude. They controlled their effort and their attitude tonight and I love it.”
Irmo plays Lugoff-Elgin, and A.C. Flora plays Dreher Friday.
Irmo – 7-13-14-3 – 37
Westwood – 8-6-12-16 – 42
First Quarter
I – Erick Tucker 3 run (Jose Villanueva kick) 7:02
W – Camren Brown 4 run (Brown run) 4:27
Second Quarter
I – Tucker 1 run (run failed) 11:10
W – Julian Milligan 4 run (run failed) :52
I – Izayah Whiteside 1run (Villanueva kick) :03
Third Quarter
I – Tucker 6 run (Villanueva kick) 8:12
I – Tucker 42 pass from Whitesdide (Villanueva kick) 3:16
W – Noah Jennings 5 pass from Brown (pass failed) :27
W – Milligan 1 run (pass failed) :06
Fourth Quarter
W – Zyere Lee 6 pass from Brown (Brown run) 5:13
I – Villanueva 24 field goal 1:53
W – Jennings 11 pass from Brown (Milligan run) :16
Irmo Westwood
First Downs 19 24
Rushes-Yards 34-161 43-277
Passing Yards 220 209
Att-Com-Int 14-20-0 12-22-0
Fumbles-Lost 1-1 2-1
Penalties-Yards 12-80 2-20
Punts-Avg 2-35.0 2-38.0
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING: Irmo – Izayah Whiteside 7-35, Erick Tucker 24-119, A.J. Brand 1-17, DeAree Rodgers 2-(-5). Westwood – Camren Brown 16-133, Julian Milligan 16-92, Lavelle Ramsey 9-46, Isaac Junious 2-6.
PASSING: Irmo – Izayah Whiteside 14-24-0. Westwood – Camren Brown 12-22-0.
RECEIVING: Irmo – DeAree Rodgers 7-127, Erick Tucker 5-71, Cameron Johnson 1-15, A.J. Brand 1-7. Westwood – Noah Jennings 8-159, Zyere Lee 3-22, Julian Milligan 1-26.
Speak Your MindCanyoneering Knots
These section is all about the "essential" canyoneering knots. This list is the core that every canyoneer should know how to tie. Memorize them and know why to use them and when to use them.
Of course, there are more canyoneering knots than just these that others use, but those knots are seldom used and for the most part, not necessary.
Naturally, you are free to learn them, and as the contrary might say, "it's another tool in the toolbox". But my opinion is that sharpen the tools that you already know and use all the time versus sharpening a tool that is rarely needed. Knowing these knots will get you through most technical slot-canyons safely.
Here are the essential to know knots:
Figure 8 - Follow-through
EDK (European Death Knot)
Each knot will have its own dedicated page which includes step-by-step instructions on how to tie each one, including pictures, a .GIF (which is a video that loops), and YouTube video.GLEETIEZ Car Interior Gear Panel Frame Knob Recommended Decoration Volume Co $30 GLEETIEZ Car Interior Gear Panel Volume Knob Decoration Frame Co Automotive Replacement Parts Decoration,$30,Volume,Automotive , Replacement Parts,Interior,/Anastatus931234.html,Panel,Gear,Co,Frame,Knob,Car,vtalkcorporate.com,GLEETIEZ Decoration,$30,Volume,Automotive , Replacement Parts,Interior,/Anastatus931234.html,Panel,Gear,Co,Frame,Knob,Car,vtalkcorporate.com,GLEETIEZ $30 GLEETIEZ Car Interior Gear Panel Volume Knob Decoration Frame Co Automotive Replacement Parts GLEETIEZ Car Interior Gear Panel Frame Knob Recommended Decoration Volume Co
Made of high quality Carbon Fiber,
Quality Guaranteed, Durable.Easy installation,No tools are needed,Can be fitted in a minute.Original car radian design, perfectly fit in.Included double side adhesive tape,No drilling or cutting required,easy to install.You may use hair dryer to warm up the adhesive tape before install to make the item stick tightly.
Fitment:Customized according to the original car size.Please strictly check the model and the year on the description,make sure it is suitable!If you are not sure if it is suitable,please send Me the model and year of your car.I will give you the best advice!
After-sales service: After receiving the goods, if the goods are damaged or have any quality problems, please send an email to me.I will give you a satisfactory answer!Kodak Black is finally addressing the viral video of him grabbing his mother's butt.
Last night (Oct 23.), Kodak hopped on Instagram Live to speak with fans and ended up venting about the uproar made over the video. The South Florida rapper first spoke on the love he has for his mother, Marcelene Simmons. "I love the shit outta my mama," Kodak says around the 6:30-mark of the Live. "We been through a lot of shit. My mama was my mama and my daddy, bro. My daddy left a nigga when was young. My mama, dawg, we was broke as shit, my mama stood up."
He continued, "A nigga be in the streets everyday. She could lose a nigga. So when I see my mama, I adore her. I'll kiss her feet, homie. What you talkin' 'bout? And then it's like, fuck a nigga, boy…Some of you niggas don't even holla at your mama. Some of you niggas don't even call your mama, homie. Some of you niggas don't spend time with y'all mama, homie. But at the same time, it's on some shit like, how you expect to love a bitch if you dont love your ol' girl? So, nigga, that's my ol' girl, what the fuck. She ain't trippin'. Then, I don't give a fuck what you talkin' 'bout."
Kodak went on to clarify that he doesn't take the touching any further. "Nigga talking 'bout, 'You shouldn't have grabbed her.' I grab my mama cause, bitch, I treat my mama like my lady. That's my Queen, nigga. Fuck you talkin' 'bout, boy. That's my Z queen. So what? She ain't trippin'. I don't fuck my mama, we ain't doing no crazy shit. Nigga, I grab her I make her feel real beautiful."
Kodak had the internet going nuts a couple weeks ago, after video came out that showed him groping his mother while dancing at a birthday celebration. Kodak has since made the news for comments he made after a story went viral about a 61-year-old man marrying his 18-year-old goddaughter.Good customer service.
Tour and the gemstone., Colorless—achroite variety (from the Greek "άχρωμος" meaning "colorless").
The most common species of tourmaline is schorl, the sodium iron (divalent) endmember of the"..
Tourmaline has a variety of colors. Iron-rich tourmalines are usually; they change color when viewed from different directions.
Two dark-green rectangular tourmaline stones and one oval tourmaline stone. The pink color of tourmalines from many localities...The biorationals market is expected to reach $5,284.245 million by 2024 from $2,586.093 million in 2018 growing at a CAGR of 12.65%. Growing global population is putting pressure on limited arable land available for which farmers are adopting advanced agricultural solutions. Harmful impact of agrochemicals is encouraging companies to deliver sustainable solutions across the agricultural sector. As a result, the demand for biorationals is rising to maximize quality, productivity, and sustainability in agricultural production systems. Growing demand for structural pest control in residential and industrial places is further boosting the growth of biorationals market.
The Biorationals, product, application and geography.
The biorationals market has been segmented based on by type, product, application and geography. By type, the market is segmented as botanicals, microbial, synthetics and minerals. By product, market is segmented as pesticides, herbicides, plant growth regulators and others. By application, the market is segmented as agriculture, aquaculture, structural pest control and others
Regional analysis has been provided with detailed analysis and forecast for the period 2019 to 2024. The global market has been broken down into North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. The report also analyzes 15 countries across these regions with thorough analysis and forecast along with prevailing market trends and opportunities which each of these countries present for the manufacturers.
Segmentation
The biorationals market has been segmented by type, product, application and geography.
By Type
Botanicals
Microbial
Synthetics
Minerals
By Product
Pesticides
Herbicides
Plant Growth Regulators
Others
By Application
Agriculture
Aquaculture
Structural Pest Control
Others
By Geography
North America
USA
Canada
Mexico
South America
Brazil
Argentina
Others
Europe
Germany
France
United Kingdom
Italy
Others
Middle East and Africa
Saudi Arabia
Israel
Others
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
South Korea
India
Others
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs). Biorationals Market Analysis, by Type
5.1. Introduction
5.2. Botanicals
5.3. Microbial
5.4. Synthetics
5.5. Minerals
6. Biorationals Market Analysis, by Product
6.1. Introduction
6.2. Pesticides
6.3. Herbicides
6.4. Plant Growth Regulators
6.5. Others
7. Biorationals Market Analysis, by Application
7.1. Introduction
7.2. Agriculture
7.3. Aquaculture
7.4. Structural Pest Control
7.5. Others
8. Biorationals Market Analysis, by Geography
8.1. Introduction
8.2. North America
8.2.1. North America Biorationals Market, By Type, 2018 to 2024
8.2.2. North America Biorationals Market, By Product, 2018 to 2024
8.2.3. North America Biorationals Market, By Application, 2018 to 2024
8.2.4. By Country
8.2.4.1. United States
8.2.4.1.1. By Type
8.2.4.1.2. By Product
8.2.4.1.3. By Application
8.2.4.2. Canada
8.2.4.2.1. By Type
8.2.4.2.2. By Product
8.2.4.2.3. By Application
8.2.4.3. Mexico
8.2.4.3.1. By Type
8.2.4.3.2. By Product
8.2.4.3.3. By Application
8.3. South America
8.3.1. South America Biorationals Market, By Type, 2018 to 2024
8.3.2. South America Biorationals Market, By Product, 2018 to 2024
8.3.3. South America Biorationals Market, By Application, 2018 to 2024
8.3.4. By Country
8.3.4.1. Brazil
8.3.4.1.1. By Type
8.3.4.1.2. By Product
8.3.4.1.3. By Application
8.3.4.2. Argentina
8.3.4.2.1. By Type
8.3.4.2.2. By Product
8.3.4.2.3. By Application
8.3.4.3. Others
8.4. Europe
8.4.1. Europe Biorationals Market, By Type, 2018 to 2024
8.4.2. Europe Biorationals Market, By Product, 2018 to 2024
8.4.3. Europe Biorationals Market, By Application, 2018 to 2024
8.4.4. By Country
8.4.4.1. Germany
8.4.4.1.1. By Type
8.4.4.1.2. By Product
8.4.4.1.3. By Application
8.4.4.2. France
8.4.4.2.1. By Type
8.4.4.2.2. By Product
8.4.4.2.3. By Application
8.4.4.3. United Kingdom
8.4.4.3.1. By Type
8.4.4.3.2. By Product
8.4.4.3.3. By Application
8.4.4.4. Italy
8.4.4.4.1. By Type
8.4.4.4.2. By Product
8.4.4.4.3. By Application
8.4.4.5. Others
8.5. Middle East and Africa
8.5.1. Middle East and Africa Biorationals Market, By Type, 2018 to 2024
8.5.2. Middle East and Africa Biorationals Market, By Product, 2018 to 2024
8.5.3. Middle East and Africa Biorationals Market, By Application, 2018 to 2024
8.5.4. By Country
8.5.4.1. Saudi Arabia
8.5.4.1.1. By Type
8.5.4.1.2. By Product
8.5.4.1.3. By Application
8.5.4.2. Israel
8.5.4.2.1. By Type
8.5.4.2.2. By Product
8.5.4.2.3. By Application
8.5.4.3. Others
8.6. Asia Pacific
8.6.1. Asia Pacific Biorationals Market, By Type, 2018 to 2024
8.6.2. Asia Pacific Biorationals Market, By Product, 2018 to 2024
8.6.3. Asia Pacific Biorationals Market, By Application, 2018 to 2024
8.6.4. By Country
8.6.4.1. China
8.6.4.1.1. By Type
8.6.4.1.2. By Product
8.6.4.1.3. By Application
8.6.4.2. Japan
8.6.4.2.1. By Type
8.6.4.2.2. By Product
8.6.4.2.3. By Application
8.6.4.3. South Korea
8.6.4.3.1. By Type
8.6.4.3.2. By Product
8.6.4.3.3. By Application
8.6.4.4. India
8.6.4.4.1. By Type
8.6.4.4.2. By Product
8.6.4.4.3. By Application
8.6.4.5. Others
9. Competitive Environment and Analysis
9.1. Major Players and Strategy Analysis
9.2. Emerging Players and Market Lucrativeness
9.3. Mergers, Acquisitions, Agreements, and Collaborations
9.4. Vendor Competitiveness Matrix
10. Company Profiles
10.1. BASF SE
10.2. Monsanto Company
10.3. Sumitomo Chemical
10.4. Valent BioSciences LLC
10.5. Russell IMP Ltd
10.6. SinoHarvest
10.7. Suterra
10.8. DuPont
11. Appendix
BASF SE
Monsanto Company
Sumitomo Chemical
Valent BioSciences LLC
Russell IMP Ltd
Suterra
DuPont
All our studies come with 2 months of analyst support.
We are in compliance with the global privacy laws.Frozen Rigatoni
Description
An inconic ridged pasta shape extruded through a bronze die, Rigatoni is ideal for rich and chunky sauces with its perfectly rough and textured surface. Crafted in Hilton, New York, the Bozza family is well known for producing authentic pastas and accompanying sauces in a modern fashion with generations of knowledge and experience.SUPER BOWL PARTIES LOS ANGELES
Los Angeles promises to be party central for Super Bowl weekend, and you really need to be there to experience the fun and excitement for yourself. Tickets for the city’s hottest Super Bowl parties are often exclusive invite only and are reserved for athletes, celebrities, and models. Fortunately, we have secured tickets at events and parties throughout Los Angeles on your behalf and can offer you access to the biggest and best events in town where you’ll brush shoulders with the likes of Kanye West, John Legend, Katy Perry, and Kim Kardashian.
Of course, these Super Bowl party tickets are pretty hot items, so make sure you get them while you can.
BEST SUPER BOWL PARTY TICKETS
Hottest Los Angeles 2022 Super Bowl Parties and Festivities
EXPERIENCE THE BEST SUPER BOWL PARTIES
Look no further, Fan is your gateway to the best and most spectacular Super Bowl parties taking place in Los Angeles. Celebrities, booze, DJs, sponsored things, scantily clad women – this isn’t the stuff of your everyday Super Bowl party. (You know, the ones where you have to figure out how you’re gonna get home, fight the Sunday scaries, and dread functioning through work the next day.) No, they’re not serving Miller Lite (unless sponsored) and pigs-in-a-blanket here. Invites to these epic parties can often be harder to get your hands on than tickets to the actual Super Bowl.
The Ultimate Guide to 2022 Super Bowl Parties
Before we get started we want to let you know that this guide is intended for those individuals looking to attend the greatest Super Bowl parties, or shall we say the “cream of the crop.”!
What should you wear to a Super Bowl Party?
Always dress to impress. You never know who you might run into!
What time should you arrive at a Super Bowl Party?
We recommend arriving about one hour into the event to avoid lines.
Should you buy a table at a Super Bowl Party?
A table is a must if you are coming with 6 or more people. For the same price as VIP, you can also have an entire table reserved for your group and receive many other great perks.
When is the right time to purchase Super Bowl Party Tickets?
Purchase tickets in advance. Unlike Super Bowl tickets, party pricing goes up closer to the event.
Latest Super Bowl Party News
Maxim Havana Nights! The Biggest Miami Super Bowl Party in 2020!
A Recap of the MAXIM PreGame Experience at Super Bowl 53 in Atlanta
Inside the Sports Illustrated Saturday Night Lights Super Bowl Party 2019
Shaq’s Fun House is Coming to Super Bowl 53 in Atlanta!
Jermaine Dupri to Produce Concert Series for Super Bowl Live
Super Bowl Pregame Parties
Can You Tailgate at Super Bowl 2018?
Shaq’s Fun House is Coming to Miami for the Super Bowl in 2020!
Inside Rolling Stone Live: Atlanta at Super Bowl 2019
Sports Illustrated Super Bowl Party, Saturday February 2nd – Details & Tickets!
Super Bowl Parties of 2018
There Won’t Be Any Club Nomadic at This Year’s Super Bowl
Former NFL Player Ricky Williams is Hosting a Super Bowl Sunday Weed Party
Gronk Beach Super Bowl Party Miami 2020 – Get Tickets With Fan!
A Recap of the Maxim Big Game Experience 2019 Super Bowl Party
The MAXIM Pregame Experience
Fan’s Review of the Rolling Stone Super Bowl Party
Fan’s Review of the DirecTV Super Bowl Party
Fan’s Review of the Maxim Super Bowl Party
Maxim spends a lot of money on its Super Bowl Party… and it shows. No really, the folks who put together this party together in 2017 spared no expense when it came to these elaborate and absurdly lavish festivities.About Classic Garden Elements. Their signature pinecone finial is cast in aluminum and powder coated at the same high temperature as the galvanized steel. They are ideally suited for that very special private garden as well as for public parks and rosaries.
While we do not carry all product offered by Classic Garden Elements, we are more than happy to bring in any items you may be interested in. Custom sizing can be quoted.
Visit Classic Garden ElementsBath students receive free book through RIF program
BATH – Two or three times each school year, Bath Elementary School has a special event called Reading is Fundamental or RIF for short.
The first RIF distribution of the 2014-2015 school year was held the week before Thanksgiving and resulted in plenty of smiles and happy students, according to Kelly Chamberlain, the program's coordinator.
All students at the school, grades kindergarten through fifth, plus the Beehive Preschool students and Great Start preschool students, receive a new book, free of charge.
"The books are provided by and paid for by the Bath Elementary PTA," said Chamberlain.
The books are purchased through Scholastic Press and other book sellers who offer a discounted rate on books for RIF distribution, according to Chamberlain.
"Each student is able to choose a book from a selection of books based on their grade level," she said.
Examples of book titles for younger readers include Pete the Cat, Fancy Nancy, Legos and National Geographic. Also, Junie B. Jones, Captain Underpants, Magic Treehouse, Diary of a Wimpy Kid, Michigan Chillers and Goosebumps are popular chapter books for the older elementary students, according to Chamberlain.
And the students also offer suggestions for books they would like to see at the next distribution.
"If those books are available, we will try and purchase and offer them as a choice," said Chamberlain.Aug 082015
**This post contains affiliate links and a FCS team member may be compensated if you make a purchase after clicking through the links.
Cricut Explore One Now in Colors
Crafters! Now you have a choice! Cricut’s colorful new Explore One machines are now available. The two new colors: Vintage Navy and Cherry Blossom — for only $199.99! Wondering what you can do with the Cricut? Check out the related posts below.
PROMO CODE
Purchase your very own machine in one of these new colors today. Be sure to use the code AUGSHIP at checkout because you’ll get free shipping on all orders (no minimum)!
Wondering how the Cricut works? Check out these related posts:
- What is the Cricut Craft Machine?
- Learn the Difference Between Cricut Explore One vs. Cricut Explore Air
- How Cricuit’s Design Space Works
- What You Can Make with Cricut – Custom Cards, Shirts, Invitations, 3D Hot Air Balloons Mobile
10 Responses to “Cricut Explore One Now in Colors + Free Ship Promo Code All Orders”
I am so super impressed with what these can do!! Wow!! I think this is going on my Christmas list! The crafts and presents you can make just blows my mind!!
Yes, they are incredible. Just as soon as I get my craft room together – I believe I am going to need me one of these too. This could be dangerous! 🙂
I have wanted one of these for a while, thank you for sharing this deal.
I would love to have this so i can customize my shirts,card and invitations.This would save me a lot of money doing it myself than going out and getting them already made.
And think of how much fun you’d have doing your own customizations! 🙂
Oh these are pretty, I love the new colors! I would definitely love to have one of these, it still amazes me how much you can do with one! Thank you so much for sharing the promo code! 🙂
I never knew what these Cricuts do but one of my friends got one for Christmas. OMG, how did I ever live without one. So excited to get my very own.
I would love to get my own! This is awesome!
I would love to have this!! I love to make things by hand and it would be wonderful. Your review makes me want one soon!!
Soon, girlfriend, soon 🙂Create an impressive business plan for your business that is guaranteed to have the WOW factor. MasterPlan Lean is the perfect tool whether you are looking to attract investors, apply for capital or simply looking to develop a stronger strategic plan.
Having a solid strategic direction is imperative for all businesses. Despite this, over 90% of business owners admit that they do not have an up to date business plan. move forward.
This sample pitch-ready presentation provides a great insight into the output of MasterPlan Lean – a visual PowerPoint slide deck that will impress any potential investor, bank, or staff in your business.
Market segmentation is a very important concept in business planning. This document will help you to understand how to break up a large market into a number of smaller markets which have like wants or needs, ultimately allowing you to better target your product towards these groups.
Once you’ve segmented your market, you’ll need to decide what strategies are best suited to target each segment. This document is a great guide for establishing our strategic direction – helping you to ensure your marketing efforts are being executed efficiently and effectively!
“MasterPlan Lean certainly has the WOW factor. I have never seen anything like it. Instant generation of a PowerPoint slide deck and financials saved me hours of time and produced something 10 times better than I could have…..awesome.”
Stephen Indersmith – Active Networks employees in the system. This increases accountability and ensures that you stay on track!
Compile your client’s finished plan into a “bank/investor-ready” slide deck – complete with financial and long-term forecasts.
A common problem when making business plans is that 50% of the priorities or actions identified are either forgotten or ignored. Once you have established your goals and strategies you can assign project-level tasks that will drive accountability in your team.
Within the MasterPlan Lean tool you can create simple budgets, forecasts and financial reports that you and your team will understand.
Try the MAUS MasterPlan Lean software before you buy.
Simply fill in the form to receive instant trial access. No credit card required.A stroll down the boardwalk in Newport Beach, California started out picturesque from the video of Elizabeth Lopez’s livestream. That is until a woman began shouting racist comment at Elizabeth.
“Get it out of your hand now! Drop into your bag!” the woman seethed.
“I thought she might have a mental problem, but there were other people there and she choose to go after me, so I don’t think she is completely mental.” Elizabeth said.
Elizabeth, 28, goes by Tarot Eliza on social media as was discussing meditation with her followers during the stream when the woman began attacking her verbally and physically. Though she is out of the shot the woman can clearly be heard yelling racist remarks.
“She grabbed my hands trying to take my phone. She then told me I had no right to be in California, to go back to my country. Things like that,” Elizabeth said.
When Elizabeth confronts the woman and tell her that she is going to call the police, the woman can be heard saying that she is a police officer and even threatens to break Elizabeth’s arm.
After the police were contacted, they were able to track her down. According to Elizabeth the woman admitted to the attack and that she is looking at misdemeanor assault charges..- » Corporate Compliance Main Page
- » e-Newsletters
- » Compliance Monitor
- » Make a Comment
Another insurer joins the list of those refusing to pay for 'never events'
Compliance Monitor, July 23, 2008
Another insurer joins the list of those refusing to pay for ‘never events’
-Property Report near 98 1629 Kiawe 1629 Kiawe St, Aiea, HI 96701 search the registered offender database
- Good news! No offenders found within 1 mile of 98 1629 Kiawe St, Aiea, HI 96701.
Crime Index for Aiea, HI view report*Crime data is calculated at city level
Schools nearby to 98 1629 Kiawe St, Aiea, HI 96701
- K-12 SchoolsRatingDistance
- Calvary Chapel Christian School (Grades KG-12)
0.17 miles
- Waiau Elementary School (Grades PK-06)
0.47 miles
- Pearl City High School (Grades 09-12)
0.76 miles
- Waimalu Elementary School (Grades PK-06)
0.83 miles
- Momilani Elementary School (Grades PK-06)
0.9 miles
- View All Aiea, HI K-12 SchoolsRotana Jet flights between emirate and capital from Thursday, one-way costing Dh150
A one-way airline ticket is cheaper than a taxi between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?
In the case of Rotana Jet, this is indeed the bargain, as the carrier launches its thrice-weekly flights between the two emirates from August 1, with fares starting at Dh150 for a one-way sector.
A Roads and Transport Authority registered taxi fare can range anywhere between Dh250-Dh300, depending on the drop off point in the capital.
The flights will operate between Dubai’s Terminal Two and Al Bateen Airport in Abu Dhabi, on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Rotana Jet’s Commercial and Planning Director, Rajendran Vellapalath, said: “With the introduction of these flights, we are targeting an untapped market, with business travellers and tourists forming the bulk of our passengers.”
Specifically targeting the tourist market, Rotana Jet is also launching flights from Dubai to Sir Bani Yas Island on the same date with a surge in demand.
He continued: “Earlier in June, we launched the Abu Dhabi-Al Ain and Delma Island flights, which have proven quite successful. But the feedback we received from our tour operators suggested an Abu Dhabi-Dubai route was also in high demand so we listened to our passengers and are launching this service.”
When quizzed, Vellapalath also confirmed that Rotana Jet has partnerships with interline airlines such as Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways, Oman Air and Gulf Air, to provide connecting domestic flights for travellers, “especially the corporates that visit on turnaround trips and are looking for a fast way to commute across the country for business meetings.”
Talks are also on with Emirates, Middle East’s largest carrier, to pen such an interline agreement, said Vellapalath.
Dh150 fares?
With starting one-way fares at Dh150, Vellapalath doesn’t deny the competitive nature of the pricing.
“Yes, the airfare is cheaper than taking a taxi from Dubai to Abu Dhabi, which can range between Dh250-Dh300 easily,” Vellapalath said. “Our plan was never to alienate the regular commuters by structuring steep fares.
“Even our popular Abu Dhabi-Fujairah flights cost between Dh200 and Dh300, which is cheaper than a three-hour taxi ride that can easily cross Dh650 one way.”
Plus, frequent passengers can also purchase flight coupons, which can garner an additional 25 per cent discount on the published fares.
However, with fuel historically making up for 35-40 per cent of a carrier’s total cost, can rising costs eventually affect fares in the long run?
Quiz Vellapalath and he doesn’t rule out the possibility, however, adding: “As capacity increases, we should be able to offset such rises.”
A 50-seat Embraer Jet aircraft will be utilised on the route, Vellapalath stating: “It should take us six months to reach between 80-90 per cent passenger capacity on our flights.”
Also on the flightplan is connectivity to Ras Al Khaimah, he confirmed.
Vellapalath added that the airline will take delivery of a “couple” of new aircraft in October.
Island tourism
In a bid to boost Abu Dhabi’s island tourism, passengers will also utilise the 50-seat Embraer Jet aircraft from Dubai to Sir Bani Yas Island from August 1.
The Dubai-Sir Bani Yas Island flights will also operate thrice weekly, on Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Ahmed Al Fahim, Executive Director of Marketing, Communications, Sales and Leasing at TDIC, said in a statement: .”
Sir Bani Yas also features the Desert Islands Resort & Spa by Anantara, with tourists and residents flocking to the island for a weekend away and a chance to indulge in various activities, ranging from a nature and wildlife safari to diving.
Additionally, the island also serves as a weekend away for UAE residents and tourists looking for pampering with the Anantara Spa.
Of late, the island is also pitching itself to business travellers for corporate activities.
Established in 2011, Rotana Jet group offers scheduled passenger air services, executive private charters, cargo and aircraft engineering.
Last year, the airline became the UAE’s first domestic carrier with the inauguration of services between Al-Bateen Airport and Sir Bani Yas Island.
Rotana Jet currently operates scheduled flights to Delma Island, Fujairah and Al Ain, in addition to Sir Bani Yas Island.Iberia Sports provides the best destinations for water polo training camps
Water sports are a big tradition in Spain. Barcelona hosted the swimming world cup in 2013, for example. With top swimming pools all over Spain, both indoor as well as outdoor, the athletes can focus the full 100% on training. A big selection of destinations with 50 m pools , which are all located on the beach side or in the heart of the city Barcelona.
Unfortunately we don't offer this combination. You can find the locations we offer, under your specific sports.Gibraltar’s brightest future is IN the European Union Kingdom, will be asked to go to a polling station and draw a cross in one of two boxes. The question on the ballot paper will be whether the United Kingdom should remain in the European Union or should leave the European Union.
This simple act could have profound consequences for decades to come. The final decision reached on June 23rd is likely to be the most important political decision many of us will make in our lifetimes; bigger than any general election and significant enough to transcend local party-political divide.
The harsh reality is that on June 24th we will either remain in the European Union under the terms negotiated by the Prime Minister earlier this year or UK will commence negotiations for our exit. It is as simple as that.
VOTE TO REMAIN
There is, however, only one choice that is in Gibraltar’s best interests and that is a vote to remain in the EU.
This is my personal opinion that I have reached after weighing up all the facts and the evidence. It is also the policy of the Government, of the Parliament and of all the political parties in Gibraltar.
The EU is the basis for our economic prosperity and stability, it offers us a legal framework of security against a hostile neighbour and it safeguards our fundamental freedoms, including the right to freedom of movement. On the other hand, voting to leave would be a leap in the dark and would kick-start years of instability and uncertainty as the long, drawn-out negotiations with the remaining 27 EU member states unfold.
The consequences in the event of a leave vote would be serious. Gibraltar has enjoyed special terms of membership since we joined Europe in 1973 enshrined in Articles 28 and 29 of the UK Act of Accession. Those terms of membership were negotiated at a time when virtually nobody in Europe knew much about Gibraltar and those who knew clearly did not care.
AT THE MERCY OF SPAIN
The great political advantage we enjoyed at the time was that Spain was not a Member of the EEC. In the event of a vote to leave the European Union the roles would be reversed. Spain would be firmly inside the EU and we would be the ones seeking to piggy-back on the renegotiation of the UK’s relationship. That is not a good position to be in.
History has shown in a whole range of different international fora what happens when Spain is inside and when we try to join. The lengthy legal struggle to secure admission into UEFA is a case in point. We have not yet managed to join FIFA or the International Olympic Committee.
A vote in favour of leaving risks placing Gibraltar’s interests on a platter before Mr Margallo or whoever happens to be the Foreign Minister in Madrid at the time. Indeed, the spectre of shared sovereignty or of a closed border have already been mooted by our neighbours to the north. This is not scaremongering. It is a statement of intent.
ARTICLE 50 PROCEDURE
In the event of a vote to exit, once the United Kingdom gives notice of its intention to leave, Gibraltar would be dragged behind London even if the vote here has gone differently. No Member State has left the European Union before. The exit provisions laid out in Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union have never been used.
The United Kingdom would lose its seat on the Council as soon as it notifies the EU of its intention to exit. However, it would remain in the European Union until the moment of departure. This means that if the negotiations take more than two years, as it is widely predicted, then the UK remains subject to EU law without a voice around the table for all that period of time. This is, in fact, the very scenario that those who want to leave the European Union have been complaining about. The irony is that it would be brought about by a vote to exit and not by a vote to remain.
So, the argument being made by the Vote Leave campaign that the UK would gain power and sovereignty back from Europe by leaving is the complete opposite of what would happen; Leaving Europe hands over power to Brussels. Only by remaining in Europe do we retain the right to have a say in how European law and the other crucial decisions that affect us are made. This is a point that needs to be stressed.
These are just the most basic reasons why Gibraltar - and the UK as a whole - is stronger in Europe. A vote to remain is the best way to ensure a bright future for ourselves, our children and our grandchildren. This is why we have all declared our wholehearted support for the Gibraltar Stronger In Europe campaign. I strongly urge anyone who is in any doubt as to how they should vote on the 23rd June to visit their premises at 190/192 Main Street and talk to their very well-informed team.
LOBBY CONTACTS IN THE UK
Just as important is for each and every one of us to act as ambassadors and make the case for a vote to remain and to talk to our friends and families about the importance of making the effort to vote on the 23rd June. It is particularly important to point out the dangers for Gibraltar to family and friends who live in the United Kingdom. We have used this network of contacts many times in the past to lobby successfully on different issues. The time has come to make use of it again.
The EU is not perfect, and nobody claims that it is. However, only a vote to remain will give us the historic opportunity to reform it. Whatever the result on the 23rd June, the weeks and months that will follow are sure to be filled with long and complex discussions between all EU member states in a reconsideration of what the future of the EU will look like. The package for EU reform agreed by Prime Minister David Cameron in February will serve as a catalyst.
Through your Government’s lobbying efforts in both London and Brussels, Gibraltar has been afforded the right to vote alongside the United Kingdom in this crucial referendum. The significance of this should not be underestimated and it is extremely important that Gibraltarians exercise this right to vote on the 23rd June. Our votes matter.
EVERY VOTE WILL COUNT
In order to put this into perspective, it will be recalled that in 2014 Sir Graham Watson did not secure re-election in to the European Parliament by some 5000 votes and that many more than 5000 of our electors here did not vote at all. We can make a difference in the right circumstances by turning up to vote.
Therefore while it is true that Gibraltar will only form a tiny percentage of the total UK votes, with the UK Opinion Polls showing that the result could swing either way, every vote matters. Perhaps more significantly, a high voter turnout in Gibraltar will leave no doubt as to how much the EU means to Gibraltar: it is embedded in our political, economic and cultural history and, no matter what side of the fence you may sit on, nobody can deny that this referendum will have serious consequences for our future.
An overwhelming Gibraltarian vote for the UK to remain in the EU, however, will give significant moral credibility to the case that a potential exit would be against our wishes as a political community. This would strengthen Gibraltar’s lobbying power in any post-referendum negotiations that will be conducted by the UK, either within a reformed EU or otherwise, and help us push for the terms and conditions that would preserve a solid, mutually-beneficial relationship with the EU as far as possible. David Cameron has, of course, been a good friend to Gibraltar in the past and, being British, we expect our rights and interests to be defended and preserved by the UK, regardless of our EU status.
OUR FUTURE LIES IN EUROPE
Over the next two months every Commonwealth and Irish citizen resident in the UK and Gibraltar, including Gibraltarians, will be weighing up the pros and cons of continued EU membership. My mind - and the minds of Gibraltar’s entire political and business community - has been made up; Gibraltar’s brightest future lies in the European Union.
Even in Gibraltar, however, a strong voter turnout and a majority vote to remain cannot and must not be taken for granted.
It is up to us all to check that our names are on the Register of Electors, to apply for a postal or proxy vote if needed, and to ensure that we exercise our right to vote on 23rd June. Only by exercising this right can we make Gibraltar’s voice heard loud and clear in London and Brussels.Hi, I'm Emily.
I create content at Vimeo.
Before that, I worked in education technology, and spent a lot of time in the stacks as a public and academic librarian.
I also teach indoor cycling classes part time (with swell playlists, to boot).
In my downtime, I like to cook, travel, and humbly watch “Only Connect.”As a LaSalle College Fashion Design alumni, Milan Tanedjikov is a passionate worker!
Now teacher lecturer at LaSalle College, he spoke to us about his collaboration with Estelle Gervais, one of his former students who created THEFINEPRINT Magazine.
"I started with a DEC in Fashion Design at LaSalle College. Then I worked in the industry as an assistant designer. After that experience, I decided that I needed more knowledge beyond design, because I had always wanted to start my own company. So then I went and got a bachelor’s degree in fashion management and design.
In 2003, I started my own brand, Perplex et Lola. After the brand expanded and I sold my shares, I returned to Concordia University for a master’s degree in design and taught at the College while working on my degree. My role is to help design and track Fashion Design students’ final projects. So, I start projects with them and support them as they prepare for the Signature event, which I co-produce. I’m lucky to be working with students in all kinds of classes. I love doing that!
I teach at LaSalle College in the UQAM École supérieure de mode, as well as at Concordia University. Although I can be disorganized at times, I’m also an experienced business executive and I know how to coordinate creative processes to create new, interesting projects. But, I have trouble doing repetitive tasks. I like that I'm appreciated for who I am here. Everyone has their strengths.
As an teacher, I’ve developed a network of talented young people, which gives me opportunities to collaborate on interesting projects. One of the people I’ve met is Estelle Gervais, a former LaSalle College Fashion Design student who created a magazine called THEFINEPRINT.
She saw that I was someone who could see potential in a printed magazine and asked me to help her with the business side of the project. Together, we make a perfect team. She created the first edition by herself and I worked with her on the second edition.
We approached several international distributors and they were all very interested or responded directly with a contract. That made us want to continue exploring this print market. We have an agreement with a distributor in London, among others. Many copies of the magazine will be distributed during fashion week in London. This is excellent visibility and a huge success for Estelle.
I have fun with these kinds of collaborative projects and can keep up-to-date while I continue teaching. Students often want to know what their teachers are doing, if they’re still working in the industry, and that’s very important for me. I don’t want to lose touch.
Students are motivated if they know that I can help them make connections in the industry. For example, I was able to include professional-level content in THEFINEPRINT that was produced by students here. One of these students is now in London. The magazine combines fashion, graphic design, social movements and political impact.
To close, I suggest you keep in contact with your network of professors. It’s the best way to get access to the industry. When I was in school, I participated in all kinds of competitions and extracurricular activities with the instructors so that when I contacted them later, they remembered how involved I was and helped open doors for me.
To be successful, you need to have lots of perseverance and most importantly, lots of practice. You don’t become the best just because you’ve successfully completed one project in a class. You become really good by spending tens of thousands of hours practicing so you can get up to the speed at which you’ll need to complete projects to be interesting to the industry.
Design has become a complicated field. It’s no longer just about making clothing. It’s about making clothing that follows environmental and social impact standards, such as choosing whether to produce goods locally or overseas, for example."Sometimes a traffic stop can lead to additional charges. A driver and his passenger from Peekskill, New York, are now facing both impaired driving and drug charges in Putnam County after a traffic stop about a week ago revealed that the 31-year-old male driver was allegedly operating the vehicle without a license and the 30-year-old female passenger was allegedly in possession of PCP.
To further complicate the matter, the driver has reportedly had two prior convictions for driving with ability impairment within the last 10 years and had his license revoked as a result. This being his third similar offense, authorities charged him with a felony count of DWAI. He also faces a felony charge of first-degree aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle. His passenger faces a Class A misdemeanor charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance in the seventh degree.
Following processing at the Putnam County Correctional Facility, a judge remanded the driver there on no bail due to his past felony convictions. It is known that the driver has an upcoming court appearance scheduled, but the exact date and time are unavailable. Authorities issued the passenger an appearance ticket to the Town of Southeast Justice Court and released her on her own recognizance.
The traffic stop took place on a Saturday evening in the community of Southeast, New York, when a law enforcement officer noticed several traffic violations on Route 22. Authorities conducted an investigation upon learning of the driver’s criminal record and lack of a license, which led to the discovery of the drugs that the passenger allegedly possessed.
It is impossible to overstate the severity of DWAI offenses, which means that those facing charges related to impaired driving may find it useful to contact an attorney.As Connecticut moves toward legalizing marijuana for recreational purposes, a new bill thrusts the equitable treatment of communities of color — and other groups adversely affected by the failed war on drugs — into the center of the debate.
Rep. Robyn Porter, D-New Haven, and Sen. Julie Kushner, D-Danbury — co-chairs of the legislature’s labor committee — raised a 24-page bill earlier this week that would appropriate state funds to develop a legal cannabis pipeline for workers previously convicted of cannabis crimes.
The bill would also allow local Native American tribes to open cannabis operations, authorize UConn to grow its cannabis research programs and — notably — permit each adult in a household to grow up to six marijuana plants at home.
.”
Other provisions include the establishment of an equity task force and a permanent, independent regulatory agency called the Cannabis Control Commission; strict protections for workers against retaliation for cannabis consumption away from the workplace and other types of discrimination; and language that prevents municipalities from treating cannabis stores differently than other businesses.
The bill, which has four additional co-sponsors, provides the opening remarks in a longer conversation about legal cannabis, as Gov. Ned Lamont is expected to release his proposal sometime later.
Kushner confirmed that Lamont’s office and several committees were also working on incorporating equity provisions into marijuana legislation.
“I think we’re all optimistic that we can pull together the various pieces of this to make sure that we have the best bill possible when we bring it to the legislature,” Kushner said. “There’s been very good conversations regarding equity and labor peace. ... We want to get it right, right from the beginning, and I believe the governor’s office does as well.”
Proponents of legal cannabis in Connecticut said there’s a better than average chance a bill will pass in 2021, while opponents insist old barriers still haven’t been removed.
House Republican Leader Vincent Candelora, R-North Branford, an opponent of what he calls high-THC “commercialized” cannabis, has said that social equity provisions, including the expungement of convictions for possession of small amounts, were not a stumbling block.
Candelora has also said he prefers the grow-your-own model that’s being used in 18 states and the District of Columbia.
In crafting the legislation, lawmakers collaborated with Connecticut United for Reform And Equity (CURE-CT), a cannabis equity advocacy group. A public hearing on the bill is scheduled for Tuesday.
Jason Ortiz of CURE-CT, who is also president of the Minority Cannabis Business Association and a Hartford resident, said Connecticut needs to “address the damage it did to our communities through its participation in the war on drugs.”
“The conversation around legalizing cannabis will best happen through strong leadership from communities of color, and frankly our approach will create more revenue, generate more jobs and empower more entrepreneurs than any previous version of legalization in the state,” Ortiz said.
Recreational cannabis has been legal in Massachusetts for several years. New Jersey is the most recent state on the eastern seaboard to legalize marijuana, by ballot initiative, and New York lawmakers appear ready to follow suit.
Latest Politics
Connecticut, however, has been slower to act; three separate bills adding up to a comprehensive package made it out of committee in 2019 but never got called for a floor vote. Lamont introduced legislation in 2020 that received a hearing in the judiciary committee before the coronavirus pandemic shut down the session.
Members of the Black and Puerto Rican caucus, including Sen. Douglas McCrory of Hartford and Sen. Gary Winfield of New Haven, have said they would not vote for any cannabis bill that did not contain equity provisions.
Any new proposal would need 76 House votes and 19 Senate votes in order to pass. If there’s an 18-18 tie in the Senate, Lt. Gov. Susan Bysiewicz could be the deciding vote.
Michael Hamad can be reached at mhamad@courant.com.We are pleased to announced that we have been chosen to present at SXSW Eco conference in Austin, TX, October 6-8, 2014, regarding our research and sustainability strategies within youth culture markets. The presentation is called #TheSustainables: Youth Culture’s DIY Future. Today’s youth culture of 13-25-year-olds represent a new generation with different ideals from growing-up […]Your shopping cart is empty!
The Millstone Peated PX Sherry is a lightly peated Dutch single malt whisky from Zuidam Distillers. It was distilled in 2016 and matured in first and second fill Pedro Ximenez shrry casks. It was bottled in 2020 at 46% ABV, non chill filtered and with no added colour.
No tasting notes available.Developed in conjunction with Ext-Joom.com
Sound Anthology (The Sonic Clock) is an electroacoustic sound work centered on the relationship between light and time, mediated by music. The sound work constitutes of twelve sound-paintings related to each of the 12hours of the daytime chronological cycle.
The interaction of the sound diffusion with the daily light is essential to the compositional hourly music features: according to the daylight intensity, a parallel processing occurs to the realtime sound processing.
Lt's go in detail over the music compostion.
For each San Petronio Cathedral's chime there's a sound sequence that "strikes",
Each sound sequence is articulated as a 'musical variation' of a complete composition that only "strikes" at midday and midnight.People walking by Piazza Maggiore at a given time of the day, will be listening to a sound fragment of the overal composition, re-articulated by the interactive software based on a light-driven logic.Each piece had a total duration corresponding to the time of the day, a duration that spans from 1 minute at 1pm up to twelve minutes at 12pm - with the exposure of the full compositional cycleThe sound diffusion was implemented by pre-existing sound emitters which are normally used for public communication, with the evident goal of reshaping a conventional tool to become an symbolic medium.
June 26th/October 18th 2015Interactive Sound…
A sound and immersive urban…Listing Agent
Mark Castley
Sales Director
Mark has been involved in Real Estate now for over 15 years where he has coached, mentored and...
Key Information
Location
:
Dubai South, Dubai
Ref. No.
LP0456
Description
LuxuryProperty.com is delighted to present this charming two-bedroom apartment at Urbana, located in the Emaar South residential district of Dubai South.
The apartment benefits from a contemporary layout and an open plan space in the ground floor living area. The bedrooms are spacious and comfortable, and every room of the home is framed by floor-to-ceiling windows that look out onto spectacular views of the surrounding community. A cool palette ties the space together, contrasted by rich wooden accents that add elegance and warmth.
The tree-lined pathways of Urbana lead to exceptional lifestyle amenities such as swimming pools and fitness areas. The centrepiece of Emaar South, the gorgeous Emaar South golf club, is also only a short walk away. As a complete family-oriented community, Urbana also offers easy access to premium education and healthcare options, along with a choice selection of retail and dining outlets. Located near the site of Expo 2020, Emaar South will be a hive of activity in the years to come and is on its way to becoming a key destination for visitors to Dubai.
This marvellous apartment could be an excellent primary or secondary residences in Dubai for our very discerning clients or a fantastic investment option.
At LuxuryProperty.com we offer a bespoke property finder service for all your real estate needs for Urbana, Dubai South apartment. We are not just property advisors we pride ourselves on our friendly and professional approach making your next property move an easy one.
Dubai South is a beautiful master community in Dubai comprising villas, apartments and townhouses near the site of Expo 2020.
Fabulous Luxury Apartment, Panoramic Views, Urbana in South Dubai
AED 1,015,888The Maria Sibylla Merian Center of Advanced Latin American Studies (CALAS) is announcing up to five research scholarships located at the headquarters of CALAS in Guadalajara, Mexico. The scholarships are connected to the think tank “The Anthropocene as Multiple Crises: Latin American Perspectives” and involve residencies of 3 to 8 months between March of 2022 and August of 2023. In accord with the program of investigations of CALAS, it is expected that the applicants contribute to the development of new methodological and analytical foci to understand the Anthropocene from Latin American, and the Caribbean and from the Social Sciences and the Humanities. During their stay in Guadalajara, applicants are asked to write an essay of 35,000 words with a unique and innovative perspective about the theme of the Anthropocene.
Thematic Focus
The concept of the Anthropocene was coined by Crutzen, a Dutch atmospheric chemist, and Stoermer, an U.S. biologist, in May 2000. Both scientists observed the profound modifications humans had been making in the environment and intended to express the planetary scope of these anthropogenic changes with the neologism. The Anthropocene, they suggested, was hence a new geological epoch in which humans, by their sheer numbers, put unprecedented amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere through the mass-use of fossil fuels and by the large-scale extraction of non-renewable resources. Further processes by which humans have now come to change all spheres of the planet (such as plastic pollution, ocean acidification, species extinction, water source depletion etc.) form part of the multiple crises of the Anthropocene.
From the standpoint of Latin America and the Social Sciences/Humanities, the Anthropocene and its pre-history cannot be separated from coloniality, the emergence of the capitalist world system, and racial capitalism. The criticism of European/Western capitalism as a driver of the Anthropocene goes hand in hand with a radical criticism of European/Western modernity and the recognition that the Anthropocene puts an abrupt end to teleological notions of “development,” “progress,” and “civilization” of the European model.
In the Global North, the discussion of the Anthropocene as a new geological epoch quickly focused on the question of when this new age should begin. Geologists have established specific criteria for determining such epochs, which concern data from sediments, and do not necessarily coincide with the dating criteria of historians. Nevertheless, the beginning of the Anthropocene is now proposed with broad agreement to begin from 1950 onwards under the term “Great Acceleration” named due to the rapid increase of polluting activities that make up the crisis of the Anthropocene occurring at that time. However, if there is a “Great Acceleration,” this also implies a phase of slower aggregation of these “anthropocenic” processes. Precisely because so many of the extractivist-capitalist practices that are a part of the Western, “Enlightened” energy model, and cultural setup had their origins in Latin America and the Caribbean, one is compelled to look at the pre-history of the Anthropocene since 1492.
We would like to encourage the following reflections: How can one conceptualize the temporalities of the concept of the Anthropocene? And what is its impact for historical thinking? What could be the specific impact of the Social Sciences and Humanities in the Anthropocene-debate? What insights and theoretical-conceptual inputs might be found from different Latin American perspectives? How are racial and environmental justice implicated in the Anthropocene? And how can we break away from historically-grown systemic racism, vulnerability, and inequalities? How can we rethink interrelations between humans and nature? How do different social actors cope with the multiple crises of the Anthropocene? And what creative (even if only partial) solutions could they find that can stand as models for other regions of the world?
For more information on CALAS, go to the Center's website:
Application
The following documents are required in English or Spanish:
- Completed Application Form.
- Cover letter explaining how the project fits into the CALAS research program and what your expectations are.
- Presentation of an innovative publication project (long essay) and a defense of the contribution to the Anthropocene debate, including timeline and work plan, with a maximum of 10 bibliographic sources (max. 5 pages/2,000 words).
- Two-page curriculum vitae with list of relevant publications.
- Copy of doctoral certificate.
Important dates:
- Opening of the call: May 1, 2021.
- Closing date: July 12, 2021.
- Decision: September 30, 2021.
- Start of the fellowship: between March 2021 and May 2023. (The laboratory closes in August 2023).
Submission of documents:
Applications (in Spanish or English) should be sent as a single pdf-file to the following email address: calas-antropoceno@uni-bielefeld.de, Reference: CALAS Antropoceno
Due to the number of applications, rejections cannot be justified.
For more information:
Centro Maria Sibylla Merian de Estudios Latinoamericanos Avanzados, tel. +52 33 3819 3000 (ext. 23594), Ann-Kathrin Volmer: calas-antropoceno@uni-bielefeld.deHow To Tell Your Children You’re Getting A Divorce
Divorce is already a complex and intricate process. Now add [...]
How Much Should You Save In An Emergency Fund After A Divorce?
You have probably heard how important it is to have [...]
Signs You Might Need To Get Divorced
Divorce is not something to be ashamed of. Sometimes, a [...]
Child Custody In A Military Divorce
Contested custody cases are some of the most fraught matters [...]
Blindsided By Divorce
Every couple fights. It’s an inevitable part of humans living [...]
Recent Posts
SearchNot all heroes wear capes. For the endangered Sunda pangolin, one of the last surviving native mammals in Singapore, their heroes are 500 children aged 5 to 6 from Kinderland Preschools.
On 27 August 2016 at Singapore Zoo, more than 1,500 children, parents, teachers and staff, pooled in their efforts and sold handmade crafts, home-baked cookies and conducted exciting games and activities at the ‘I Love Pangolins’ Carnival.
A whopping $12,800 was raised and donated to the Wildlife Reserves Singapore Conservation Fund to help save the Sunda pangolin and other endangered native wildlife.
Kinderland children made handicrafts and sold them at the ‘I Love Pangolins’ Carnival.
(Photos courtesy of Beanstalk Singapore, ECDA)
Children painting the backdrop for the photo booth.
The community project is part of ECDA’s (Early Childhood Development Agency) ‘Start Small Dream Big’ initiative, which encourages young children to give back to society.
Supported by Wildlife Reserves Singapore (WRS), the project was an exciting experiential learning journey for the children to broaden their knowledge about pangolins; it included a meet-and-greet session with Pangolina, a rescued female pangolin at the Singapore Zoo.
Children learned about the pangolins and other endangered animals at the Singapore Zoo.
Ms Rekha Nair, Education Curator of WRS said, “We are very proud of the collaboration with Kinderland. Over 1000 children have become Little Pangolin Ambassadors under the ‘I Love Pangolins’ project, and they are no doubt bright sparks for the future of this critically endangered species and other native wildlife.”
Our Pangolin Ambassadors shared with guests what they learned about conservation of pangolins.
Minister for Social and Family Development, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin, who graced the event, was encouraged by the overwhelming response from Kinderland children, parents and teachers to the ‘Start Small, Dream Big’ initiative.
Minister for Social and Family Development, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin, was encouraged to see the overwhelming response and families’ active involvement at the event.
Our Little Pangolin Ambassadors at the Cheque Presentation Ceremony with Mr Seet Lee Kiang, General Manager of Kinderland International Education and Mr Mike Barclay, CEO of Wildlife Reserves Singapore.DanielDeveloper
I decided to experiment a bit with my development practices, specifically on how I mix application code-writing with test-writing. A test-first approach is quite common nowadays; you write a test and then hammer your code until it passes the test, then refactor. But is this test driven development (TDD)? Supposedly yes, but why would you call that test driven development and not just test first development? I decided to try out an approach that combines tests first and outside-in wishful programming that I believe adds the driven to TDD, if you would like to know how to do this and what I concluded from my experience then read on.
How?
You start from the acceptance test level, deciding which is the next test you’ll tackle, writing only that test. Write the test wishfully, assuming you have all that you need, classes, methods, routes, tables, etc. Presume everything works the way it should work. Run the test; it will fail. The error will tell you what is missing or working differently than you hoped. Fix the issue. Run the test again and repeat until you get a passing test. Move on to the next test.
Every time you add a function or modify some code to fix the test error, do it with confidence, assuming all dependencies are met. The idea is that every bit of code you write is directly related to a test error. You don’t create a button until the test says the button could not be found, you don’t create a model class until you get a class not found exception, you don’t create the database table until you don’t get a table not found exception, you don’t add a route until you get a 404 Not Found or invalid method exception, etc. This will make you dig in from the outside, but every step inwards is only taken when the test requires it, and hence driven.
If at any point you need to add or modify business logic, first write a unit test, then using this same method as described previously get this test to pass and run your acceptance test again.
Pros
The best part is that you get really good test coverage, you are not writing code unless the test tells you to, so it’s less likely you’ll end up with untested code or unused code. Using this approach it’s easy to know what to do next as the test tells you, meaning less time spent deciding on which path to take. Finding it hard to write the “as a user I can edit my profile” feature for the 20th time in your career? No problem, as this approach is like having somebody poking you and telling you what to do until you are done.
Cons
The wishful aspect can involve a lot of heavy lifting when you are working on the first test for a feature or project. You’ll find as you dig in that so many things you wish you had are missing. In particular, if you are trying this with a legacy codebase, it can become a rolling snowball. You can compensate for this by carefully choosing which feature and which test to start with. Alternatively you could be less strict on the wishful aspect of this approach and allow yourself in some cases to use what you currently have and come back to it in a reiteration. It can also be annoying when code fails silently, like functions not complaining when you add in a new parameter which is ignored, as the test will move on to the next step and fail in the wrong place.
Conclusion
It’s a good approach if you’re not too strict. It can be hard to not look forwards and implement something you will need but hasn’t yet been requested by the test. If you do give it a try you could also play the “Guess what’s the next error” game, it lets you know how much you understand of what’s going on and you get a treat each time you’re right.
Magical Montara
Offered at $1,725,000 -- SOLD for $2,010,000
This beautiful contemporary split-level home offers a reverse floorplan and approximately 2,460 square feet of livable space. With four bedrooms and three bathrooms, this spacious home is filled with character and distinctive detail.
Ascend the staircase to the top floor and discover a bright and roomy living room with vaulted wood beam ceilings, stunning brick work, a gas fireplace with stone hearth, travertine, and hickory flooring and majestic white-water views of Montara beach and mountain.
Prepare your meals as you gaze at the mountain range in its well-appointed gourmet kitchen featuring Dacor and Kenmore Elite stainless-steel appliances, stylish wood cabinetry and stunning countertop finishes. Dine in the light-filled rustic dining room or access the elevated viewing deck to enjoy the vistas and fresh coastal breezes.
Retire to the primary bedroom offering a private bath, large closet, and custom plantation shutter window treatments. The top floor also provides two additional bedrooms and a full bath. Descend to the first floor and enter a spacious entertainment room with built-in sound system. Custom cabinets, wine refrigerator and an elegant, gated wine grotto.
This level also offers a charming fourth bedroom with horizontal wood accent wall, large closet and French doors opening to the fenced back patio and yard with inviting hot tub, wood deck and maintenance free green turf.
Oversee your day-to-day in the stylish laundry room with eye-catching LG washer and dryer, sink and cabinets to conveniently store all of your household items. This is not your typical laundry room.
Enter the attached two-car garage offering a top-tier Craftsmen work bench, additional storage space and two bays for your vehicles.
This wonderful home is located just minutes from Montara State Beach, about 40 minutes from San Francisco and the mid-peninsula. Close to Hwy One, Devil’s slide and about 15 minutes to Pacifica.
It’s all here waiting for you in magical Montara, hiking, biking, surf, sand, and sunsets!
Offered at $1,725,000Kauffer's Covers: The Book Jackets and Covers of Edward McKnight Kauffer
Descripció
Edward McKnight Kauffer, although an American, is considered one of the most important graphic designers in Britain in the first half of the 20th century. He had come to Europe to develop a career as a painter, but stranded in England with the onset of WW1, he decided to stay. In need of an income he tried his hand as a graphic designer and was lucky enough to get commissions from Frank Pickof London Transport. He became its most prolific poster designer. Although best known as a designer of advertisements and posters - a neglected but not at all insignificant part of his output - both when he was in England and after he returned to America in 1939, was his designing book jackets. One of the first artists to work in this media he produced challenging modernist designs which stood out from others, particularly when compared with the realistic often romanticised images then current in the States.This book is the first on this aspect of his work, including illustrations of some 250 jackets and an account of the publishers who commissioned..
Anesthesia Technologist Technical … – Stony Brook Medicine
Anesthesia Technologist Technical Standards. Stony Brook University complies with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act. If a prospective student who is otherwise qualified requires a reasonable accommodation, he/she should contact Student Accessibility Support Center at Stony Brook University.
Anesthesia Technology Concentration – Stony Brook Medicine
Questions about admissions, contact Dr. Zelizer at 631-444-6158 or deborah.zelizer@stonybrook.edu. Anesthesia Technology (AT) Program Mission Statement: The mission of the AT program is to develop the knowledge, attitudes, skills and competencies required to function as an integral member of an anesthesia team in diverse surgical settings.
Anesthesia Technology Program. Anesthesia Technology Interns graduate with a Bachelor degree in Health Science, Anesthesia Technology major in the SHTM at SBU. AT interns are registered and matriculated in the SHTM and the Department of Anesthesiology to learn as Anesthesia Technologists. The Post Baccalaureate Anesthesia Technology Clinical …
Anesthesia Technologist | HCARE – Stony Brook University
Anesthesia technologists assist with preparation of a patient for anesthesia and surgery and prepare and maintain the operating room equipment for use by the anesthesiologist. Where do they work? Anesthesia technologists work in environments where patients need to have anesthesia (operating rooms, surgical centers, physician offices, etc.).
Anesthesia Technology – Stony Brook University Hospital
Anesthesia Technology. HAN 481: Introduction to Anesthesiology (2 credits) Introduces the basics of the anesthesia specialty. Defines the role of the anesthesia specialist as an integral part of the patient care team. Through the use of lecture, video, tour, and hand-on demonstration, students will gain a working knowledge of how to assist …2021 REGISTRATION FEES: (in U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank)
On/Before
November 19
After
November 19
Register Online Now
LOGIN INFORMATION TO ACCESS THE WORKSHOP.
The virtual event platform is housed within AAAE.org and will require the registrant’s AAAE.org username and password. The AAAE.org username/password of administrative assistants or others who register their colleague(s) will not provide access to the virtual event. Only the AAAE.org username/password of the individual registered will gain entry.
This course will provide credits in the AAAE Continuing Airport Management Education Unit (CEU) program for Accredited Airport Executives (A.A.E.'s). The number of credits available will be announced when registration opens.
AAAE retains records for 5 years for these workshops. These records include: Program outline/materials, records of participation, date and location of presentations, number of credits earned by participants, results of program evaluation, instructors, discussion leaders or program authors names and credentials.
CANCELLATION POLICY: Registrations, cancellations and refund requests must be submitted in writing. All cancellation requests for registrations received on or before Wednesday, December 1,.
By registering for and attending any AAAE event, you agree that your image may be used at any time, without further notification, for printed materials, web sites, social media and other marketing purposes..
Register Now
Code of Conduct>>
400mL Shower Gel
A scrumptious, skin-softening body wash that leaves limbs kissed with vanilla. Shower Gel is part of the Floral Fragrance Family. Floral fragrances are classic and graceful, defined by fresh cut flowers, solifores (single floral notes) or bouquets with fruity highlights or powdery softness.
Discover more Floral.This design proposal is made as part of a future linear park in Yangon, Myanmar. The Gyo Byu Pipeline cuts through the urban fabric of Yangon and acts as a unique ‘pedestrian highway’ for the local population. Our friends at Blue Temple have engaged in a range of design research activities that advocate for the use of bamboo architecture to transform this infrastructure into a series of community spaces for activities related to educational programs, urban farming, sport and more. A node of this linear park, our proposed bamboo structure will allow local school children who use the pipeline every day to get to class to have a covered outdoor playground and will provide urban farmers who work the surrounding fields to have a market place to sell their produce. As part of the greater project vision, our aim with this design is to help convince the City Development Committee to allow use of the restricted space surrounding the pipeline for the benefit of the neighbours and their activities.
LOCATION | Gyo Byu Pipeline – Yangon, Myanmar See Map
LEAD DESIGN TEAM | Kristof Crolla, Julien Klisz.
PROGRAM | Event SpaceTop Quality Secondhand Store
Exclusive Products
Furniture
Maungaturoto 2ndhand shop stocks a wide range of preloved furniture for everyones style. Be it retro/vintage to edwardian. Original pieces to replicas. Cheap useful furniture to pricey trendy items!
Antiques and collectables
Maungaturoto 2ndhand shop has a large range of antiques and collectables. Vintage and retro styles and strange unknown things from times past.
Books
Here we have a large range of books to cater for everyones taste. New and old, fiction and non fiction, easy reading and timeless. Even picture books for the page flicker!
Clothing and accessories
We also have a stylish preloved range of clothing and accessories. Lots of styles, brands and sizes. For men, women, kids and babies.
Tools
We have a wide range of secondhand tools here. Garden tools, automotive tools, household tools, industrial tools, farming tools and whatever we can get our hands on!
Kitchenware
Our secondhand shop also offers a great selection of kitchenware. Pots and pans, bakeware, utensils, plates, cups and glasses, platters and bowls, kitchen gadgets, plasticware, jars and bottles, and lots more. We have items for the collector as well as for the new flat!
Bedroom and Linen
Maungaturoto 2ndhand shop has secondhand beds and bedroom furniture. Also bedroom, bathroom and kitchen linen. Sheets, duvet covers, cushions and pillows, towels, teatowels, tablecloths and more.
Supreme Coffee
We serve Supreme hot coffee, hot chocolate and a range of tes.
Buyers and sellers of quality second hand goods.
Here at Maungaturoto 2ndhand shop we have secondhand furniture, books, toys, clothing, antiques and collectables, bedding, linen, kitchenware, vintage, gifts and a whole lot more. We source our stock from all over New Zealand and find some interesting old relics as well as new trendy items!
We have a large eclectic warehouse to browse and also offer a range of hot coffee and other drinks from our menu to enjoy while you do.
We buy houselots, deceased estates and downsizing lots. Call for a quote today 094318440.
We also greatly accept donations as we like to give back to our community.- Publication date:May 2016
A third of CAB clients find themselves digitally excluded, according to new research.Spotlight:
-:
- CAS responsePublication date:March 2016
CAS has responded to the Social Security Advisory Committee's consultation on Decision Making and Mandatory Reconsideration..
- Publication date:February 2016
CAS has recently responded to a consultation by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) on aids and appliances and the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment (PIP).
-.
Brexit: We've produced advice on what Brexit means for people living in Scotland. We'll keep updating our advice as more Brexit changes are announced.Samples | November 23rd, 2021
Savvy Sample: Free Wawa Coffee every Tuesday.Region: Wawa has more than 900 locations across the United States.How to Claim: Sign up for Wawa Rewards and claim every Tuesday until December 28, 2021.Bonus Info: Earn rewards on purchase as a Wawa Rewards member.
Don't let the bustle of the holidays wear you down. This is the time of the year to keep your spirits and stay in a festive mood. Thanks to Wawa, you’ll be able to take advantage of a free coffee offer that will keep you going strong.
Those of you who don’t drink coffee can find a wide range of other free samples by clicking here. Check out all of the newest samples before they’re gone!
With all the holiday festivities happening, it's easy to get tired before the week ends. That's where Wawa wants to help. Every Tuesday, right after the Monday slump, claim a free hot or handcrafted iced coffee of any size! You will be looking forward to every Tuesday through December 28, 2021. All you need to do is make sure you’re a Wawa Rewards member and use your account when you checkout.
That is a much-needed pick-me-up for a Tuesday. Click here to claim your free Wawa Coffee every Tuesday!
Savvy Star Rating: 4/5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐Healthcare is a big topic in China at the moment, thanks to the Healthy China 2020 initiative, but there have been major reforms going on in the sector for the past 14 years as the government has sought to modernise the way disease is dealt with and radically upgrade its medical infrastructure. Part of this has involved acknowledging that there are still a lot of unmet medical needs – something that’s not really surprising in a country with a population of nearly 1.4 billion people. It’s investing heavily in training more medical staff and developing medical research businesses, building up the capacity to give its people a better future.
Rare diseases
In May 2018, the Chinese government released a list of rare diseases that it sees as treatment priorities. In Europe, a rare disease is defined as one that affects no more than one in every 2,000 people, but together, the 121 diseases on that first list affect 16 million people in China. The aim of the project is to increase awareness of these ailments and improve training for frontline medical staff so they’re better equipped to help sufferers. The focus at this stage is on diseases that create a heavy burden in terms of the damage they do and the resultant economic impact, but that are or should be highly treatable with the right approach.
With treatability a priority, China clinical research on these diseases is being strongly encouraged, with incentives available both to Chinese healthcare companies and to those based elsewhere. With so many patients with rare diseases in China clinical trials, they are a highly practical way to advance drug development for patients all around the world. The Chinese Organisation for Rare Diseases (CORD) is helping by facilitating the exchange of information between participating companies and personnel. There are around 7,000 rare diseases in total, so there’s plenty of room for this project to expand as progress is made.
Diseases that are difficult to treat effectively
The ageing population that has resulted from China’s one-child policy means that there’s a high incidence of some types of cancer in the country, and over 10,000 Chinese people are diagnosed with cancer every day. Cancers of the gut are especially prevalent, and among the most difficult to treat. Because smoking is still very popular (around a third of all smokers in the world are Chinese), there are elevated rates of lung cancer and other pulmonary diseases, as well as cardiovascular diseases. Naturally, there is a huge demand for better solutions to these problems, and the large patient population makes the country a leading research location, with easy access to suitable volunteers for trials.
Many of these diseases are slow to develop, and chronic diseases – which last year overtook infection as the most common cause of mortality – is also a significant problem in China, reducing quality of life and putting a strain on resources. Recently, China medical device registration has been simplified to make it easier for foreign companies to develop devices for the Chinese market so that improved monitoring and support can be made available to patients in this type of situation. Not only do individuals need access to medical devices, they’re also needed by the country’s expanding network of hospitals and clinics, a demand that is likely to keep on growing for many years into the future.
Healthcare and poverty
Overall, Chinese people have seen a rapid rise in their standard of living over the past few decades, but around a third of the population still face a daily financial struggle, which can make healthcare difficult to access. The government has committed itself to ensuring that every Chinese citizen has basic healthcare insurance, which means that these people are starting to get access to the treatment they need. The experiences of other countries that have introduced systems like this, such as the UK, tells us that it will probably take some time for them to become fully aware of the sort of treatment available to them, and to get into the habit of seeking medical treatment. As they do, however, China’s healthcare market is likely to expand considerably, which is partly why the NMPA (National Medical Products Administration) has been revising its rules, making it easier for foreign companies to enter the market and help to meet demand.
Urbanisation means that an increasing number of Chinese people are suffering from the effects of pollution, eating unhealthy diets and getting little exercise, so the country’s disease profile is likely to change further over the next decade, especially for the urban poor. Extensive work is needed to tackle these problems, but with an increasingly engaged and proactive government willing to work on a scale that’s simply not possible elsewhere, there’s room for major advancement to take place.What They Are Saying...
Each client schedules their session for a different reason. See what these ladies had to say about their personal experience.
It was SO FUN! All the nerves went away. I was super excited, like not able to sleep excited, for days before hand. It was hard to sit still that morning .
I loved my images. The hardest part was selecting pictures for the album.
- Lady N--
Within minutes of my session I was completely at ease. I didn't think that was possible - yet somehow that's exactly what happened! I guess I was expecting it to be akward!
- Diamond -
I let go of my pessimistic thoughts and decided I was just going to have fun.
You empowered me. You made me feel like I had done this all my life. You brought my self-esteem up every time you looked at the back of the camera and smiled.
You allowed me to bring out this sexiness that I was too shy to bring out. You and Ren let me be me. You motivated me. You inspired me. You made me feel beautiful.
- Lady C--
I immediately felt at easy when I showed up. I noted with increased excitement the set up she had, the countless pillows, silky sheets, soft fuzzy things, a full length mirror, calming lighting, music...all of my jitters suddenly vanished. I couldn't wait to jump on the bed and start rolling on the sheets.
- Lady C -
I did my first shoot ever with Feather last weekend, I must admit I was extremely nervous I didn’t have “what it takes” to bare it all. Omg I was so wrong, from the moment I walked in I felt like I’ve known Feather my entire life, I dropped the clothes and dove right in. Feather knew exactly how to not only make me feel comfortable but also fierce. Feather brought out the sexy that was always in there just needed to be tapped into. I can’t say enough about what an empowering amazing experience everything was, not to mention the stunning photos that followed.
- Lady K --
It was nothing short of absolutely amazing to work with Feather! I have previously done boudoir shoots but nothing has compared to my experience with Blackheels Photography. Feather's energy immediately made me feel completely comfortable as well as sensual and empowered. Her artistic vision is true talent, and her direction to execute that vision is even more impressive. I definitely plan to work with Feather again and highly recommend her to anyone regardless of your level of experience. Thank you Feather for a fun and amazing photo shoot - for the experience as well as the images you captured.
- Miss D -
I was excited because I had seen Feather’s work and absolutely loved it. Couldn’t wait to see what her eye would catch. She was so nice in helping us pick our outfits & once I arrived it was like we got along instantly. She was so warm and welcoming and explained what steps we were going to do. Wasn’t uncomfortable for a minute. Had so much fun working with Feather ❤️, I can’t wait to shoot again. And, once the photos came back I was in love with her art. She is amazing, and the experience couldn’t of been any better. You are amazing Feather...
Thank you"
- Lady A --
"Before I did the shoot, I lacked self confidence due to some negative people in my life who would criticize my looks, lifestyle, and body. I anticipated liking the photos, I did not anticipate LOVING the photos the way I did. Every time I would pose for a photo and hear Feather tell me how sexy it looked, it raised my self-esteem. The first image I saw, I couldn’t stop looking at it. The photos reinforced what the session had made me feel, that I can be beautiful and sexy no matter what the negative people have to say. The session was very empowering and raised my self confidence enormously.
- Miss A -
I literally felt my confidence growing as the shoot was in session and I was posing. Then to see al the behind the scenes reactions of the off the back of the camera... raw images, no editing!! It was all just so uplifting its amazing.
- Mrs.C --
I was slightly hesitant and nervous going into my shoot. Not knowing what to expect. When I expressed my worries, Feather made me feel so comfortable and relaxed. I enjoyed every moment of my time with her.
When I left that day I felt so empowered and beautiful, it was ridiculous. I couldn't believe those images were me.
- Lady M -
Are you ready to start your own experience?
Have more questions?
Schedule a consult by clicking below.Ghanaian Groundnut Chicken Stew
A sweet, savoury, rich and flavourful stew from Ghana, featuring peanut butter, sweet red capsicums and spices. Ghanaian Groundnut Chicken Stew is delightful!
Ingredients (Serves 4-6)
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
8 chicken thigh cutlets or drumsticks, skinless
- 2 medium brown onions, finely chopped
- 1 tbsp ginger, minced
- 3 red capsicums, grilled – stove top or in the grill until black, then skinned and thickly sliced
- 3 tbsp Latasha’s Kitchen Malaysian Satay Concentrate Paste
- 2 red chillies, minced
- 150 g Pic’s brand crunchy peanut butter
- ½ cup tomato purée
- 600 ml chicken stock, homemade or store bought
- 125 g roasted whole peanuts, lightly salted
- Generous handful of coriander leaves, roughly chopped
- Salt and black pepper to taste
Method
- Heat oil in a large stew pot. Fry the chicken pieces over a medium-high heat for 8–10 minutes, turning half way through, until the pieces are golden brown on each side. Don’t overcrowd the chicken in a small vessel as this will make the chicken steam and release its juices instead of browning it to a nice colour. If your stew pot isn’t large enough, it’s best to cook the chicken in batches of 2 or 3 pieces at a time. Set the browned chicken aside.
- Fry onions and ginger in the same pan over a low-medium heat, adding more oil if required. After 10 minutes, add Latasha’s Kitchen Malaysian Satay Concentrate Paste and the red chillies. Add a few tablespoons of water and cook for another 10 minutes.
- Then add the peanut butter and tomato purée and combine well. Pour in the chicken stock and return the chicken pieces to the pan.
- Put a lid on the pan, turn down the heat and leave to simmer for 25–30 minutes, stirring often. Taste the sauce as you go to check the level of spice.
- Remove the lid, add the sliced grilled capsicums and reduce for 5 minutes before adjusting the seasonings for salt and black pepper. This stew should be peppery and spicy.
- Serve with plenty of steamed rice, a topping of whole peanuts with a generous amount of coriander or parsley, whichever you prefer.
Join #latashaskitcheners
Join Latasha's personal mailing list for delicious recipes, exclusive promotions and behind the scenes update direct to your inbox.UPDATE: Tyler has been found safe and well.
A Belfast family is appealing for help to find missing teenager Tyler Robinson.
The 16-year-old was last seen outside the Europa Hotel in Belfast city centre on Saturday night, March 10.
Brother James Robinson, 24, said it was out of character for his brother and urged him to come home.
In a direct appeal, he added: "Come home, he is not in any trouble. It's OK, just get in contact to let us know you are OK."
James said his brother, who lives in the Glencairn area of the city with his mum, left the house at around 10pm on Saturday and was last seen outside the Europa Hotel.
"He has never done it before, normally when he goes to stay with friends he has been in contact to say," he added.
"He left his phone in the house when he went out."
If you have seen Tyler, or know where he is, please contact the police on 101 using incident number 10006 11/03/18.Honduran democracy on the brink
With no declared winner two weeks after election, the legitimacy of the Honduran democracy is hanging in the balance.
Published On 11 Dec 2017
Two weeks after incumbent president Juan Orlando Hernandez appeared to lose an election he was expected to win handily, Honduras is teetering on the edge of chaos. The day after the election, opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla was ahead by five points with 58 percent of the vote counted, a margin an electoral tribunal member described as irreversible. Then, the tally was mysteriously stopped for more than a day. Soon after it resumed, Hernandez inexplicably pulled ahead with the slimmest of leads, sparking massive protests.
No winner has been declared, and the opposition has filed a legal challenge to the tabulation process. The extreme electoral irregularities and the charged context in which they arose are threatening to inflame instability for years to come.
Nearly two-thirds of Hondurans live in endemic poverty and pervasive violence, conditions that have fueled the migrant crisis that US President Donald Trump so frequently rails against. Beleaguered but unbowed, they have courageously taken to the streets in spirited demands for a transparent and fair election process . Hernandez responded to the uprising with a violent crackdown, a curfew and a suspension of constitutional rights that has left at least fourteen people dead and hundreds detained, with some of the repression stemming from US-trained security forces. Some of the restrictions have since been lifted, but the situation remains tense amid a deteriorating human rights climate, and the specter of state-sponsored violence remains omnipresent.
Although he has consolidated power in the military, legislature, judiciary and the electoral authority since his election in 2013, Hernandez was apparently hedging his bets. Perhaps that’s because the majority of Hondurans oppose presidential re-election, which is banned by the Constitution..
On November 25, The Economist disclosed a purported recording of his “Plan B”, a pre-election National Party training session providing coaching on how to rig the election. Credible evidence and a detailed analysis by Economist strongly suggest that those efforts escalated after Hernandez was caught off guard by Nasralla’s surging vote count.
That Hernandez would refuse to relinquish an office he was illegitimately seeking is hardly a surprise. Ironically, the prohibition against a second term served as the spurious justification for the ouster of left-leaning President Manual Zelaya in 2009, a move Hernandez supported. The ban on re-election was lifted in 2015 by a Supreme Court that Hernandez had stacked in his favour, undermining the rule of law. Now, the country is on the cusp of a haunting reprise of the coup that unleashed an unprecedented wave of violence and misery.
Wary of Zelaya and his geostrategic impact in the region, Washington helped legitimise the post-coup government that set in motion the fraught conditions for this contested election. Since then, the United States has provided $114 million in security aid and unwavering support to Honduras, turning a blind eye to the deeply embedded institutional corruption. The National Party’s theft of hundreds of millions of dollars from the national health service – some of which filled the incumbent’s election coffers – triggered indignant torch-lit protests in 2015, but accountability for that graft has been elusive. Despite a reported drop in the sky-high murder rate attributed to Hernandez’s iron-fist policies, a palpable climate of fear and intimidation has spread far beyond the groups targeted for repression – human rights defenders , journalists, lawyers, opposition activists, members of the LGBTI community and others – to the broader population. Meanwhile, Honduras has opened its borders to transnational investors eager to exploit the country’s desperate need for development. Yet little benefit has trickled down to the nation’s impoverished masses , according to an analysis of social and economic indicators by the Center for Economic and Policy Research.
Still, in September, well before the election, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson cheered the two countries’ “joint efforts to strengthen democratic institutions in the region.” But instead of signaling that there would be fallout from the flagrant erosion of democratic principles, two days after the contested election Tillerson certified that Honduras complied with conditions requiring progress on anti-corruption efforts and human rights protections for the release of millions of dollars in US aid.
The decision came just weeks after an explosive report implicated state security forces in the conspiracy to assassinate internationally acclaimed indigenous and environmental activist Berta Caceres in 2016 and in covering up the crime and shielding its masterminds. The optics and timing of the State Department’s vote of confidence are abysmal, though Congress can mitigate the harm by exercising its power to withhold funds despite the certification.
Election observation teams from the Organisation of American States (OAS) (pdf) and the European Union (EU) have roundly criticised the flawed process. A growing chorus both inside and outside of Honduras is echoing those grave concerns, including US lawmakers Senator Patrick Leahy,ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Senator Ben Cardin, the Congressional Progressive Caucus, and many others. Yet the US Embassy in Honduras released a statement on December 4 commending the government’s transparency and citizen participation in the process. The embassy later bowed to pressure by supporting the OAS and EU positions and a partial recount, but Washington’s vested interest in propping up its man in Honduras is abundantly clear.
The parties remain at an impasse. The opposition alliance has called for a vote-by-vote recount of all ballots under international supervision, based on its justifiable suspicion that the tally sheets have been tampered with and the database itself compromised. The demand for a full and transparent recount is eminently reasonable considering the myriad irregularities that have tainted the election and the National Party’s control of the state apparatus overseeing it. In contrast, the electoral authority and Hernandez have agreed only to a partial recount of the votes that arrived after the pause, but without important safeguards that would ensure the recount’s integrity. Failing a complete recount, a new election conducted with close and impartial international oversight will likely be necessary to restore the credibility of the democratic process.. President Trump’s angst at losing the popular vote last year drove him to create a government commission to ferret out voter fraud despite the complete lack of evidence that any occurred. The least he can do for Honduras is to withhold economic and political support until the electoral process produces a fair and transparent outcome, no matter how long that takes. The legitimacy of the Honduran democracy is hanging in the balance.
The views expressed in this article are the authors’ own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial policy.By A Correspondent
Maruti Suzuki recently launched its premium urban compact â€“Â Ignis, and also expanded the portfolio for NEXA, its premium automotive retail channel.
Designed for the burgeoning millennial generation, this car is truly unique and unconventional. Every part of Ignis, from the captivating front to distinct proportions, to its cockpit styled interiors, has been designed to be different. This difference is what forms the foundation of the entire communication. At every step of the way, thisÂ None of a KindÂ car has inspiredÂ None of a KindÂ communication.
Pre-campaign research by Hakuhodo Percept revealed that EDM or Electronic Dance and Music is an intrinsic part of the Millennialsâ€™ culture, and what better way to connect with them, than to speak in their own language and attract this particular segment through a launch concert.
Commenting on the campaign, Vinay Pant, AVP – Marketing, Maruti Suzuki, saidÂ â€œIgnis has been created to stand out with its unconventional design. It comes with never seen before features and gives its owners a chance to personalise. Everything about it is unique and this is what we intended to highlight with our communication. The campaign is completely in sync with the carâ€™s philosophy. It successfully differentiates itself from the regular automobile advertising and speaks to our audience in a language they can all relate to.â€
Throughout the Ignis campaign, the philosophy of being different is clearly defined. The TVC, shows a mix of varied art installations and unconventional people, laying down the base for Ignis. Its unconventional imagery has an element of surprise and a voice over explains what is different.
According to Sabuj Sengupta, National Creative Director, Hakuhodo Percept,Â â€œThe moment we saw the Ignis, we knew that itâ€™s no ordinary car. Our objective was clear- we wanted to tell the millennial that itâ€™s a premium urban compact born with the same mindset as theirs. And all our communication is designed to be different.â€Bankruptcy 101-Chapter 7 & Chapter 13 in Layman's Term-Differences & Similarities
Best vids related to debt Related, Card Debt Bankruptcy, Accelerated Debt Consolidation, Build Credit, and Are Secured Debts Discharged in Chapter 13, Bankruptcy 101-Chapter 7 & Chapter 13 in Layman's Term-Differences & Similarities.
🔴 Subscribe for more information like this
🔴 Please check out my other YouTube Channel
This video is for anyone wanting a BASIC elementary understanding of Chapter 7 & 13. This is for anyone that can not afford an attorney or may be considering filing bankruptcy PRO SE, or anyone that is simply wanting a basic knowledge of Chapter 7 & Chapter 13.
My course Recovery Bankruptcy Unclaimed Funds is now available!
Link-
The price is $500.00 it includes:
10 lessons complete with quizzes and homework assignments practical steps from finding a lead to reviewing the court websites and filling in the documents and MORE!
This course involves the longer process of reclaiming unclaimed funds, but you are able to make the most with this process.
** My second course -BK Unclaimed Funds Hack is now available!**
Link-
The price is $250 it includes:
10 lessons complete with quizzes and homework assignments. This quick step method shows how you can make a few hundred dollars in a matter of minutes while helping others retrieve their funds form the U.S. Bankruptcy Courts. This course shows you the shorter process of reclaiming unclaimed funds, but you are to get paid at 10% up front before the work is actually done.
**** 2 for 1 BK Funds Special for $625****
A video explaining the two Differences between my two courses is here:
A Facebook group may be created for students depending on the number of students in enrollment.
Contact Me
📩 springsolutionsllc@gmail.com
🌐
☎️ 410.760.5841
⚖️ Services
$85 Coaching Call (40 minutes)
$200 File Review/case management
💰 Cash App ID $springsolutionsllc
💰 Paypal-springporter06@hotmail.com
DISCLAIMER
This video is not to be considered as legal advice. I am not an attorney. If you are need of bankruptcy relief, please contact a bankruptcy attorney in your area that can assist you in these matters!
***AFFILIATE DISCLAIMER: Links included in this description might be affiliate links. If you purchase a product or service with the links that I provide I may receive a small commission. There is no additional charge to you!
To do this business you will need a few items for your home office.
🛒🛍
Canon Printer-
Epson Printer-
My Mac Computer-
Printer Ink-
Cordless Phone-
Desk-
Desk-
Desk Organizer-
White board-
copy paper-
Are Secured Debts Discharged in Chapter 13, Bankruptcy 101-Chapter 7 & Chapter 13 in Layman's Term-Differences & Similarities.
Let’s Become Debt Free
Being financial obligation complimentary with incomes going down, debt relief is tough to come by. Debt relief networks can make you Debt Free without any stress or concerns.
Bankruptcy 101-Chapter 7 & Chapter 13 in Layman's Term-Differences & Similarities, Enjoy more full videos relevant with Are Secured Debts Discharged in Chapter 13.
Used Cars As Part Of Debt Totally Free Living
Credit card combination is simply the act of combining together all of your Revolving Debt. The outright best thing you can do to manage your Revolving Debt is to cut all of your charge cards in half.
There are 2 types of debt the protected and unsecured loan. The protected loan are the for which you need to supply security to the bank. The financial institution can settle the arrearage by offering your collateral. The unsecured loan is the debt in which creditors do not take the interest however any collateral rate charged is really high. The unsecured debts can be gotten rid of easily due to lack of authority for the creditor to recover their money. This brings the negotiation part. If you are not willing to pay the entire quantity then financial institution can not do much lawfully to recover their money. In protected financial obligation if you apply for bankruptcy creditor still have alternative to auction your security and recover their expense. This part is missing out on in the unsecured debt.
With unSecured Secured Debt, on the other hand, the financial obligations are simply accumulated and paid according to just how much cash the bankrupt individual has. Generally very, very little bit. And just at the end of the bankruptcy procedure.
Customers with bad credit can likewise look for these loans considering that there is an asset connected to the loan. By removing all the financial obligations with the aid of the loans, debtor can enhance the credit history.
On the other hand there are considerable benefits to being Debt Free. Being debt-free permits you to take risks in life that you just could not take being strained by financial obligation. It is much easier to start a new career, release your own company or take a lower paying more pleasurable task if you aren’t encumbered financial obligation. When you are one income from bankruptcy it is a lot easier to live by your concepts.
The next action in the financial obligation snowball approach requires you to know your income and other costs. You require to know just how much extra earnings you can pay towards the smallest financial obligation. For instance if you make 2000 dollars a month, and without including your Revolving Debt you know you owe 1200 dollars to other set monthly expenditures, gas, and groceries, then you have 600 dollars left over for the credit cards. If you have revolving credit financial obligations and the month-to-month minimum includes up to 400 dollars you have 200 dollars left over. The 2 hundred dollars must be applied to the least expensive debt.
Debt Reduction: The debt reduction also referred to as settlement will lower your loan quantity. You are lawfully qualified for the settlement if you have more than 10 thousand dollars as unsecured loan. The loan reduction helps both the lender and debtor are benefited by this. The financial institution get the exceptional quantity and debtor need to pay only lowered quantity. The lender will give you settlement as less as possible. The reduction is directly proportional to their loss.
You need to guarantee that you understand that the best way out of a life burdened with financial obligation is to guarantee that you do not pack any brand-new financial obligation. Think all of us know that part. Living within our ways would be an excellent way to move towards a debt complimentary life in future. And among the most crucial things to do in this direction would be to ensure that you constantly have at least 3 months of living expenditures set aside as savings, work on that first. Then begin cracking away or swinging the bat, whatever motto works, each swing or effort gets you more detailed. Never quit.
The tension and worry will be gone, and you will seem like a beginner. You won’t get there working one task and making a linear earnings. Then why do individuals select combination professionals to do the job.
If you are finding unique and entertaining videos related to Are Secured Debts Discharged in Chapter 13, and chapter 13 Bankruptcy, Problem With Debt, Credit Rating you should subscribe in email list totally free.Deli Push Pins 23mm
Save up to 0% Save %
Original price Rs. 45.00 - Original price Rs. 100.00
Original price
Rs. 45.00
Rs. 45.00 - Rs. 100.00
Current price Rs. 45.00
SKU
Features -
- Pack of 35pcs and 100pcs
- Color- white ,red ,yellow ,blue ,green
- Material: Plastic and metal
- Sharp end
- Great for school, office and home and moreHickory – Last year, more than 9,319 calls were placed to the United Way’s 2-1-1 community help line asking for information about low-cost housing while more than 12,000 calls were made about shelters, according to nc.211counts.org.
In Catawba County those numbers were 164 and 111, respectively and again only represent calls to 2-1-1 and not the total need.
To help understand the scope of the issue in Catawba County, the Housing Visions Continuum of Care group is preparing to conduct the annual Point in Time (PIT) count of homeless individuals on Jan. 30. The purpose is to collect data that identifies gaps in services as well as barriers that prevent individuals and families from becoming successfully housed.
During the count process, homeless individuals and families are also provided with some much-needed items which are collected from the community.
These items include batteries, flashlights, combs/brushes, ponchos, deodorant, feminine hygiene products, sleeping bags, gloves, first aid kits/band-aids, backpacks (gently used or new), socks and toboggans/knitted caps.
Items need to be received by Jan. 24 and.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) requires the PIT count for a community to be eligible for government funding used to address housing issues.
“The PIT count gives us an idea of what is going on in our community, what resources people are utilizing and where there are gaps,” Teena Willis, Housing Development Manager for Partners Behavioral Health Management said. “We’re also able to reach out to those who are homeless and may need services but don’t know where to go, how to access the services or even what is available to help them.”
Last year, 318 individuals were counted in Catawba County, Willis said. This is up from 283 homeless individuals from the previous year. This year’s count will be held at the Hickory Soup Kitchen, The Life House in Hickory and The Corner Table Soup Kitchen in Newton.
Tax deductible monetary donations to help with the PIT can be made to the Catawba County United Way. Include “homeless initiatives” in the memo section. One hundred percent of the donations go to the homeless initiatives through the Housing Visions Continuum of Care.
For more information contact Teena Willis at Partners Behavioral Health Management, twillis@partnersbhm.org, 828-323-8084 or Jennifer Clark at Family Care Center, jclark@familycare-center.org or call the Catawba County United Way at 828-327-6851.BARBER, Thomas W., a Representative from Erie County; born, November 23, 1902 in Pennsylvania; lawyer; elected as a Democrat to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 1935 term; not a candidate for reelection to the House for the 1937 term; appointed, Local Government Commission (1935-1938); elected, judge, Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas, Erie County (1966-1970); died, May 29, 1970 in the city of Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania; interred, Calvary Cemetery, Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania.THAI GREEN CURRY WITH EGG NOODLES
Thai green curry with egg noodles.
£3.75500g Serves 1
Allergens can be found in bold text
Chicken Breast (UK), Egg Noodles (WHEAT flour, Durum WHEAT flour, EGG, Salt, Acidity regulator (potassium Carbonates) (May contain traces of NUTS, SESAME, CELERY, MILK, MUSTARD, SOYA), Thai Green Curry (Paste (Green Chilli, Lemon Grass, garlic, salt, galagnal, SHRIMP PASTE (shrimp, salt), kaffir lime peel, coriander seed, pepper, cumin, turmeric) Chicken Stock (Salt, Potato Starch, Glucose syrup, Palm Fat, Yeast Extract, Sugar, chicken fat, Flavouring (EGG) Roasted onion powder, Turmeric powder, dried parsley,acid, WHEAT flour, Lactose MILK, CELERIAC powder, maltodextrin, dried tarragon, white pepper) (Coconut Milk (COCONUT EXTRACT, water, stabilisers (guar gum, carboxy methyl cellulose (emulsifer, preservative sodium METABISULPHITE) , Ginger Puree (Ginger, water,Maltodextrin, salt, palm oil, vinegar, sugar, citrus fibres, Thickner (xanthan Gum), Garlic (Water, Rapeseed Oil, Dehydrated garlic, salt, Citric acid, Preservitive (sodium METABISULPHITE) Thai Chilli Sauce (sugar, water, Pickled red chilli (fresh chilli, salt, distilled vinegar,garlic, xanthan gum) , Fish Sauce (Anchovy Extract, salt, sugar), Soy Sauce ( Water, salt, SOYABEANS, WHEAT flour,) Corriander, Peppers, Chestnut mushrooms, Fresh Corriander, 8 minutes (900w) allow to stand for 3 minutes, heat for a further 7 minutes until piping hot.Airlines have additionally elevated plane cleaning frequency and strengthened their sanitation protocols. They also level to their sturdy air filters — most use high-efficiency particulate air or HEPA filters that remove over ninety nine % of airborne particles — and the constant circulation of recent air within the cabin in mitigating virus unfold. Even if center seats are left open, specialists point out that you just’re still not going to get the desired six toes of secure distance from the passenger occupying the identical row. Still, some medical experts say travel can be accomplished safely. Children underneath the age of 12 traveling with out an accompanying grownup might be subject to fees.
All objects are in inventory and prices are correct at the time of publication. If you buy one thing via our links, we could earn a commission.
Consider that you will normally save more by buying a considerably cheaper fare that permits little or no mileage accrual over more expensive qualifying fares. Do your math earlier than choosing the right fare and making the purchase. We wrote a weblog piece on the mileage topic to help you with your determination.
We’re exposing loopholes in airfare pricing to avoid wasting you money. But restoration, reliant on client confidence, would possibly, in part, depend upon the feeling of security provided by offering additional elbow room within the air.
Your Best Travel Store profile and reservations have been moved. Some of the very cheapest fares might not always qualify for mileage accrual or they could allow solely partial accrual (as much as 50%).
Stimulating travel safely is necessary to the nation’s financial restoration, in accordance with the U.S. Travel Association, which says the trade is in a melancholy with 51 % unemployment. It forecasts that travel spending will decline $519 billion this 12 months because of the pandemic. She famous that masks reduce the risk of catching the virus by up to 70 %.
- Join the millions of shoppers that have used Fly.com to check costs between hundreds of airfare providers.
- For greater than 20 years Fly.com has been the leader in cheap flights and discount airline tickets.
- In June, CNN reported that one passenger had been removed from an American flight for not carrying a masks and banned from future flights whereas the masks mandate is in place.
- We’re at your service 24 hours a day, 7 days per week, and 365 days a year.
Flight Delays
His travel writing has additionally appeared on USA Today and the About.com Boston travel guide. With all this talk of Cuba these days, Fidel’s brother’s incredible reforms, his stepping down, I want to see it earlier than the gates really open and the kernel of old, closed Cuba is gone forever.
Your 6-digit PIN will now be your cellphone PIN, which you can use to verify your identification if you name KrisFlyer Membership Services. We’re monitoring the current situation closely and are doing everything attainable to assist you along with your journey plans. To help with the prevention and control of the Coronavirus, we are offering rebook and refund options. These cookies and different technologies are used to identify your interests based on your searches and other behavior while visiting our web site. We may share this info with our trusted media, promoting and analytics companions so we will show related and personalized advertising suited for you.
Where we fly Opens one other website in a brand new window that may not meet accessibility tips. Get the most recent data and travel advice for travelling to and from Dubai, whether you’re a Dubai resident or a tourist seeking to visit. You can help us maintain FlightAware free by allowing adverts from FlightAware.com. We work hard to maintain our advertising relevant and unobtrusive to create a fantastic experience. It’s fast and easy to whitelist ads on FlightAware or please think about our premium accounts.
About American
You are in command of your reservation 24 hrs a day simply by logging into the My Trips section and conveniently choosing the modifications you want to make. Best Travel Store is a Southern California Better Business Bureau member since 2002. Best Travel Store retains all of your personal data, including your bank card numbers, safe. The BTS on-line purchase path, together with the credit card payment page, is encrypted using a 1024 bit key, which effectively signifies that the data you submit on-line cannot be opened or viewed by any third party. To do so, please name KrisFlyer Membership Services to update your profile with contact particulars for two-factor authentication (2FA) verification.You can be anything you want to be the second you put action toward it. If you’re an artist, you’re an artist whether you’re good at it or even if you just decided to become one this morning. Who are the referees? When you decide to become an engineer and start taking steps to learn programming, you are in fact an engineer. You’re a pretty bad engineer, but that’s only because you lack experience and any skill. You’re an engineer at the beginner level. You aren’t good enough yet to get paid for it. There’s also no official ‘moment’ you become good at anything. My high school astronomy professor is pretty good at space-talk – until Neil deGrasse Tyson walks in. These things are relative.
You are whatever you want to be the second you start. Official titles are different. Those are credentials to function externally, and you’re probably not ready for that.
Becoming something is the process of passing into that state. You’re always becoming something. You become a better artist, executive, or software engineer. Or, you become a worse something because you don’t practice. Or you can become something else entirely. It’s up to you to decide.
Some of us were born human beings. We can decide what we will become. That’s what’s special about being human. A potato is alive just as well, but it has no choice other than to die and get eaten. You can choose to die and get eaten also. You can even choose to live and become a poet.
If you want to be something different, it’s your prerogative. Nobody will see you as a poet at first because you’re still on step one. To them you’re still just a bank teller. Only now they think you’re a delusional bank teller who dreamily thinks they can be Sonia Sanchez. Being a poet on step one is personal. Steps are personal. Don’t share your vision too early. People have such little faith and will bring you down. Not everyone will be excited for you and your journey.
Nobody will accept your terrible poetry except maybe your mom. Who can blame them? Broadway has curtains on the stages for a reason. There’s some work happening behind the scenes that would otherwise detract from the illusion. There’s some preparation happening and pieces being moved into place before the grand unveiling. Great actors work hard to make you believe they’re someone else. They practice in secret so they can successfully sell you on the illusion when it’s showtime. You have to believe that Christian Bale as Batman is actually gliding in the air. Once you see the strings that create the illusion, the dream is over and you remember that he’s just a guy that even you can probably beat at checkers.
You shouldn’t go public too soon. Retreating works in your favor. People retreat so they can get off step one before the curtain is pulled. You retreat so you don’t publicly keep falling on your face. You retreat to get better. Students retreat to University so they can hit the professional workforce and hopefully not screw up so badly. Recruits retreat to bootcamp to become soldiers who know how to survive in combat. You shouldn’t talk so much about what you’re going to do. Retreat and get better. Steps are personal.
This has nothing to do with being genuine or real. If you think its wrong to work on becoming more or better than you are now, or to become something entirely different than you are today, you will not become much more than you already are.
It takes 3-5 years to reinvent yourself publicly. If people know you as a bank teller, they’ll always see you as a bank teller until you force them to see you as something else who is better at the new thing than you were as the bank teller. If you’re not so good at the new thing, they’ll think you’re a bank teller who’s a wannabe poet. Let your skills reintroduce you. Go to poetry slams. Probably stop going to bank teller conventions. It takes 3-5 years because being publicly reinvented isn’t something you control. You’re a brand, and like corporate brands, you don’t control your brand. Your brand is how people see you and how they define you. What you can control is the situations and circumstances your brand is exposed to, at least for the most part. To manage your brand, control where you’re seen, and how your brand is presented as best you can. Associate with better brands. Find a way into those circles.
If you want to change how people perceive you, get comfortable knowing that it takes time. More time than you’ll wish it did. The best way to be seen as something new is to plant your flag somewhere new. Humans love to categorize things. It’s our nature. To see you as something new, you have to show them you in fact are something new.- Fénykép készítésének helye:LuksiaiOrszág neve a fénykép készültekor:LithuaniaOrszág neve ma::Lithuania
This is my father Iosif Kacharinskiy with me and my brother Meishe Kacharinskas. The picture was taken in our yard, after our cow bore a calf. We are looking at them. Luksiai, 1930s. My father was born in Ciepliszki on 15th May 1900. He became a butcher, like his father. He came to Lithuania with his mother after Grandfather's tragic death. After a long courtship, Father finally reached his goal and married the woman whom he fell in love with at first sight. The newly-weds settled in Plegai with my maternal grandparents. In 1922 my elder brother Meishe was born. After him my mother gave birth to babies almost every year, but many parturitions were preterm and there were miscarriages. There were seven parturitions, but only Shmuel, born in 1923, I, my brother Leiser, born in 1927 and my sister Bashe Feiga, born in 1928, survived. I was born in 1925. I remember that two children ? a girl who was one year younger than me and a boy who was born in 1926 died at an infant age. The elder children, Meishe and Shmuel, were born in Plegai. I was born in Luksiai. Father decided to move to the town. Mother's younger sister got married and there was not enough room in Plegai. Father bought a small wooden house in Luksiai, where I was born and spent my childhood. The house was purchased on loan and it took a long time for Father to pay it back.Money online is easy to earn? Admin 9/20/2021 make-money-online ----YOU ADS--- Get Link ----YOU ADS--- Many people find that they can make extra cash by completing surveys. There are many survey sites online that will pay you for your opinions. All... Read more ----YOU ADS--- Go to Link ----YOU ADS--- Share with your friendsI can’t recommend them enough: fantastic team and fantastic service.(Gemma Garner)Job Title
It is incredibly reassuring to know that we are being supported by a firm who is acting so proactively on our behalf.(Nick Coburn)Business Consultant
The attentiveness, help and professionalism given to the company, myself and my family has been invaluable.(Fred Wilkinson)Builder
Fab people and a fantastic service!(Sam Whitbread)Hairdresser
All the team are very helpful, attentive, and quite clearly display a caring and professional image.(Phillip Dalton)Property DeveloperEverything Will Be Alright In The End (studio album) by Weezer
Condition: Brand New
Ships to: Worldwide
Go to store
Condition: New
Ships to: Worldwide
Go to store
Condition: Acceptable
Ships to: Worldwide
Go to store
Weezer bestography
Everything Will Be Alright In The End is ranked 5th best out of 23 albums by Weezer on BestEverAlbums.com.
The best album by Weezer is Weezer (The Blue Album) which is ranked number 69 in the list of all-time albums with a total rank score of 21,144.
Upcoming concerts
Listen to Everything Will Be Alright In The End on YouTube
Everything Will Be Alright In The End track list
The tracks on this album have an average rating of 82 out of 100 (all tracks have been rated).
Top-rated track as rated by BestEverAlbums.com members.
Everything Will Be Alright In The End rankings
Latest 20 charts that this album appears in:
You can include this album in your own chart from the My Charts page!
Everything Will Be Alright In The End collection
Showing latest 20 members who have this album in their collection | Show all 75 members
Everything Will Be Alright In The End 326.8/100, a mean average of 72.9/100, and a trimmed mean (excluding outliers) of 73.9/100. The standard deviation for this album is 16.1.
Please log in or register if you want to be able to leave a rating
Everything Will Be Alright In The End favourites
Showing latest 20 members who have added this album as a favourite | Show all 33 members
Everything Will Be Alright In The End comments
Showing latest 10 comments | Show all 31 comments |
Most Helpful First | Newest First | Maximum Rated First | Longest Comments First
(Only showing comments with -2 votes or higher. You can alter this threshold from your profile page. Manage Profile)
Voltando aos trilhos, mas ainda tentando ser grandiosos demais.
This is your regular reminder that this is a fantastic record and should be top 20 of the year
One of their best records.
1. 50
2. 95
3. 75
4. 60
5. 100
6. 90
7. 90
8. 95
9. 100
10. 90
11. 60
12. 65
13. 60
On EVerything Will Be Alright In The End, Weezer finally decided that it was time to return to a more rock-oriented sound, resulting in an album closer to their early material than most albums released after Maladroit. It's a record filled with nostalgia and self-referential lyrics (with lead single "Back to the Shack" functioning as Rivers Cuomo's official letter of apology to the fans). Loud guitars and heavy drums take centre stage, together with the sorely missed harmonies. There are elements harking back to Blue here, such as the guitar solos and the surf rock influences.
What we have here is a rocking record, the most consistent and guitar-driven Weezer has released in the 2010s, along with 2016s' White. There's a lesser emphasis on catchy choruses and a bigger emphasis on the rock sound, resulting in an LP with a bunch of really good tracks ("Back to the Shack", "Cleopatra", "I've Had It Up To Here", "Da Vinci") and a couple of perfectly suitable, if forgettable ones (such as the trilogy of filler songs at the end). The string of songs from "I've Had It Up To Here" to "Foolish Father" is the most consistent the band has been since their debut.
The great thing about the album is that it stays consistent in terms of sound while still offering enough variation to stay interesting. It's noisy but melodic; it's simple and catchy and, above all, it proves Weezer still has the ability to churn catchy singles and please the crowds. It's a return to great instrumentation, strong choruses and fierce energy. The White Album perfected this newfound youthful energy, but after that Weezer has once again turned their attention to a softer sound, which doesn't quite match this greatness.
Stunning return to peak form. I love the production and the songs keep hitting it out of the park one after the next.
The comeback to end all comebacks. As much as I appreciate 2000's Weezer, it wasn't what you think of when someone says Weezer, they tried new things, a lot of which I love, some of which makes me really sad. So to see this return to form after the worrying last 2 weezer albums, makes me incredibly happy. The self aware commentary on the album is so refreshing to hear from the band, and the songs themselves rivals the catchy-ness of Buddy Holly
People tend to credit the white album, but to me this is really the great weezer come back, that really only lasted two albums, thanks to pacific daydream, but still it was fun while it lasted.
Weezer's third best in my opinion, after Blue and Pinkerton, there is a lot to love about this album. Catchy hooks, lyrics that alternate between apologetic, fun, and heartbreaking, and blistering dueling guitar solos. The only weak spot (for me) is Da Vinci, and even that is an enjoyable song.
Best Tracks: Foolish Father, Back to the Shack, Eulogy For a Rock Band, The Futurescope Trilogy
Favorite Tracks: Go Away, Cleopatra & Foolish Father
The Futurescope Trilogy is some of the band's best work throughout their entire career.
Please log in or register if you want to be able to add a comment
Your feedback for Everything Will Be Alright In The End
>.EngenderHealth is recruiting a Finance & Administration Manager 
- The Finance & Administration Manager, as a member of the Country Senior Management Team, is responsible for managing cash flow, chart of accounts, financial reporting to the EngenderHealth Washington office; outreach and technical assistance to the project’s implementing consortium partners in Nigeria; financial reporting and due diligence oversight of project grants to local partners; and ensuring compliance with
EngenderHealth and donor rules and regulations in all spending. The Finance Manager will work closely with the global project’s Finance Director and will be responsible for financial operational oversight through use of QuickBooks for reporting, tracking, and managing project finances on a daily basis. The Manager will also be for providing a wide range of office management and support to the office including, ensuring the full
functioning of the office, serving as the point person managing all procurement related activities, and covering HR services with support from the Home Office team
Duties
Administrative and HR
- Supports office operations by maintaining office administrative systems, such as and not limited to authorization/approval processes, IT use, cleaning and maintenance of office premises, and vehicles, documentation and issuance of office stationaries to staff, managing common printers, etc., and supervising administrative staff
- Provides office services such as: organizing office operations and procedures, managing correspondence, designing and maintaining filing systems, developing and reviewing supply requisitions, and assigning and monitoring clerical functions
- Manages and maintains the retention, protection, retrieval, transfer, and disposal of records as per EngenderHealth standards
- Maintains office efficiency by planning and monitoring up a system for assigning equipment, furniture and stationaries to staff office systems, office layout, and equipment procurement and maintenance
- Working with CPM and home office, implements office policies by following standards and procedures, measuring results against standards, and making necessary adjustments
- Working with home office develop Employee HR Manual, roll it out in the office and monitor its implementation
- Working with Home Office as the Field Office HR lead, support staff recruitment, selection, orientation, training, and coaching employees, as needed/appropriate
- Support the CPM and technical staff to plan, schedule, and promote office events, including meetings, conferences, interviews, orientations, and training sessions
- Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed
Finance
- Examining all financial documents for payment are checked for completeness, accuracy and validity of financial data, including accounting classification and computations; preparing checks, payments and bank deposits
- Preparing payroll voucher to record the payroll disbursement and reporting and paying all payroll and taxes
- Assisting in the coordination of travel for program staff, international technical staff and/or consultants and in preparing and processing expense reports (flight arrangements, hotel reservations and logistics, such as per diem, visas and donor approval, if applicable)
- Examining all financial documents for payment are checked for completeness, accuracy and validity of financial data, including accounting classification and computations
- Recording financial transactions into QuickBooks and preparing monthly field reports
- Monitoring the bank account transactions, reviewing and reconcile the bank account on a monthly basis and managing and performing other duties as assigned by the Country Project Manager/Representative and global
Requisites
- Bachelor’s degree, or other equivalent degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or other related field
- Experience managing International NGO offices
- At least 3-5 years progressively experience as a Finance and Administrative Manager.
- Working experience with USAID-funded programs, including demonstrated knowledge of USG rules, regulations, policies, and procedures
- Experience managing USAID project startups and closeouts
- Computer literacy, including proven experience with computerized accounting packages, word processing and spreadsheets in QuickBooks, as well as Microsoft Word and Excel
- Excellent organizational and communication skills
- Must be of demonstrated honesty and integrity specific to financial and project management, and able to conduct business with the Mozambique and international community regardless of ethnicity, gender, religion, race, preference, or affiliation in a professional manner
- Committed to EngenderHealth’s core organizational values of reflection, inclusion, integrity, respect, and transformation
- Collaboration & Teamwork
- Communication
- Building trust
- Judgement & Decision Making
- Computer skills (Word, Excel, etc.)
- Able to work independently and as part of the team
- Strong communication skills, including ability to prepare and present concise oral and written procurement operations reports, briefings, updates, and other documentation
- Comprehensive understanding of procurement, operations, and compliance practices
- Ability to develop and maintain effective remote working relationships with counterparts in a multi-cultural, multi-ethnic environment with sensitivity and respect for diversity
- Experience in risk management and compliance
- Familiarity with sub-grants management a plus
- Fluently spoken and written English
Gestão Financeira
-?CLICK HERE TO MEET MORE OF THIS YEAR’S WOMEN OF DISTINCTION
Founded in 1928 by Irwin Kerns, BILTRITE Furniture-Leather-Mattresses remains in the family four generations later. Kerns’ great-granddaughter Randi Komisar Schachter started working at BILTRITE when she was just 12 years old and went from doing odd jobs to directing the store’s sales and marketing efforts. Her mother, Gail Komisar, has been a part of the store’s leadership team since 1977, and Sarah Komisar, Gail’s daughter-in-law, joined BILTRITE in 2013 and is now a sales and design associate and the lead employee trainer. “We’re a women-led business,” Randi says. “Three out of the five family members running the store are women.” Over 93 years, BILTRITE has expanded dramatically from a small storefront on North Third Street to its current expansive showroom in Greenfield. “We’re the largest locally and family-owned store left in Wisconsin,” Randi says. “It’s just amazing to see all the passion that our family and our team brings to the table.”
“We don’t have a corporate mentality – we have a family mentality.”
– Randi Komisar Schachter
Q&A
What do you think are some of the benefits that come with being a family-owned business for four generations?
Randi Komisar Schachter: Right now, we’re celebrating 93 years in business. We care about our business. We have passion. We don’t skip steps. We don’t have the corporate mentality – we have the family mentality. And we also understand the Wisconsin look, what people are looking for, what they want – we’re not thinking nationally, we’re thinking locally.
What are some of the most rewarding aspects of your work?
Seeing how we’ve grown the store. We went from the Flintstones to the Jetsons. We are the biggest locally and family-owned store left in Wisconsin. It’s awesome to see all the passion that our family and our team brings to the table. We’re a family business – we all love each other at the end of the day.
This story is part of Milwaukee Magazine‘s November issue.
Find it on newsstands or buy a copy at milwaukeemag.com/shop
Be the first to get every new issue. Subscribe.Carolina Hemp Company - Franchise
Quick Franchise Summary
CBD BUSINESS IS BOOMING! Carolina Hemp Company is dedicated to bringing wellness to the world by offering high quality hemp, hemp extract, and CBD related products. Learn more about the costs, benefits, and available locations today!
Carolina Hemp Company
Franchise Cost, Fees & Facts for 2021
Available In These States:
- AK
- AL
- AR
- AZ
- CO
- CT
- DE
- FL
- GA
- IA
- ID
- KS
- KY
- LA
- MA
- ME
- MO
- MS
- MT
- NC
- NE
- NH
- NJ
- NM
- NV
- OH
- OK
- PA
- SC
- SD
- TN
- TX
- UT
- VT
- WV
- WY
Not Available In These States:
- CA
- DC
- HI
- IL
- IN
- MD
- MI
- MN
- ND
- NY
- OR
- RI
- VA
- WA
- WI
Overview
Carolina Hemp Company - Franchise Information
CBD BUSINESS IS BOOMING!
Carolina Hemp Company is dedicated to bringing wellness to the world by offering high quality hemp, hemp extract, and CBD related products. Learn more about the costs, benefits, and available locations today!
There are numerous studies that demonstrate that our natural extract products are the most effective way to nourish the endocannabinoid system (ECS).
Bringing balance to the ECS, the chief regulatory system, $80-$120K
- Minimal Staff Needed
- Small Footprint- Easy to Manage
- High Profit Margins
- Proven Track Record of Success
- Proprietary Products
- Extensive Training Provided
- Aggressive Marketing Strategies
- Territories Still Available
- Experienced Management Team
- Quick Start-Up
- First Class Facilities
Our franchise model is designed to be affordable and simple to set up. When you become a Carolina Hemp Company franchise partner, you will work with our management team to create your own successful hemp general store retail business. As partners in success – we grow as you grow so we put everything we have into making you successful!
Carolina Hemp Company Videowatch 01:54
Arcane: League of Legends - The Loop
Do you like this video?
Play Sound
A light mystic robe bottom is mid-level magic armour that requires 50 Defence to wear. It is part of the light mystic robes set and comes in two other colours: blue and dark. It cannot be crafted from mystic cloth unlike the standard blue variant, and is only available as a drop from turoth.
Drop sources
- This list was created dynamically. For help, see the FAQ.
- To force an update of this list, click here.Rock And Roll is Here to Stay - Grease (film) (Sha Na Na) - MP3 instrumental karaoke
This title is a cover of Rock And Roll is Here to Stay as made famous by Grease (film)
Tempo: variable (around 101 BPM)
In the same key as the original: G, A♭, A
This song ends without fade out
Duration: 02:01 - Preview at:
00:43
Instrumental Version MP3
Instrumental Version MP3
Cover Version MP3
These music files do not include lyrics. Download the karaoke with lyrics.
About
Release date: 1978
Format: MP3 320 Kbps
Genres: Film & TV Soundtracks, Rock & Roll, In English
Original songwriter: David AlFree School Meal Vouchers
For all who receive Free School Meal vouchers, we have been notified that Aldi have now joined the scheme. If you have already chosen your supermarket we may be able to change it after 4pm today but only if the voucher hasn't been clicked on and activated. If you wish us to try and change your supermarket to Aldi please email us at CrontonCE@ldst.org.uk . If you have activated your voucher you may change the supermarket to Aldi at the next release of vouchers.
If you haven't chosen your supermarket you can change it to Aldi if you prefer after 4pm today.We're sorry, but eCampus.com doesn't work properly without JavaScript.
Either your device does not support JavaScript or you do not have JavaScript enabled.
How to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need help? Call 1-855-252-4222
by Delaney, Carol; Kaspin, Deborah
by Carol Delaney (Stanford University)
by Carol Delaney (Stanford University, USA); With: Deborah Kaspin (Rhode Island College, USA)
Need Help? Copyright © 1999-2021Vacation By Joanne Silberner Published December 25, 2002 at 10:00 PM MST Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Listen • 2:34 Research suggests vacations are usually a good idea, health-wise. But at least one study finds that time-off isn't good for everybody. NPR's Joanne Silberner reports on the health effects of vacation. Copyright 2002 NPRPost-Covid, the Federal Government Must Remain Committed to Helping Businesses
After showing a promising commitment to businesses throughout the pandemic, the government is now doubling down on damaging tariffs against China.
The past year and a half has been a rollercoaster for all Americans. The gradual return to normal has certainly been welcome. However, as we get back to a familiar place, we must remember the important role that American businesses play in generating economic growth and creating jobs.
At one point during the pandemic, American businesses were at the forefront of this conversation, with Congress passing legislation that provided PPP loans and small-business funding. These policies were critical to getting businesses and American workers back on their feet, and the federal government showed that it understood the vital role job creators played in our nation’s economic recovery. In fact, our lawmakers were so dedicated to helping businesses of all sizes that they spent over $800 billion and passed three different federal Covid-19 relief packages.
Related: Trade Wars: Who Pays the Price?
The consequences of a continued trade war with China
That’s why it’s so disappointing to see President Joe Biden and United States Trade Representative Katherine Tai hurt those same businesses and our economy by continuing the harmful trade war with China. Recently, Ambassador Tai announced how the Biden administration plans to approach trade with China, and unfortunately tariffs will remain in place. The administration said that its approach to trade with China will largely remain the same and that it will even “build on” the Trump administration’s strategy, keeping many of the steep tariffs in place. These policies are keeping us pointed in the wrong direction.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection has collected over $100 billion in tariffs since they were instituted by the Trump administration. The Biden administration is leaving intact a policy that caused thousands of jobs to be lost, led to a decrease in gross domestic product (GDP) and hurt businesses across the country because of the impact those tariffs create. Rather than a flawed status quo, we need stimulative economic and trade tools that advance our country and support American businesses and the workers they employ.
Related: What the Burgeoning Trade War Really Means for Entrepreneurs
How the tariffs impact American businesses, workers and families
This trade war started in 2018 when President Donald Trump placed tariffs on more than $350 billion in goods imported from China. Though well-intentioned, these tariffs have achieved nothing but harm. They created an impediment to the U.S. economy in which our businesses paid these higher costs since tariffs are taxes that importers pay to the U.S. government. These goods are vital to business operations and often cannot be purchased elsewhere, which forces businesses to foot the bill themselves. In the end, American businesses, workers and families are the true victims of these tariffs.
These costs eventually reach American consumers since a business can only withstand paying these tariffs for a certain amount of time until it has to either pass on the costs or go out of business. When consumers start to bear these costs, our entire economy suffers.
When our country was incapacitated due to the global pandemic, the federal government showed that it valued American businesses and understood that they were the path to our nation’s healing. There is no reason that commitment should stop there. The Biden administration needs to understand that these tariffs are directly impeding our full recovery and realize that all Americans are the real victims of this trade war, not China.
Related: Three Surprising Business Lessons From the US-China Trade War
We need President Biden and Ambassador Tai to do right by the American people by putting a stop to these harmful tariffs. In this trade war, there are no winners — just losers. And right now, American businesses are losing the most.
Written By
Brendan Flanagan
Entrepreneur Leadership Network VIPCentre Manager Durack
The support Journey provide allows me to keep my focus on the children and their families. We are also encouraged to customise our learning programme to suit our community. On a personal level, I really respect the time and patience that was shown to me while I learnt the role of Centre Manager. It allowed me to push my boundaries and delve outside of my comfort zone so that I could grow into this new and unfamiliar role.
Centre Manager Richmond
Journey has a homelike feeling, where I feel my ideas are respected and valued.
I feel lucky to be part of a team that inspires me to develop and grow as a professional.
Centre Manager Bendigo South
“Meaningful connections are vital to create a sense of belonging for children and families. This can only be established when educators are seen, heard and valued.” Carolyn Smart, Journey Early Learning
Let’s connect
ΔMavenhut Limited Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Mavenhut Limited is a private company limited by shares incorporated in Ireland with company number 511811 and having a registered office at 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin 2, Ireland (“we”/ “us”/ “our”/ “MavenHut”). We provide various gaming and other online services (collectively referred to as the “Services”) which Services consist of, but are not limited to the following: any game content, advertisement product or software developed or created by us that you have downloaded or are about to download, any game, content, advertisement, information made available by users to each other through our software or posted publicly on any SNS (together “Platforms”) and any advertising or software placed on those Platforms by third party advertising companies (“Advertising Partners”) or the customers of our Advertising Partners (“Advertising Buyers”).
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is made available via the app store, the Platforms or SNS that you download our Services from or access our Services any Platform or social network, if you are using our mobile Services, an account with the company that provides your mobile applications.
About our Privacy Policy.
We respect your right to privacy and take seriously our responsibilities in relation to the processing of personal data. We do not collect or process personal data unnecessarily.. This Policy applies to:
- any software provided/used/shared by MavenHut or its Advertising Partners, such as games, applications, cookies, advertising identifiers or similar technologies;
- all of our games, whether played online or offline, on mobile devices, PC or on other Platforms such as social networking services;
- our advertising activities and the advertising activities of our Advertising Partners on all Platforms as described below;
- other services that we may provide to you from time to time;
- our site () and social networking accounts;
- websites and social networking accounts for each and every Service we provide, as stated above.
As set out in the TOS relating to our Services, you must be at least 16 years old to access and/or use our.
Sharing Your Information With Advertisers
We share Your Data (including but not limited to Gaming Data, Technical Data, Profile Data, Tracking Data and Usage Data (each as described below) with our Advertising Partners who may in turn share Your Data with Advertising Buyers. We also share information about you that we collect by using cookies and other tracking technologies with our Advertising Partners who may in turn share Your Data with Advertising Buyers. These are described further below. Our Advertising Partners and the Advertising Buyers may be located outside of the EEA. As certain of the Services are provided to users free of charge, MavenHut uses revenue generated from the sale of advertising space to fund the provision of those Services to its users.
We process your personal data in this way on the basis of our legitimate interests, insofar as it is necessary for us to generate revenue to provide these Services. Without this revenue we would not be able to provide you with these Services.
We have appropriate agreements in place with each of the Advertising Partners to help ensure that personal data is and will always be processed in a lawful, fair, transparent and responsible way. Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers may, however, also have their own privacy policies.
By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge we may share Your Data with our Advertising Partners who may in turn share that data with Advertising Buyers wherever they may be located (in accordance with the terms of this Policy) and for the purposes of generating customised advertisements directed at you based on Your Data.
You may object to the processing of your personal data for these purposes at any time. To do so, please contact us at DPO@mavenhut.com.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We will collect and process the following data about you for the following purposes:
Information you give us.
Your Data. This is information (including all of the categories of information set out in this Privacy Policy) about you that you give us by playing our games and using our Services, filling in forms on our Site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, messages sent using out chat and messaging systems, your interactions on our social media channels, information that you submit in response to a news post or discussion thread, shouts, private messages, chat rooms or through any other in-game communication channels. It includes information you provide when you use our Site, or the Services, or report a problem with our Site (“Your Data”).
The information you give us may include:
- Identity Data: your full name and e-mail address. If you use our Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect the information you provide for: the name you have associated with your device, your telephone number, your country, and your specific geolocation (“Identity Data”).
- Gaming Data: data in respect of your usage of the Services including playing our games or any in-app purchases made by you (“Gaming Data”).
Information we collect about you.
Profile Data. We may offer you the opportunity to submit the Services or a SNS on your social network page or use the Services or a SNS on someone else’s page, we may record information regarding the use of those Services (the data referred to in the preceding paragraphs shall be referred to as “Profile Data”)., mobile device model, how often you use the application, the functionality that you use through the Service, including your gameplay choices and other performance data (“Technical Data”); and
- Usage Data/Usage Information: information about your visit and interactions to our website, games, applications or any other Services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), referring/exit pages, traffic data, location data, weblogs, resources that you access and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), browser type, browser language, browser history, Platform type, landing pages, products you viewed or searched for, page response times, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, any phone number used to call us (“Usage Data”).
No special categories of personal data.
We do not require or collect any personal data that is your sensitive personal data or any special category of personal data under the GDPR, unless you decide to provide this information to us.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by you, MavenHut shall not share any Personal Data with Advertising Partners or Advertising Buyers (i) that contains any Special Categories of Personal Data; and/or (ii) that contains Personal Data relating to children under 16 years old.
COOKIES, AD IDENTIFIERS AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
What are cookies and why we use them.
“Cookies” are small text files which are stored by your browser on your computer and are normally used to gather statistical information and to analyse trends of use or access to a website.
Cookies may be used to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you access the Site.
For more about our use of cookies and how you can disable them, please see our Cookie Policy at www. [ ].
Tracking Technologies
The Services may send or use “cookies”, “ad identifiers”, “browser cache”, “web beacons”, “pixels”, “mobile SDKs” or similar (tracking) technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) as may evolve or be developed by us or our Advertising Partners or by Advertising Buyers from time to time to your computer or mobile devices when you access our Services, view content through a MavenHut game or application or use an SNS.
These Tracking Technologies collect certain data including but not limited to, internet protocol addresses, precise location data and similar unique ID’s including cookie IDs and device ID’s and by using our Services or clicking on advertisements you will activate these Tracking Technologies. They may for example be used to help us, Advertising Partners or Advertising Buyers to recognise your computer and to ensure that your account is accessed by the person that inputs the correct username and password for that account.
We and Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers who advertise on our Services use these Tracking Technologies to display targeted advertisements, advertisements more likely to be relevant to you, to improve the quality of Services, make recommendations, make the Services easier to use for our users and for general advertising activities and to allow our payment partners to process your payment instructions.
You acknowledge that: (i) in connection with the Services, MavenHut, its Advertising Partners and the Advertising Buyers may collect or otherwise process personal data (including but not limited to, internet protocol addresses, precise location data and similar unique IDs such as cookie IDs and device IDs) about or related to you; and (ii) MavenHut, its Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers use Tracking Technologies in order to collect your personal data.
You acknowledge that: (i) MavenHut, its Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers may collect, Process and share Personal Data via the Services and those of the Advertising Partners and the Advertising Buyers for the purposes contemplated by these Terms; and (ii) acknowledge that MavenHut, Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers will deploy Tracking Technologies in order to collect Personal Data in connection with the performance of the Services (“Tracking Data”).
Ad Identifiers
Advertising (or ad) identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal device identifiers for different Platforms and SNSs. These technologies allow the collection of technical data, such as IP address, your device’s model, operating system and screen size, the other applications installed on your device, domain names, and (including but not limited to our Advertising Partners)) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
- Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
- Where it is necessary for our legitimate interest in order to fund the provision of the Services to you we will share Your Data with our Advertising Partners who in turn may share Your Data with their Advertising Buyers. founders@mavenh.
Be advised that if you send messages or publically post material containing personal information, that public information may be collected and used by third parties. MavenHut does not assume any liability for the misuse of such public information by third parties.
How long we keep your information.
You can terminate your account at any time, which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. founders@mavenhut.com.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. We will share Your Data with our Advertising Partners and they may share it with Advertising Buyers. We may disclose information to other:
- Advertising Partners (who may share your personal information with Advertising Buyers), business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you in relation to the Services;
- analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site;
- credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score to the extent this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We will disclose your personal information to third party recipients:
- in order to create and build our games, to generate revenue from our Advertising Partners to fund the provision of the Services.
- in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of our business or assets.
- if MavenHut or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, or if there is a corporate restructuring, or a change of control of Mavenhut, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets. Any third party to which MavenHut transfers or sells its assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Policy.
-.
- MavenHut may disclose information about you to its partners (including Advertising Partners) in order to provide the Services, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Services, to communicate with you about the Services, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Services, and to enhance your experience on the Services. Our Advertising Partners may share this information with Advertising Buyers.
- MavenHut, certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees, may view and/or process the information that you transmit to the Services or that it is collected by us to provide the Services and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Policy.
As a game developer using different softwares and online applications to create and advertise games, we recommend that you consistently check privacy policies of Mavenhut and third parties in order that you can be confident that Mavenhut and its partners are committed to GDPR compliance and to understand an operator’s practices (e.g. for Unity software, please check).
Third-Party Advertising Companies
We use Advertising Partners to serve ads for our Services, on any Platform that we use. These Advertising Partners sell advertising to Advertisement Buyers. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from usage information set out above, cookies and ad identifiers, your visits to our Services, from our software, games applications that you view and the SNS you use, to target advertising within our site, games or SNS or others (“Usage Information”). In addition, Advertising Partners and Advertising Buyers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies, ad identifiers or similar technologies may be placed on your computer or mobile device. Similarly, such third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize our/their advertising. Beacons enable us/them to recognise a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Our Services will provide Your Data to third-party advertising companies. For example,.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The use of or provision of the Services may require the transfer of your Personal Data located in the EEA or Switzerland to countries outside the EEA or Switzerland (as applicable) and by availing of the Services you expressly consent to the transfer of Your Data outside of the EEA or Switzerland (as applicable). MavenHut will ensure an appropriate mechanism that is recognised by applicable EU Data Protection Law is implemented to allow for the data transfer..
You acknowledge and agree that MavenHut shall discharge its obligations to provide adequate protection for any EEA Personal Data by ensuring any recipient has self-certified its compliance with the Privacy Shield Framework and by using such, recipient agrees to protect EEA Personal Data in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Shield Principles.
 Framework Principles (as supplemented by the Supplemental Principles) contained in Annex II to the European Commission Decision C(2016)4176 of July 12, 2016 (as may be amended, superseded or replaced).
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk.
For more information about this and the safeguards in place relating to the transfer, please contact us by email at DPO@mavenhut.com.
SECURITY MEASURES
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We encrypt data transmissions and we have reasonable measures in place to protect the physical security of records we store on our premises. DPO@mavenhut.com. We will need to verify your identity in such circumstances and may request more information or clarifications from you if needed to help us locate and provide you with the personal data requested. We will endeavour to respond to you within one month. DPO@mavenhut DPO@mavenhut@mavenh via our website. In this way, you will have an opportunity to consider the nature and impact of the change and exercise your rights under the GDPR in relation to that change (e.g., to withdraw consent or to object to the processing) as you see fit.
At all times, the English version of the Policy will be the prevailing one and the version valid as the agreement between the parties. By accessing and using our website, you warrant that you command the English language sufficiently to have understood this Policy in English. Any translation of this Policy from English into another language is made just for convenience purposes and the translation will not be valid as an agreement.
QUESTIONS OR COMPLAINTS.
Contact Us. If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Policy, please contact us at:
Mavenhut Limited
2 Pembroke House
Upper Pembroke Street 28-32
Dublin 2 Ireland.
Effective Date of this Policy: March 2019Importance of Asterisk (*)
Anything marked with an asterisk (*) has been sent to me for PR purpose, i.e. reviews & features or is sponsored. This includes stuff I receive in goody bags from events & purchases made with vouchers or store credits received through my blog. You can find the asterisk in the photo caption of such a blog post.
PR Friendly But Mind My Business Regulations
Jasmine Catches Butterflies is a PR Friendly blog and accepts products and samples which fall under any of the following categories; Beauty, Fashion, and Lifestyle.
If a product has been sent to me for ‘consideration’, I always check for necessary information and details with the company which I feel needs to be incorporated in my review and take my time in testing before posting any opinions. I encourage and ensure maximum transparency, and loyalty to my audience is my utmost responsibility and priority. I do not wish to mislead my audience in any way, and my promise to all my readers is that I will always provide them with my honest opinions. I would never accept money just to talk positively about a product if I don’t believe it and I reserve the right of not publishing a review if I feel it would be inconvenient. If a product sent to me for PR purposes has defects, I might ask for a replacement as it may otherwise result in a negative review.
Since Jasmine Catches Butterflies is a personal blog, I do not publish any press releases and announcements as they appear to be spammy. Besides, I do not believe in posting about products I do not have the first-hand experience with. Similarly, if you want me to feature your store (online included), business or anything else on my blog, please note that I do not consider and publish without compensation in any form, that is, you can either choose to pay in cash or send me any of your products. Also, bear in mind that I would not publish any paid PR posts until my dues are cleared. From multiple past experiences, I have realised that it’s the blogger who is always at a loss, not the brand.
Product Results, My Views & Ratings
I am not to be held responsible if a product which worked for me does not work the same for someone else. There is no guarantee of this due to varying skin types, climatic differences, a faulty product from the company etc. Also, no offence is to be taken if any of my views differ from yours or that of other people. I reserve the right to updating my reviews and posts if needed. There is no set-out break-up of the rating criteria, but it mainly depends on the product claims and how it delivers, while the practicality of packaging over the looks, and pricing are also considered as minor factors.
Advertise
If you want to play advertisements on my blog or sponsor a giveaway, kindly email me at jadirahsarmad@gmail.com to further discuss this matter.
Photo Courtesy
All the ‘jcb’ and ‘jasminecatchesbutterflies’ watermarked photos are my own and can be used without distorting the watermark for non-profitable purposes, but only with prior permission and a link back to the post. Any other photos displayed on my blog would be linked to the source if possible but I don’t claim them to be mine even if they aren’t linked for any reason and you won’t find them with my watermark. The photos used in my wishlist collages are obviously not mine and would most likely be linked to the source in the written list if possible. The watermark on those collages only claims that the collage is mine and not the photos used within it. Bear in mind, I do not permit to use any photos featured on my blog with someone else’s photo courtesy at all. In case you want to use any of my blog photos for business purposes, kindly email me at jadirahsarmad@gmail.com.
All the content on this blog is owned by Jadirah Sarmad unless indicated otherwise. Any sort of copyright infringement may (for bloggers) and will (for businesses) lead to a penalty.
I might share affiliate links in any of the blog posts and you can support my blog by making purchases through those links.
Any discount codes associated with this blog for affiliations that have ended are invalid.Summertime is the perfect season to enjoy fresh fruits and vegetables. Farmers markets are open for business, and roadside stands pop up across the country.
Anyone who loves produce knows that summer is the best time to partake in nature’s bounty.
“The freshest fruits and vegetables will likely provide the best flavor experience,” says Wendy Reinhardt Kapsak, a registered dietitian nutritionist and president and CEO of the Produce for Better Health Foundation.
In addition, the freshest produce is most likely to maintain its full nutritional value.
Getting the freshest fruits and vegetables
In fact, the fresher your fruits and vegetables are when you eat them, the better. Water makes up between 70 and 90 percent of the composition of most fruits and vegetables. Once produce is removed from its source – a vine, bush or tree — it begins to rapidly lose moisture, and its nutrient content suffers.
Refrigeration or freezing can slow this process. However, the longer you wait to eat fruits and vegetables, the more degradation occurs.
For example, studies out of the University of California have revealed that within one week of being picked, some vegetables lose 15 to 55 percent of their vitamin C content.
Because of the potential decline in nutrient quality, you want to get produce from the field to your plate as soon as possible. Shopping at farmers markets – where local farmers sell directly to customers — offers one way to this.
Stands that pop up along the highways and other roads during summer also offer great ways to get fresh produce at a bargain price.
“Roadside stands provide an excellent opportunity to support local agriculture and your local economy,” Kapsak says.
However, to get the absolute freshest produce, plant your own garden. If you are a brand-new green thumb, begin with varieties that are a little easier to grow. The U.S. Department of Agriculture suggests starting with cucumbers, herbs, peppers and tomatoes.
Once the season is over, don’t give up on the fruits and vegetables you enjoyed during the warm-weather months. The USDA reminds you that frozen and canned vegetables and fruits still pack a nutritional wallop. In fact, freezing and canning can help lock in nutrient content for a longer period of time than you are likely to get with fresh fruits and vegetables.
If you go for canned varieties, choose fruits that are packed in 100 percent fruit juice, and vegetables that are marked “low sodium” or “no salt added.”
Picking the freshest produce
Whenever you shop for produce, it is best to choose what is in season, Kapsak says. “Selecting what is in season is a great way to ensure produce is fresh and at its best,” she says.
The following staple fruits and vegetables are in season during the summer months – along with some tips from the University of Tennessee Extension about what you should look for to make sure they are at the peak of freshness:
Blueberries: Firm, plump, full-colored
Cantaloupe: Delicate aroma, thick netting that stands out
Cherries: Firm, full-sized
Corn: Plump, milky kernels
Cucumbers: Firm, bright shiny green
Grapes: Plump, but fairly soft and tender; green grapes should have slight amber blush, while darker varieties should not include green tint
Green or wax beans: Crisp, long and straight with no blemishes
Nectarines: Plump and fairly firm
Peaches: White or yellow skin color, with a red blush
Peas: Well-filled – but not swollen – and bright green
Plums: Plump and soft enough to yield to slight pressure
Radishes: Firm, plump, round and medium size, with a good red color
Summer squash: Firm and heavy, with a bright, smooth, shiny skin
Tomatoes: Plump, slightly soft and blemish-free with a rich, red color
Watermelon: Symmetrical with dull surface and cream coloring underneathWelcome to the Southport floorplan. This home is the largest in the Cove Series at over 1,600 square feet. End units are available in this layout that provide ample windows for extra natural light . Enter through your elegant foyer or into the kitchen from the one car front load garage. Entertain in your open concept living room, kitchen and dining area. Find tons of counter space for cooking holiday meals and spending time with friends. Upstairs find your secluded master suite with dual sinks, spacious shower, and walk in closet. House guests and family in the additional two bedrooms as well. Personalize the finishes in this perfectly designed home and make your personality come to life! In the Southport, you'll love the possibilities.
- Find Your HomeSee All Homes In Orlando Or use the links below to refine searchClose
- Find Your Home
- Design Your Home
- Build Your HomeWritten by David Stegon
Office of Federal Procurement Policy Administrator Dan Gordon, Department of Homeland Security Chief Procurement Officer Nick Nayak and General Services Administration Associate Administrator for the Office of Citizen Services and Innovated Technologies David McClure will be speaking on Capitol Hill on Thursday.
The three will discuss the critical challenges faced by federal contractors in spurring innovation and collaboration during a period of fiscal uncertainty before the Congressional Smart Contracting Caucus.
Congressmen and caucus co-chairs Rob Wittman and Gerry Connolly will also be in attendance.
The event starts at 1 p.m. and is in Room 2168 of the Rayburn House Office Building.Property Attributes
- MLS#21029074
- TypeLand
- CountyCHARLESTON
- CitySullivans Island
- AreaSullivans Island
- Zip29482
- Style
- Price$ 3,850,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size0.35 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Carolina One Real Estate
Data Source:
Charleston Trident MLS (CTARMLS)- 13 - SC
Property Description
Beautiful parcel of land located on a corner Lot on Sullivan's Island consisting of .35 acre, with road frontage on three sides.Excellent opportunity for construction of a new home facing Poe St., overlooking the Atlantic Ocean, with unobstructed views, & only steps to beach access path, with views to the West, overlooking the Intracoastal Waterway, etc. A 1920's beach cottage is located on the property and would be ideal for an accessory property and could be used as a Pool House, Guest House, etc. It includes L/R, D/R, Kitchen, One full B/A, Half B/A, 3 B/R's, Laundry area, & Front Screened Porch. House not considered Historic & can be removed or Buyer has the option to have it reconsidered and listed on the Historical Register of Homes as an important Historic Resource.
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWelcome to our online store. Please fill your virtual basket with any sweets you desire, and click the cart at the top of the page to check out when you’re ready.
Ingredients
Dextrose, Sugar, Malic Acid, And Less Than 2% Of Corn Syrup, Natural Flavours, Carnauba Wax, Colour Added, Carmine Colour, E133, E132, E129, E102, E110.
Allergens:
Warning – E110, E129, E102 – may have an adverse affect on the activity and attention in children. Ingredients derived from a genetically modified source.
£2.25
5 in stockYear Zero World Facts
Contents
Instances of Control
- A government organization called: The US Bureau of Morality. It retains control over most aspects of citizens lives, and in itself has other subsections, one being Child and Family Services another dealing with "Citizen Points". [1]
- People aren't allowed to just have children. Courses must be taken before regular contact with a child is allowed. [2]
- It is hard to find any kind of birth control, though some is sold on the black market. Abortion is illegal. [3]
- People now have "Citizen Points" calculated against a standard for your age, medical condition, genonic index and expected social integration. If a persons Citizen Points drop below 1000 they will find access to several services revoked including credit and hospitalization privlages, and find it harder to get promotions. [4] [5] [6]
- Nerochips are put into people on their right wrist, presumably everyone since even celebrities and heads of state have them. They've also been around for a while since the chips have reached a fifth version at least. [8]
- Citizens are encouraged to inform the government of subversive activities or thoughts by other people. Much like "1984". Subversive youths are regularly sent to boot camp. Subversives are "disappeared" to Exterminal in Guam. [9]
- There are internet access controls placed in China, leading to underground illegal net cafes. Not entirely known if the U.S. has placed these types of controls on it's citizens. [10]
Quantum Computing Experiments]
Banned Media
Numbers
Environmental Problems
- The 'Red Tide' has been greatly affecting areas of the U.S. it never has before (as far north as Boston), due to global warming. This phenomenon is called an algal bloom, it causes the water to become infested with algae turning it different colors (in the World of Year Zero so far it has been red). This kills all aquatic life and causes the water to stink and become toxic. [13]
- Endangered species are now hunted for sport and for the title of 'Omega Man'. An Omega Man referrers to someone who has killed the last of a species. Currently as of Feb 10th, there is an Omega Man advertisement for the Black Bear. Species known to have been killed by clients of the Omega Man association are: the lynx, the snow leopard, and the orangutan. [14]
- According to the statements made by Angry Sniper, baseball is able to be played in February. In present day this couldn't happen because it would be too cold, leading to the conclusion that global warming has heated up one of the coldest months of the year to the point where baseball can be enjoyed outside. You can infer a lot from the recording, but there is already an excellent article made about this explaining it in full here, thanks to Ledgekindred.
- The climate has become so unseasonably hot that spring break can be held in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Florida is most likely swamped with heat and Miami is quickly becoming water logged. [15]
Red Horse
(missing)
Erosion of Rights
- Separation of Church and State is a thing of the past, Government organizations now freely talk about God and God's will in justification of their actions. [17]
Attacks and Wars
- The U.S. has already finished conquering Iraq and has moved onto and completed conquering Iran and other places. [18]
- The 105th Airborne Crusaders were formed in response to the 2009 attacks of Los Angeles. [19]
- The 105th did many tours of various places in the middle east: "Since then, the 105th has seen rotos in Yemen, Chad, Kashmir, former-Iran, post-Iran and Turkey." [20]
- There was another terror attack in 2019, somewhere in the North East. (referring to the written part at the bottom, not the article). Also there was an attack in Seattle. [23]
- Detroit, St. Louis, and New Orleans are abandoned. Reasons unknown at the moment, but most likely from terrorist attacks much like the ones at Los Angeles. [24]
- Iran is pretty much a waste land, 'ice patrol duty' is actually a reference to the sand turned to glass from nuclear bombs. The very north area of Iran is the only area that seems to retained any normalcy. [25]
- China is the U.S.' most aggressive ally in fighting Muslim extremists in Mongolia and Indonesia, etc. [26]
Parepin.Property Attributes
- MLS#1499497
- TypeLand
- CountyKNOX
- CityUnion
- Zip04862
- Style
- Taxes$ 919
- Price$ 110,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Lot Size12.67 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Camden Real Estate Company
Data Source:
Maine Listings (MREIS) - 211 - ME
Property Description
An elevated lot of Barrett Hill Road, a lightly traveled road. The land has had some clearing done over the years. There are some scenic views in various places on the parcel. Reflagging of lines will be happening in upcoming weeks.
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool
Property vs Land Average in 04862
Statistics provided by Inside Real EstateGlossary Terms
Glossary Terms (A-C)Glossary Terms (A-C)
About SOAPware - A menu command under the Help menu that displays information regarding the version of SOAPware that is running.
Active Background - Highlighted area showing the cursor is placed in a field that is active and data can now be inserted.
Active Problems field - Located in the Summary chart section this field is for documenting all medical problems for which the patient is currently being treated.
Active Provider- Located under the SOAPware menu and displays a dialog box of all providers that have a SOAPware license within the practice. The name of the Active also displays at the top of the SOAPware screen.
Addendum - Text that is added to a document after it has been finalized.
Alerts - Pop-ups or reminders. An automated warning system such a clinical alerts, preventive health maintenance, medication interactions etc.
Ambulatory Care - Medical care provided on an outpatient basis.
AMP - An acronym for “Amping up your documentation” suggesting that users begin entering structured data within the Assessment, Medications, and Plan fields.
Allergies field - Located in the Summary chart section this field is for documenting the patient's allergies.
All Refill Requests - A queue under the View menu that houses all pending electronic refill requests for the Active Provider.
Archiver - Located under the Chart menu and is a utility that allows the user to remove inactive patient charts from the Chart Rack.
Assessment field - Located in the SOAPnote chart section this field is to document the patient's diagnosis related to that days visit.
Available Document Designs - An area that lists all available print reports. This area can either be docked, accessed from the Docutainers menu by clicking on Print, or by clicking on the Print button on the common tool bar.
Billing Statement chart section - An area where all Billing Statements are created and stored for the patient.
Bubble Bar - An optional toolbar located at the bottom of the SOAPware screen that allows the user to access other workspaces within SOAPware. The Bubble Bar can be displayed by selecting it from the View menu.
CCR (Continuity of Care Records) - A standardized electronic snapshot of a patient's medical record, demographic and insurance. Data is transmitted in XML enabling a patient's CCR to be shared among any number of providers.
CCR chart section - the area in which CCR records will be stored.
Change Password - Located under the Tools menu this allows the user to change their SOAPware password.
Chart Layouts - Located under the View menu this allows users to create individual chart layouts consisting of tabbed chart sections.
Chart Navigator - Located under the Chart menu (or as a Docked Tab) this area houses and allows the user to access all the patients chart sections.
Chart Rack - Located under the Chart menu this area houses all patient charts and allows the user to create new charts.
Chart Section - Specific areas in the chart to document the patient's medical information. For example: Radiology, SOAPnotes, Demographics etc.
Chart Section Editor - An area located under the Tools menu that allows for the creation of new Chart Sections and setting Default Docuplates.
Clinical Alerts Manager - Located under the Tools menu, this is an area that allows the user to set prompts or reminders when a defined value is found in a specific location. For example, a Diabetes diagnosis in the Active Problems field or a certain CPT.
Contacts - located under the Tools menu, allows you to keep a master list of all referring providers.
Correspondence In chart section - An area where correspondence received from outside the clinic can be stored.
Correspondence Out chart section - An area where correspondence sent out of the clinic, such as consult letters or work excuses, can be stored.
CPOE Computerized Provider Order Entry - CPOE refers to the act of a clinician entering an order for patient services into an information system.
CPT Current Procedural Terminology - The purpose of CPT codes is to provide a uniform language that accurately describes medical, surgical, and diagnostic services.
Custom Demographic Titles - An area that allows the user to define custom patient information such as, emergency contact or guardian information.
Glossary Terms (D-H)Glossary Terms (D-H)
Data conversion - The conversion of data from one software to another.
Data Explorer - Located under the SOAPware menu and is a workspace that allows for specific database searches to be created and performed. For example, all patients with the diagnosis of diabetes.
Demographics - A chart section that contains all basic patient demographic information.
Docked Tabs - Commonly used tools that can be docked to any of the four edges of the SOAPware screen, float or remain locked open.
Document Demographics - Information about the document including a date and time stamp.
Document Importer - A workspace that allows the user to drag and drop documents into a patients chart section without the need to open each individual chart.
Document Management - Allows the clinic to store the patients X-rays, paper reports, Lab reports etc. Document Management includes scanning, dragging and dropping directly into the patients chart and Document Importer.
Docutainers - A hybrid word for Documentation Containers. Most chart sections within SOAPware are docutainers due to the fact that they can contain not only documents but PDFs, video files, images, etc.
Docuplates - A hybrid word for Documentation Templates. Docuplates can be created for almost any chart section and consist of pre-built data entry to allow for speeder documentation.
Document Designer - An area that allows for documents to be created for printing, faxing or storing in the patients chart.
Document History - A history of when a document was created and updated. Also shows by which user and on what computer the document was updated.
Drug Interactions - A feature of the Rx manager that can run an interaction check between the contents of the Active Problems, Mediation and Allergy fields in the Summary against the medications that are being prescribed within the SOAPnote.
Eligibility - Patient insurance eligibility data which can be checked either individually or in batches.
EM Coder - Located under the Tools menu, the EM Coder is the utility that helps the provider determine the level of service to be charged based on documentation.
Encryption - Process of converting messages or data into a form that cannot be read without decrypting or deciphering it.
e-Prescribing - Prescribing medication through an automated data-entry process and transmitting the information to participating pharmacies.
Export - Located under the Chart menu and is a tool used to export a SOAPware patient chart in a format that will allow the chart to be imported into another SOAPware database.
Exit SOAPware - Located under the SOAPware menu this will allow the user to exit the SOAPware program.
Facilities - All clinics that are set up under the Scheduler workspace.
Family History field - Located in the Summary chart section this field is for documenting the patient's medical family history.
Field Header - The beginning of a SMARText data block in a Chart Section.
Financial chart section - An area that houses all financial related documents that do not need a provider's signature. For example, letters from insurance companies.
Flow Sheets - An area to create, store and monitor patient flow sheets.
Flow Sheet items - Located under the Tools menu this allows the user to create and edit flow sheet items.
Follow up field - Located in the SOAPnote chart section this field is for the patients follow up instructions.
Groups - Located under the Tools menu as “Manage Groups” this allows the user to designate a billing provider. Insurance companies identify the providers by which group they are assigned.
Growth Charts chart section - An area that allows users to automatically track growth rates and percentile comparisons for patients over time. The measurements are automatically plotted on a standard, growth chart graph, which can be viewed onscreen or printed out for off line use.
Handouts - Located under the Docutainers menu this allows the user to create, edit and delete patient handouts.
Header (or SMARText Header) - The first word or description of a SMARText item, usually in large dark blue font. For example the name of a medication or diagnosis.
Health Maintenance chart section - The area to track preventative and chronic disease health care.
Health Maintenance Rules and Sets - Located under the Tools menu this area is for creating, editing and deleting Health Maintenance Rules and Sets.
Health Maintenance Rules - Individual items that Health Maintenance can track. An example of this would be an Influenza vaccine or a mammogram.
Health Maintenance Sets - A collection/set of rules. It's a way to group a set of related items together, such as sets of vaccines for age groups or sets of items related to preventative health care for diabetes.
Help - Located on the menu toolbar this contains company contact information as well as access to documentation material and product version information.
HIPAA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act - HIPAA seeks to establish standardized mechanisms for electronic data interchange (EDI), security, and confidentiality of all healthcare-related data.
HIPAA Disclosures chart section - An area for storing HIPAA documents.
History and Physicals chart section - An area to store the patient's History and Physicals.
HITECH Act (The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health.
Glossary Terms (I-P)Glossary Terms (I-P)
ICD-9 or ICD-10 International Classification of Diseases - ICD is the classification and coding of diseases and injuries.
Import - Located under the Chart menu, and is a tool to import a previously exported SOAPware chart into a SOAPware database.
Inactive Problems field - Located in the Summary chart section this field is for documenting the patients past medical history.
Insurance Companies - Located under the Tools menu this is a master list of all insurance companies and related information.
Item Bundles- A SMARText item in which several separate SMARText items can be “bundled” together to be displayed when the Bundle is selected.
Item Clusters - A SMARText item in which several separate SMARText items can be “clustered” together. A cluster is different than a bundle in that clusters have no header to be selected.
Item Groupers - A SMARText item in which several different items can be combined and inserted at the same time with one shortcut code.
Intervention field - Located in the Summary chart section, this field is to record miscellaneous information.
In Use- Located under the Docutainers menu this will show what user is in a locked section of a chart, what computer they are on and the date and time they were in the chart.
Keywords - Provide a method for searching in areas of SOAPware such as Docuplates and SMARText. Keywords are assigned when creating an item or can be added or edited later.
Labs chart section - An area to store in-house labs results or labs done at other facilities.
Lab Tests - Located under the Tools menu and allows for the creation, editing and deletion of specific lab tests and their parameters.
List Options - A section of SOAPware located under the Tools menu that controls what options are available for selection in various drop down locations in SOAPware. Here, you can modify existing lists or remove unused lists or list items.
Lock Layout - Located under the View menu, this removes the ability to X out of a chart section.
Log Out - Located under the SOAPware menu, this will log the user out of SOAPware.
Macro - A SMARText shortcut code that enters a SMARText item or block of text quickly when typed in field and the spacebar is pressed.
Meaningful Use - A set of standards enforced by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in addition to HIPAA standards and regulations.
Memo chart section - An area that can hold sensitive patient information for which access can be limited through security settings.
Merger - A utility that allows users to merge duplicate charts.
Messages chart section - An area in which messages such as phone calls, can be documented.
Misc chart section - An area to store miscellaneous documents.
NDC (National Drug Code) - A medical code set maintained by the FDA that contains codes for drugs that are FDA approved. A medication must have an NDC number to be sent via Rx Manager.
Objective Field - Located in the SOAPnote, the Objective field is for documenting the patient's physical exam.
OCR - Optical Character Recognition is the translation of documents into text. OCR works better with simple documents that do not contain images or special characters.
Options - Located under the Tools menu the Options area is where user specific settings are designated.
Order Entry - A utility in which the user can order labs/tests and fax to outside facilities.
Order Manager - Another component of Order Entry in which the user can define specific sub- items before ordering the labs/tests.
Pathology chart section - An area in which to store pathology reports.
Pharmacies - Located under the Tools menu this area is used to search for and download pharmacies that will except electronic prescriptions and manually add pharmacies that accept faxed prescriptions.
Pick List - A type of SMARText item in which a macro or shortcut code has a list of SMARText items associated with it. For example a medication pick list could display a list of commonly prescribed medications for the provider to choose from.
Print - Located under the Docutainers menu this selection will bring up a list of Available Document Designs.
Printed Encounter chart section - An area in which printed patient encounter notes can be stored.
Plan field - Located in the SOAPnote this field is for documenting any CPTs and care plans associated with the patients visit.
PMS - Practice Management System.
Provider Manager - Located under the Tools menu this area houses provider demographic information such as DEA, NPI numbers, and can also store the provider's electronic signature to be imported onto document designs.
Physical field - Located in the Summary section this is a legacy field from earlier versions of SOAPware in which the most recent patient objective exam can be stored.
Glossary Terms (R-Z)Glossary Terms (R-Z)
Radiology chart section - An area in which radiology reports can be stored.
Reference Library - Located under the SOAPware menu, this is an area that providers can store reference material.
Re-file- This button, located on the Common Toolbar and under the Chart menu, re-files the chart back into the Chart Rack. CAUTION: Due to CCHIT certification criteria it is possible to re-file a chart that contains unsigned documents. The ability to do this can be restricted through Security settings.
Remove Unused Items - Located under the Edit menu and available by right clicking over any field header, this command allows you to remove any unused SMARText item.
ROS (Review of Systems) field - Located in the Summary section this is another legacy field from an earlier version of SOAPware in which the patients most recent Review of Systems can be stored.
Rx Hub - The ability (in SOAPware 2010.1 and later versions) to check the patient's prescription insurance eligibility.
Rx Manager - The tool used by which prescriptions can be sent electronically, faxed, or printed. A history of medications prescribed and discontinued is kept here as well.
Scheduler - A workspace that manages patient appointments, holiday closings, provider and clinic schedules.
Security - The security system in SOAPware has been set up to help ensure only authorized users are able to access patients' information. Once a user has logged into the system, the security system will track everything the user views and it logs all changes the user makes.
Security Manager - A workspace which allows the user to track users actions within SOAPware. The user must have their own login ID and password to be tracked.
Share Charts - A workspace which allows the user to export all or portions of a medical record to a PDF file.
Signature Password - Signature Password, when enabled, will require passwords to sign off documents and to have multiple providers co-sign on the same documents.
SMARText - A tool to create, edit and use structured documentation that is both searchable and reportable. There are several different types of SMARText items such as diagnosis, CPTs, Medications and pick lists.
SMARText Builder - An advanced workspace which will allow the user to create SMARText Item Clusters and SMARText Item Groupers.
SMARText Color Coding - A setting located under the Tools menu which allows the user to color code specific SMARText items such as pick lists, field headers, and the active background.
SMARText Designer - The area in which a SMARText item is created or the original SMARText item is edited.
SMARText Location Pick List - A user-specific pick list that will display previously used SMARText items in the SMARText Quick Access depending on what field the cursor is active in.
SMARText Manager - Located under the Docutainers menu, this area is for searching for SMARText items and opening the SMARText Designer to create or edit a SMARText item.
SMARText Quick Access - Located under the Tools menu, this dialog box is used in conjunction with pick lists, SMARText location pick lists, and SMARText sub-items. It can be docked for easier access.
SNOMED CT® - Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine – Clinical Terms - SNOMED CT ® is a clinical, health care terminology and infrastructure. SNOMED CT ® contains over 366,170 health care concepts with unique meanings and formal logic-based definitions organized into hierarchies.
SOAPnote - A documentation or progress note format that consists of Subjective, Objective, Assessment and Plan fields. In SOAPware, the Plan field has been further divided to include the Medication Field and the Follow up Field.
SOAPnote chart section - An area in which to document all patient visits and communication.
SOAPnote Medication field - Located in the SOAPnote chart section, the Medication field is used to document and prescribe all the patients medications.
Social History field - Located in the Summary chart section the Social History field is for documenting social issues such as living situation, support systems etc.
Splitter Bar - Located in almost all chart sections, the splitter bars (located above or below a section) can open or close to reveal the document date and stamp as well as other action buttons used to manage the document.
Subjective field - Located in the SOAPnote chart section, this field is for documenting the patient's Chief Complaint, History of Present Illness and Review of Systems. This area is also used to document patient phone calls.
Structured Data - Structured data is managed by technology that allows for querying and reporting against predetermined data types and understood relationships.
Structured CPT- A SMARText item used to document level of service or procedures in the Plan field.
Structured Dx - A SMARText item used to document the patient's diagnosis.
Structured Order Entry - A SMARText item that is used in the Order Manager or with Order Entry.
Structured Rx - A SMARText medication item that can be e-Prescribed.
Summary chart section - An area to record the patients past medical, family and social history.
Summary to SOAP - An option that can be set under the Tools-Options menu that will copy specified areas of the Summary chart section into the SOAPnote chart section.
Summary Medication field - This medication field located in the summary chart section is for documenting all medications the patient is currently taking.
Surgeries field - Located in the summary chart section, this field is for documenting the patients past surgeries and procedures.
Tasks- A reminder located on the user's task list that needs to be completed.
Task Manager- An area in which each user can manage and complete patient related tasks such as refill requests, lab results etc.
Tobacco Field - Located in the summary chart section, this field is for documenting the patient's tobacco use history.
Unfiled chart section - An area in which documents that do not belong in other chart section can be kept. For example, scanned documents from paper charts.
View Previous Encounters - Located under the Tools menu, this utility allows the user to view the patients previous encounters while also viewing the current one. A previous encounter, or part of it, can also be added to the new encounter if desired.
View Signatures - A right-click menu option that displays when a document was signed off, by whom and at what computer.
Vital Signs chart section - An area for documenting and graphing the patient's vital signs.
Workspaces - Areas within SOAPware to manage and record patient care.In plethora of countries, the financial sector is facing major challenges as new online services are formed. The government is aggressively searching to encourage new entrants, and the executives are looking to upgrade their legacy systems so that the never-ending expectations of digital savvy customers can be met. Well, this is only possible by implementing the proven strategies of digital marketing for finance industry.
In this blog post, we will be exploring the key trends, latest digital innovations and developments, and how they relate to both business and consumer markets that range from reputable brands and new startups to IFA intermediary market for financial services.
The Change in AdWords Affects Financial Services
Google AdWords and Display Advertising, often referred to as Paid Search Marketing or PPC, is not new for most financial establishments, and it still holds critical importance to new customer acquisition in the financial services sector. Throughout the year, there has been a drastic change in the financial keywords, and it may be wise to alter your bids and campaigns accordingly.
Here are some important trends for financial services brands using AdWords; Google's new re-design, the aggregating importance of quality scores, the increasing significance of negative keywords, and increased AdWords spend that grows the bids up.
The Importance of Apps and Great mobile UX for Financial Services
Financial transactions through mobile apps have showcased enormous growth, screening a key trend in how customers handle their finances.
When it comes to digital marketing for finance industry, data reflects that the customers in the UK have downloaded banking apps on 22.9 million occasions by the end of March 2016, which is a rise of 8.2 million in just a year (Source BBA) as mobile banking overtakes branches and desktop as one of the most popular ways to conduct banking.
This trend is not confined to just banking, mobile apps are now being used to renew policies for insurers, serve interactions between the company and intermediaries/suppliers in the insurance sector and different pay platforms are transforming the mobile payments at the point of sale.
New technology is starting to make a major impact on the functionality of mobile app for financial services. New features such as biometric logins, mobile alerts and AI in mobile apps are all starting to be used by the most innovative companies in the marketplace.
User Experience (UX) and Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO)
Perhaps the most major change within digital marketing for finance industry is its approach to UX and product design. The Financial Services Industry has traditionally created UX and design experiences from an expert point of view but this has significantly changed with a greater understanding of UX being about the digital customer combined with a data-driven process of customer insight.
As a consequence, banks, insurance companies, and financial institutions are now building strong in-house design capability which is shaping new product design and development. Examples of this change include Direct Line, Nationwide and Old Mutual who have both invested heavily in recruited design and UX skills in-house.
UX and design should be included at a strategic level of product development because FS brands lose a valuable opportunity in framing the problem from a customer’s point of view. Make sure you have invested good in-house resource for design and robust user experience research up front.
Additional Key Trends
Other key areas where financial services companies need to be aware of major trends for 2017 include:
Emerging Technology, such as digital share dealing.
CRM trends, such as single customer view, channel integration.
Changing in Social Media Channels, such as increased use of video and social messaging platforms.
Digital investment advisors.Menopause and sleep disturbances impact biological aging
Most of us know from experience that tossing and turning at night means feeling rotten the next day. And many of us understand that there are long-term health consequences when we’re short-changed on sleep.
But recently I found out something new from a fascinating study on sleep and its effect on how fast postmenopausal women’s genes age – which is known as their “epigenetic age.”
In the study, postmenopausal women with 5 insomnia symptoms were nearly 2 years older biologically than similar women with no insomnia symptoms. The more insomnia symptoms — waking up at night, not being able to fall back asleep, disturbed sleep and so on — the greater the effect. If you’re sleeping only 6 hours a night, however, it doesn’t seem to increase your epigenetic age — so long as it’s restful sleep. And that, of course, is where a lot of us have trouble.
So what can we do about all this? I like to point out that the research shows that our genes are not entirely out of our control, and we can influence how they respond by taking better care of ourselves. For those of us who are done with menopause and may be having trouble sleeping, this means looking at ways we can improve our rest.
4 sleep tips to try
- Keep a regular schedule. Your brain likes consistency, so go to bed by 11 and at the same regular hour each night and in a dark room.
- Turn off the electronics! Computers, TVs, phones — they all are the enemy of sleep. Even a short duration of light shining in your eyes fools your brain into thinking it’s time to wake up. Shut down at least an hour before bedtime every night without fail, and put your phone on its charger in another room so you’re not tempted to look at it if you can’t sleep.
- Eat early and moderately. Heavy meals too close to bedtime disrupt sleep, while avoiding caffeine and stimulations (like dramatic/stressful TV shows)
- Keep relaxing once in bed. Once in bed, consider practicing relaxing abdominal breathing or guided visualizations like those of Yoga Nidra.
You can see more of my favorite sleep remedies in the checklist to the right, including adrenal-supporting Serinisol from Women’s Health Network.
Reference:
Carroll, Judith E. et al. Epigenetic aging and immune senescence in women with insomnia symptoms: Findings from the Women’s Health Initiative Study, Biological Psychiatry, Volume 0 , Issue 0.Sleep Choices Mattresses – the best selection you can make Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
When it involves choosing the appropriate cushion, it can be really hard. There are so many options, that your head might begin to turn as well as you will certainly end up buying the very first one, that you have actually seen in the commercial. Slow down as well as keep one’s cool if you wish to buy a really premium bed mattress. Remember, that you are resting since your mind and body wants to rest after a lengthy and also difficult day, so it is really important to have a great and reliable cushion or you are going to wind up waking up with a headache, backache as well as all another discomfort that you can obtain. Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
Get yourself a favorite or coffee, relax, kick back and also provide a few minutes of your time to read this review about Sleep Choices as well as the Snuz cushions. You will see that your searches might come to the end, as you will certainly found out what it is an actually good bed mattress.
Video: Sleep Choices Snuz Mattresses
Sleep Choices Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
Rest Choices have over 50 years of experience in making mattresses. With a lot of years, they have actually been developing and also renewing a lot of modern technologies that are a bit old and also developing some brand-new ones. If you are having troubles with your resting, are getting up in the middle of the evening, really feeling tired in the early morning, you ought to take into consideration concerning Snuz mattress by Sleep Choices. These mattresses are made with decreasing overheating, additionally advertises proper spinal positioning. Sleep Choices gives you with a mattress that you will certainly intend to rest on it for life and also not leave it in the early morning!
What is the secret? Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
The Snuz Mattress by Sleep Choices has 7 areas which each comforts a different part of your body. Your body has various areas while laying on a mattress. Each component of your body requires to be either sustained or eliminated of pressure. If your bed mattress is uncomplicated and also does not have any type of zones that are especially made for your body, you will obtain that exhaustion in the early morning. So allow’s obtain more clear in what does that mean:
There are solid zones that are created for the support bed mattress which is suggested to do every half a year or year, you will certainly have a support for the head
There are zones for stress relief Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
➢ 2 Shoulder Zone – decreases offers the Snuz bed mattress that are made from quality products that help you to really feel fresh and also totally awake in the morning. Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
The Snuz cushions are made of:
➢ Knitted cover which assists bed mattress to ventilate and also keep you cool while you are resting.
➢ Foam of polyester that lowers movement moving, so you would certainly not feel your companion relocating.
➢ Graphite infused foam which aids to remove all smells that creates with time.
➢ Memory foam which is listed below the top layer. It has actually grooved channels and assists air to distribute in the cushion.
➢ Foam of high density that sustains and also holds your body.
These zoned cushions are developed for each kind of sleeper
If you like or need to sleep on your back, but you just simply can’t do that because of the awkward mattress that you have obtained, Sleep Choices got you. The Snuz cushions are developed for the back sleepers that they would certainly obtain the support that they require. As a result of the 7-zone assistance, the cushion is completely connected to your body shape and offers the essential assistance for each various component of your body. Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
If you like to rest on the side, so you will certainly require a high-pressure relief in your shoulder location in order to you feel comfortable. Additionally, your spinal column has to be straightened, in an additional way you will certainly get some significant discomfort in the early morning. For the side sleepers, the Snuz bed mattress by Sleep Choices are giving high assistance on the lower body area and pressure relief in the hip and shoulder location.
Firmness
If you would rate The Snuz Mattress with a suppleness range, this mattress would remain in a 5 to 6 at the scale. This means, that the Sleep Choices bed mattress are mainly created all kind of sleepers that requires tool firmness. Each component of these bed mattress is made to supply an equivalent quantity of assistance or stress alleviation. In this way, your various parts of the body feel comfortable and as the result – you are getting up fresh and totally rested.
Activity transferring is nothing any longer Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
All of us understand that aggravating sensation when you feel your companion getting up first in the early morning and also waking up you. Why? Due to the fact that you really feel the motion transfer. Well, presume what – with the Snuz Mattresses by Sleep Choices you can rest as much as you desire even if your companion needs to get up early. The Sleep Choices mattresses are from the thick layer of foam which is not moving any activity as the latex ones, as an example. These cushions are taking in most vibration, so those sleepers that are sharing the bed with a companion, child and even a pet dog – will certainly sleep like an infant as well as do not feel any kind of movements at all. Mattress Sale Queen Pillow Top
Last Thoughts
So, in conclusion this evaluation regarding Sleep Choices cushions, if you are searching for a cushion that has convenience, assistance, as well as good prices – be sure to think about checking The Snuz bed mattress. If you like cooling down as well as fresh feeling during all your rest – Sleep Choices have something to provide you.Chi odia paga: a new platform to fight hatred online
15 April 2020 | Written by La redazione
After the launch phase, from 15 April the legaltech platform presents a completely renewed design and a series of new services and partnerships
Defend the targets of hatred online by making access to all the actions necessary to legally respond to the attacks of the haters of which the user is a victim accessible directly on the web. This is the goal of Chi Odia Paga, the innovative startup with a social vocation launched in Milan in 2018, which has renewed its legaltech platform and now launches new services, partnerships and a social campaign.
The new services. By browsing on it will be possible to access additional technical services to combat hatred online, such as the legalization of digital evidence, which will allow the forensic acquisition that can be used in court for the hatred conducted; the take-down, or the automatic removal or de-indexing of online offenses; and finally the digital warning, or the formal invitation to the hater not to continue in the offensive conduct, warning him of the consequences that may derive from his default.
These services are in addition to digital legal feedback, the first service made available to victims of hate crime online already during the beta phase, which allows you to know for free if the hatred behaviors of which you are a victim are legally punishable.
All this was made possible by the strengthening of the team with the entry of the new CTO, Francesco Grotta, who brings his decades of experience in the development of web technology solutions.
New partners. The legalization service was carried out thanks to the technical partnership signed exclusively by COP with Kopjra, the startup specializing in the protection of intellectual property and privacy on the Internet, and with the legal publisher Giuffrè Francis Lefebvre.
The methodological validity and usefulness of the legaltech services offered by Chi Odia Paga is further confirmed by the newly recognized patronage of the project by the Milan Bar Association.
“With the release of the official platform, a process of collaboration begins with the best players in the Italian legaltech ecosystem and dialogue with institutions – says Francesco Inguscio, founder and CEO of COP – in order to create the first integrated hate-fighting system online, which will continuously evolve in the coming months to become the reference solution to eradicate hatred from the Net thanks to the law “.
The new campaign: #NonDiffusioneOdio. The online launch of the new platform is accompanied by the social campaign #NonDiffusioneOdio, with which Chi Odia Paga appeals to the world of the web to share, in addition to the hashtag, the ad hoc vademecum created containing 5 tips to put a stop to the virality of the words that incite hatred.
In fact, it is precisely in these days that we have witnessed a “viral” spread of hatred online, especially on hate speech and revenge porn, for which a “cure” is necessary."If history were taught in the form of stories it would never be forgotten." Rudyard Kipling.
Searchers is a collection of true stories spanning two centuries, of people in search of escape, fame, wealth, glory, self-fulfillment, retribution, redemption, or just plain adventure. There are tales of white slaves, a would-be explorer and the woman who fulfilled his dreams, an old-time bandit, gold seekers, a swindle, a war that wasn't a war, the Mountie who was instrumental in the peaceful settling of the Canadian West, outlaws who terrorized British Columbia's Nicola Valley, a 22-year-old who flew a bomber deep into the heart of Germany during WWII to blow up a dam, the search for a missing aircraft in the Arctic, and more.
An
Eagle Creek
Publication
MY BOOKS
"Readers with an interest in Canadian history, a taste for adventure and a love of books set in the great outdoors, will find Gallaher's series a delightful way to encounter the epic elements of our past." Prairie Fire Review of Books
MY CDs
"Memorable songs...akin to (those) of Stan Rogers and James Keelaghan. ... songs such as The Last Battle (and) Augustus & Catherine...have become as integral a part of the Canadian folk repertoire as Stan Rogers' Northwest Passage and Gordon Lightfoot's Early Morning Rain." Northern Journey (The bible of Canadian folk music)
Please note: CDs are available only via email in mp3 zipped files or by post on a USB memory stick.Nurturey, the smartest digital upgrade to the NHS paper red book, gives you access to online GP services such as GP/Midwife appointments, Prescriptions, Health Records, NHS Articles and Videos and more!
Book an appointment with your GP/Midwife instantly and take charge of your family's health! Our PinkBook's 'Appointment' feature manages your GP visits for you and your child such as health checkups, pregnancy reviews, follow-ups, vaccinations, consultations and more.
Never worry about forgetting to get your prescription medication! With just a tap on a button, choose the prescription you’d like refilled and order them into your local pharmacy to pick up at your convenience.
Communicate with your GP through our messaging service, asking them your family’s health questions such as vaccinations, measurements, your pregnancy questions relating to pregnancy check ups and prenatal tests, follow ups to consultations and any other query you may have about your family's or your own health.
Benefit from our extremely insightful and trusted resource - the Content Library from NHS! Directly sourced from the NHS systems, our intelligent algorithmic targeting makes sure you receive the most relevant and up-to-date information to help you on your parenting journey. Get relevant parental guidance on vaccinations, child growth and development, child health, pregnancy and other health related topics.
Directly from NHS systems, our weekly guide describes the week-by-week growth and development of the baby as well as the changes the mother is going through. Learn about your growing family as you get a weekly snapshot of the physical, emotional and social lowdown of a pregnancy.
Pregnancy is a journey - and we have the best guide for you! The Pregnancy Guides by NHS is an easy to access, trusted content repository that helps inform women about the most commonly searched pregnancy topics like pregnancy journey, pregnancy check ups, vaccinations during pregnancy, health and nutrition, all directly from the NHS systems.We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn More
Draper - Fibreglass Pick Axe/Mattock Shaft (915mm)
SKU
DRP-85210
More Information
Draper - Fibreglass Pick Axe/Mattock Shaft (915mm) 915mm pick axe shaft, made from high density polyethylene covered fibreglass. The fibreglass core contains 60% continuous unidirectional and longitudinal glass fibres. Attached with a soft grip rubber handle. Sold loose.Her Name's Bitiya. She Is A Rapist's Worst Nightmare With An Inspiring Courage To Fight Back Against All Odds
For as long as anyone can remember, upper-caste men in this north Indian village have preyed on young girls. The rapes continued because there was no risk; the girls were destroyed, but the men faced no repercussions.
Bitiya- an inspiration.
A victim of rape.
TOI.
Rapists arrested, case still on.
'I want them in jail'
The rape suspects offered a Rs 9,72.
The impact of fighting back.
(Originally published in The Times of India)
The Conversation (0)
Start a conversation, not a fire. Post with kindness.“Manager Ready”, a customised programme was organised by the Indo-German Training Centre for Hamburg Süd on 28th and 29th of March 2019. Hamburg Süd is a strong brand in the international logistics service sector. As a container shipping company, Hamburg Süd stands for quality, outstanding customer service, and a personal point of contact in 250 offices in over 100 countries worldwide.
The idea of training incepted with the thought process of having the managers equipped with the vital leadership skillset when they transform from being a colleague to being a “BOSS”. In an organization, this is perhaps the most challenging issue and has rarely been recognised. As a manager of a single employee or a group of employees, one suddenly transforms into a “Boss”. Mr Heiko Mohn, General Manager, Hamburg Süd expressed the need to have a Manager Ready Programme to synergise the energy of his managers so that they demonstrate the right character for effective leadership.
This program was thus designed to explore the various facets of Managerial Responsibilities and develop skill sets to be Manager Ready. Dr. Anita Badyopadhyay facilitated the two-day workshop. She is an acclaimed expert in leadership development, talent management, performance management and HR processes. 20 managers handling key functions at various levels were nominated by Hamburg Süd to be a part of this exclusive programme.
Key objectives of the tailored two-day workshop covered the following points:
• Managers Role – The challenge of responding to expectations of stakeholders
• Communication – Being perceptive and developing relationships
• Setting Objectives – Inspiring teams to achieve their objectives
• Leadership Style – Task Vs. Relationship
Mr Heiko Mohn opened the 1st day of workshop by inducting his team, he expressed that he envisages his team members to grow not only professionally but also stimulate their personal growth by being a part of the programme. Radhieka R Mehta, Director of Indo- German Training Centre welcomed the team to the IGTC learning environment. Team Hamburg Süd then was geared up to spend the next two days with the expert Dr. Anita.
Team Hamburg Süd then set on a journey of exploring what exactly is leadership? They spent insightful two-days filled with answering retrospective questions and engaging in meaningful discussions and exercise. They were exposed to the fact that qualities, characteristics, and skills required in a leader are determined to a large extent by the demands of a situation in which he has to function as a leader.
A few key takeaways by the participants were –
• Right communication is vital for leadership
• Planning, organising and optimising resources at work is essential
• Understanding and handling situations with subordinates
Some of the testimonials generated after the training were “It was good learning and changed my perception towards the company. The tools and techniques provided have challenged me to get out of my comfort zone and I am sure I can apply this to my personal and official interactions and ensure things work in my favour.” Another one says “I am very thankful to my management for having me enrolled in the training; it has helped me identify the key stakeholders involved and then channel my communications in the direction”.
Mr Heiko Mohn closed the workshop with a small but warm speech in which he thanked his team for the strong support rendered. He conveyed his gratitude towards IGTC for helping him bridge the gap. Radhieka R Mehta also shared her experiences briefly and gave the managers a few vital tips on implementing the new skillset learnt before the group parted.HARDWARE DIY By Will Fastie I’ll say it again — it’s not the building, it’s the planning. A favorite saying about war plans is that they do not surviv
[See the full post at: Opal: How I planned my new build]
We're community supported and proud of it!
Home » Forums » AskWoody blog » Opal: How I planned my new build
HARDWARE DIY By Will Fastie I’ll say it again — it’s not the building, it’s the planning. A favorite saying about war plans is that they do not surviv
[See the full post at: Opal: How I planned my new build]
Will, Thanks for all these great choices.
For readers who may not be as familiar with cooling as you already are,
your next “build” article could briefly mention the extra help that
results from exploiting the physics of “hot air rising”. In our larger chassis
which he leave on the floor — where the cooler air is plentiful —
we typically add an Antec V-Cool fan. This 3-speed fan intakes air
from the bottom rear exterior of the chassis, and blows it upwards inside.
Clearly, this configuration works best when the PSU is top-mounted.
If a PSU is bottom-mounted, its warmer exhaust air will simply
be drawn into the Antec V-Cool, which is not ideal. Nevertheless,
the higher quality PSUs are so efficient now, their exhaust air
usually does not get nearly as hot as high-performance CPUs and GPUs.
Hope this helps!
The Noctua DH-15 comes with two fans, both of which push air rearward. That should make the general front-to-rear airflow stronger and thus tend to take the heat rising from the PSU and bend it toward the rear more than it would otherwise.
In the be quiet! case, the PSU is on the bottom.
Also, I wish more chassis manufacturers would add an extra PCI slot
in the otherwise empty space between the left side panel, and
the other PCIe slot covers. This would be an ideal place for another
intake fan which would blow more cooler directly onto the PCIe slots
and add-in cards. Lots of fans are designed to exhaust air out
an otherwise empty PCI slot; an identical fan that intakes cooler air
is much harder to find. If my memory is correct, I believe Cooler Master
did offer a few tower chassis with an extra PCI slot arranged parallel
to the left side panel. I’m looking forward to your “build” article.
Keep up the good work!
exploiting the physics of “hot air rising”
Fans overcome any passive cooling effect so there is no point in trying to use that in addition to forced cooling. It’s more important to prevent fans competing against one another than anything else.
cheers, Paul
p.s. hot air doesn’t rise, gravity pulls the heavier cooler air down which disperses the warmer air.
The convention is for air intakes to be on the front (or sometimes on the bottom, and more rarely the sides these days, though that used to be more common) and exhausts to be on the back (or sometimes also the top). This directs the hot airflow away from the user, and it has a minimum amount of mixing of cold and hot air externally. The airflow is fairly linear within the case, front to back, so that passively-cooled components like hard drives, VRM mosfets, and the PCH are cooled by the air being delivered to the CPU fan or GPU.
A PSU that pulls air from within the case will, under heavy load, run warmer than one that pulls its air from the bottom or from the front (with the PSU partitioned from the rest of the case). When I was doing stress testing on my desktop (Sandy Bridge, 95w TDP with factory clocking… that was with ~3400 MHz turbo boost speed on all four cores, and I have it at 4500 on all four, so it is well above 95w, and the GPU is even more than that), I noticed a lot of fan noise, but when I checked, all of my system fans were at moderate speeds.
The only one that was not directly being monitored and controlled by SpeedFan was the one in the PSU. Not only was the PSU being asked to supply a lot of power, but it was also pulling its cooling air from the inside of the case, where all that power it had supplied had heated the air. The intake of the PSU faced directly toward the CPU cooler and the area right behind it where the hottest air pooled before being removed from the case by the exhaust fan.
That was with a bronze-rated PSU; my current one is gold rated, and it gets its air from the bottom of the case. With this setup, the PSU’s fan has never spun fast enough to be audible, which also means the PSU is running cool and should last longer than if it was getting really hot.
Dell XPS 13/9310, i5-1135G7/16GB, KDE Neon
Dell G3 15/3579, i7-8750H/16GB, KDE Neon
Asus P8P67 Deluxe, i5-2500k/16GB, KDE Neon
We have RAID controllers in several PCs, and
we prefer to cool the AIC heatsinks with active cooling.
This has worked very well for us, for many years.
Downside, of course, is a little more fan noise.
I wish to disagree with you about “hot air rising”
e.g. hot air balloons — because of the gas laws (PV/T aka “ideal gas law”).
Just hold your hand over a toaster long enough to feel the heat.
” p.s. hot air doesn’t rise, gravity pulls the heavier cooler air down which disperses the warmer air. ”
…. and then it rises!
The Core i5-11600K is an excellent choice. It does, however, have one parameter that may be problematic for some users. It’s 125W TDP rating is rather high and, during heavy workloads it may burn up to 176 watts, thus generating considerable heat (per Tomshardware.com). Your Noctua cooler is an excellent choice to deal with this extra heat so long as there’s a couple of good air intake fans at the front of the case. The Noctua is really pretty darn quiet, but having sufficient case fan airflow may be more audible. If the heat or fan noise are a problem for certain situations such as the PC being used for home theater, productivity and gaming (i.e. all-purpose) then one could compromise a little and use an AMD Ryzen 5 5600X cpu. It’s around 10% lower performance overall, but it draws 50% less power and generates significantly less heat. Also, it comes with a good heatsink/fan at no extra cost; not as good as the Noctua, but definitely adequate to the task. Still, what you save by not needing the Noctua cooler you’ll need to spend on a graphics card because the Ryzen 5 5600x (and 7 5800x) doesn’t have an onboard graphics chip. Anyway, I favor your choice of the Intel cpu, but some buyers will probably go with the trendy Ryzen 5 option.
It’s 125W TDP rating is rather high and, during heavy workloads it may burn up to 176 watts
Not in standard configuration – that’s the 125W bit.
If you overclock it you can cause it to generate more heat, but then you need to keep it cool with an after market heatsink.
cheers, Paul
why couldn’t you save $50 or so and buy the OEM license
An excellent question.
Reason #1: I’m not selling the PC. I’m using it myself and therefore want the end-user support I get from the retail version but not from the OEM version.
Reason #2: The OEM version cannot be transferred from one PC to another. The retail version can.
If I was selling PCs and building lots of them, I’d be intensely interested in that $50 because it would be a significant factor in the profit margin. And I’d probably be getting a volume discount, lowering the cost further. But for one PC I intend to keep for five or more years? The $50 is worth it for the support.
In the same vein, I’m buying all the hardware at retail, too. I’m not really an OEM.
Reason #2: The OEM version cannot be transferred from one PC to another. The retail version can.
Reason #2 makes sense – I wondered if that played into your decision. However, I’ve never found it worth the time and effort to try to get any help from Microsoft beyond what’s on their website(s) and elsewhere on the web, with one notable exception.
I get excellent support for Microsoft 365. Callbacks are almost always prompt, sometimes very prompt, and the agents know their business (or aren’t afraid to escalate if necessary).
It’s 125W TDP rating is rather high
You are absolutely right about that. It makes me nervous. It’s also the reason I stuck with a tower case (greater interior volume) and bought the Noctua cooler (top of the line).
However, I will not be overclocking the processor, just letting it do its Turbo-Boost thing. It will thus be using Intel’s factory defaults for automatically protecting itself and I will not be modifying those settings. What I am doing is giving it maximum headroom by providing as much cooling as I can without resorting to liquid solutions.
… with one notable exception.
And that can make all the difference.
my current one is gold rated, and it gets its air from the bottom of the case
The be quiet! Dark Power 12 PSU for Opal is Titanium rated (not to brag or anything), pulls air from the bottom and exhausts through the rear. The Corsair PSU in Onyx has the same airflow.
As for fans, the be quiet! Pure Base 500 case comes with one front and one rear, but there is room on the front for another. I haven’t decided what to do about that yet. Onyx’s Corsair case came with two front fans, but it also had racks for up to six HDDs sitting right behind those fans. My sense is that I won’t need the extra fan because of the two fans on the Noctua cooler, but adding that second front fan is easy should I decide it’s needed.
“About DIY – If you contemplate building your own PC, you should be aware of the pitfalls. Attention to detail – If you are not a detail oriented person or you find it hard to stay organized, DIY might not be for you.
Important: – All manuals and instructions should be read thoroughly.”
Will Fastie, thank you for writing ‘The Manual’ for us on this DIY project.
Here is an attempt at a little humor to try and keep the smiles with us (?)!
That IS a real manual! I know where I’m getting my next motherboards. I like ASUS anyway, but now I like it even more!
end-user support
Really ?? 😲🙄
You ??
🍻Just because you don't know where you are going doesn't mean any road will get you there.
Really ?? You ??
Very flattering, but I ain’t no spring chicken. In a couple of years, I may need all the help I can get.
But on a more serious note, what I’m really after is having Microsoft view me as an end user and not as an OEM, because I’m really not.
I’m not sure I placed my question where you will see it on this forum, so I will repeat it here since I really am interested in your answer: Did you purchase a TPM 2.0 module for the ASUS Prime Z590-V motherboard? It doesn’t appear to come with one, but there is a 14-pin header for it. Newegg and Amazon seem to be in short supply. The one on Newegg ships from Italy and takes 9 to 10 days for most customers to receive it. Your parts list didn’t include it. I found your article to be of great interest to me. Thanks!If you live on this side of the Atlantic you might have missed the kerfuffle over Hilary Mantel’s description of Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, future Queen of England.
Mantel, a distinguished and decorated writer sprinkled a lecture on royal bodies with some decidedly unflattering words about the pregnant duchess. The reaction was swift and largely negative. It was as though someone had flashed a red cape in front of the bull of the British establishment. Even British Prime Minister David Cameron rushed to defend the duchess.
Many of those who attacked Mantel did so in language that was inelegant to the point of being obnoxious.
Apparently, there's some truth to the fact that there is no such thing as bad publicity because the kerfuffle has caused Mantel's book sales to increase.
Mantel’s defenders have now responded. They insist that her words have been taken out of context and therefore were distorted. She was not attacking the Duchess; she was pointing to what the monarchy had done to poor Kate Middleton.
Mantel.
John Burns defended Mantel in The New York Times:
Read in their full context, a 5,800-word essay that Ms. Mantel delivered as a lecture at the British Museum two weeks ago, the remarks took on a quality of sympathy, albeit somewhat condescending, rather than the contempt that Ms. Mantel’s critics saw for the duchess, who is expecting her first child in July. She married Prince William in 2011.
Ms..
With all due to respect to John Burns, who is as a fine reporter as there is, it is not too difficult to find a muted contempt in Mantel’s line: “when she gets over being sick….”
As for the almighty context that supposedly excuses all of Mantel’s failings, allow me to mention that Middleton’s difficult pregnancy is part of the larger context in which Mantel’s speech will resonate.
Since Middleton's has not, by all appearances, been an especially easy pregnancy, Mantel’s words are, at best, churlish, and at worst, contemptuous.
I hate to put it in these terms, but good manners require us to show respect to pregnant women. Good manners also require us to show some respect to a woman who had to be hospitalized twice for difficulties with her pregnancy. Most human beings sensibly refrain from trashing pregnant women.
It is not acceptable to say that Kate Middleton’s problems were merely something she needs to get over.
Nevertheless, Burns does have a point. Mantel was writing about what the monarchy and the tabloids had done to Kate Middleton. Unfortunately, Mantel also added that Middleton possessed those negative qualities on her own. They were the reason that the monarchy had chosen her.
Dare I say, you cannot have it both ways. Either Kate Middleton was transformed into a “shop-window mannequin" or she had always been one:
But Kate Middleton, as she was, appeared to have been designed by a committee and built by craftsmen, with a perfect plastic smile and the spindles of her limbs hand-turned and gloss-varnished..
By implication Mantel is disparaging and dismissing the possibility that Prince William and Kate Middleton actually love each other. Why does Mantel insist on making Kate Middleton someone who had been purchased off the rack?
Do women find some special virtue in diminishing other women?
Of course, Mantel means to compare Middleton against to Prince William's late, lamented mother.
She is quite correct to underscore Princess Diana’s “emotional incontinence,” but she is descends into absurdity when she suggests that Kate Middleton’s lack of “emotional incontinence” means that there is no possibility, in her case, of an “emergence of character.”
Mantel is an exceptionally fine writer, but where did she get the idea that the absence of “emotional incontinence” is a character flaw. Aristotle would not have approved. And where did she get the idea that a woman who manifests dignity and decorum while working very hard at her job lacks good character.
One can only wonder in amazement at seeing “emotional incontinence” made into an admirable character trait and hearing Hilary Mantel dismiss a woman who practices emotional continence as a plastic coat-hanger.
13 comments:
"Do women find some special virtue in diminishing other women?"
Do ducks quack?
It's primal; women exist to produce and nurture children and men exist to fertilize them and protect women and children. Everyone knows this, but it's a disease of affluence to lie about it. There are a few hobbies we get up to like writing historical novels, but if a woman's evolutionary drive to motherhood is thwarted, resentment is natural. Hence Mantel v Middleton.
Re Diana: The famous interview with the execrable Martin Bashir surprised me; Diana was one intelligent woman with a unique vantage point. She might have written wonderful, acerbic comic novels.
Wise words from another lady novelist, Alice Thomas Ellis, mother of seven: “Men love women, women love children; children love hamsters - there is no reciprocity."
"Do women find some special virtue in diminishing other women?" If not virtue, joy. Or amusement, fun, superiority, etc., etc.
Diana was 19 and sheltered when she became engaged to Charles, Kate 29 and worldly - that is difference enough! 19 year olds cry in public, make faces (and at 35 years old do so to manipulate the press in her favor in divorce). 30 year old emotionally healthy people like Kate do not. Plus, Charles proposed after 4 months to a teenager, William and Kate were together for 8 or 9 years when they wed at 29 (and friends before that). I don't know how people make a comparison. There is none.
I don't know why airing your dirty linen in public and embarrasing your family and in laws is a good thing. Kate all the way.
One wonders whether Mantel's book sales were doing well. She would not be the first writer who created a situation like this to up their book sales, which this does seem to have done.
To ask the question is to answer it.
I saw Kate becoming a jointed doll on which certain rags are hung. ... she is a mother-to-be, and draped in another set of threadbare attributions. ... They will find that this young woman’s life until now was nothing, her only point and purpose being to give birth.
It's telling when someone chooses to reduce someone's life to the period of several years or a decade. It's degenerate when the criticism is directed to a fundamental responsibility of men and women.
What is the significance of human life and under what circumstances does it acquire value?
Does Mantel prefer homosexual behavior, unproductive heterosexual behavior, or does she simply envy women who are capable of discovering balance in their lives?
I have noticed that many people are confused about reality and elect to drown their anguish in the exploitation of people who they envy or hate.
Neither intelligence nor, apparently, a "distinguished and decorated writer," provide insight into individual character.
Dennis:
Do you think her condescension is merely a marketing ploy? That there may be an individual of integrity lurking beneath the intellectual detritus she publicly evinces?
I am growing impatient with men and women who presume to possess superior dignity, but who demonstrate the most base and undesirable traits of inferior, opportunistic cretins.
I am underestimating Mantel? She seems to be of the class who long ago lost mental coherence in the rarefied atmosphere of ivory towers.
Anyway, I just read an article in Time, which proclaimed the consequences of normalizing fanatical behaviors which constitute evolutionary dysfunction. They seem to believe it is an epiphany to notice that women who choose abortion, women and men who choose promiscuity, and others who are simply confused, are incompatible with evolutionary fitness.
Misanthropic. As per usual. And I'm sure she majored in the "humanities" at university, which are now anything but...
Can you imagine the dialogue... "No need for further human beings, to be sure. I should be aghast at the thought... Though I will be at the baby shower of my second cousin, twice removed. Wouldn't miss it. Not never. Smashing food, delightful tea, though the company is a bit tiring."
Shall we be honest about how upper-echelon feminine social competition usually rolls out? If the tart gets ahead or falls behind, let's just get on with it: behead her and move onto other amusements, shall we, mmmmmm?
Tip
n.n,
Far from it. That she would use condescension as a marketing ploy demonstrates a lack of moral standing. That to improve her book sales she would attack someone is classic elitism and what has become of liberalism.
It is what happens when there exists this idea that education denotes intelligence or superior intelligent. There are some ideas that are so lacking in scholarship and intelligence that the only place they can find a home is in academe. That those who populate academe actually think they are superior reminds on of the days when poets thought they were the only ones fit to lead and they were our betters. It is instructive how many of the supposed elites were first poets. Their love for humanity was only exceeded by their hate for human beings.
Education is a tool and it is how one uses it to improve one's, and maybe help others, that counts. I can read every book I know of to learn to swim, but until I get in the water I do not really know how to swim. Far too much intellectual drivel masquerading as fact.
This woman is only the next demonstration of the degradation of humanity for her own selfish desires.
Dennis:
That was my impression as well. However, there is nothing new under the sun. Men and women have dreamed of material, physical, and ego instant gratification since time immemorial. Even the "new normal" of sacrificing human lives to preserve or consolidate wealth and welfare is not innovative. There are, apparently, quite a few people who will degrade themselves in order to gain leverage over their competing interests. This is the natural order untempered by morality, which is what we commonly describe as "evil."
n.n,
I am in the process of reading one of Taleb's books and he alludes to Voltaire doing much the same thing. It was Voltaire that I was thinking about at the moment when I wrote the first comment. Another excellent book is "Intellectuals" by Paul Johnson.
There is an old adage that people do what they want to do and then find a justification for it. One cannot separate the ideas that a man or woman have from the man or woman and how they actually lived their lives. Their ideas were predicated on their experiences.
Most of the heroes of the modern left were terrible human beings who treated other human beings as if they were just so much "dirt" and easily dispensed with. What we do today and how we treat others is built on the ideas of these people. I have always found it humorous that those who consider themselves our betters readily tout the ideas of "intellectuals" and are aghast when someone speaks the words of Jesus who lived the philosophy he preached as opposed to the hypocrisy of almost every "intellectual."
Inside of each individual are two people fighting to be in control. The one that wins is the one we feed the most and it does seem that we are feeding evil at the expense of the good we can become.
Dennis:
Judge each faith by the principles it engenders... and the reconcilable positions that it takes. That's the reason why I do not and cannot capriciously reject religion, including atheism and cults, or any other institution based on articles of faith.
As for "good", it's the same issue as "moral", they are both subjective and malleable. There are two objective (i.e. causative) orders: natural and enlightened (i.e. conscious). Typically, identifying a mutually reconcilable position with each and within each leads to the "good" or "moral" outcome. For example, with the former, we have evolutionary fitness, and the constraint that "not everyone will enjoy a beachfront property in Hawaii." With the latter, we have individual dignity, the opportunity to respect our own and others, and improve the quality and quantity of our lives.
Well, this is a broad topic, which in this virtual, framed context is likely better expressed through an evolutionary process. Besides, I am getting hungry and acceding to the natural order can never be denied, only delayed.E-Gift Card
- Gifting made easy. Here's a quick and easy way to make someone feel truly special. Outside Online Gift Cards are perfect for any occasion.
How does it work?
1. Add the Gift Card of your preferred denomination to the cart and checkout.
2. The Gift Card will be sent to your email with a unique code.
3. Forward the email to your friend or loved one. To add a personal touch, include a message in your email before sending it!
All Gift Cards have a validity of one (1) year from the date of issue
- All Gift Cards are only redeemable online at outsidestore.coAndrew Allen Arend Arends' full profile
Certifications & Licensure
- National Commission on Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) Certified Physician Assistant
Education & Training
- University of South DakotaPhysician Assistant, 2000
- University of South DakotaPhysician Assistant, 2000
Office2201 N Broadwell Ave
Grand Island, NE 68803Phone+(130) 838-95155 x245147
- Is this information wrong?
Viewing the full profile is available to verified healthcare professionals only.
Find your profile and take control of your online presence:The Indian team for the five-match ODI series against Sri Lanka will be selected on Sunday evening. While chief selector MSK Prasad is currently in Sri Lanka to track the performances, the Board of Control for Cricket in India’s (BCCI) acting secretary Amitabh Chaudhury is headed for Kandy. Devang Gandhi is in South Africa with the ‘A’ team. Sarandeep Singh and Gandhi will join the meeting through Skype. The five-match ODI series begins on August 20 at Dambulla and the last one is on September 3 at Colombo.. “We (team management and selectors) are going to sit down on selection soon and we certainly have plans in mind and combinations that we want to speak about. So as captain, I am definitely in the thick of things and knowing what to speak to the committee about.”
Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Yuvraj Singh, Kedar Jadhav and Suresh Raina are currently at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) in Bengaluru to prove their fitness for the upcoming limited-overs series. If Jadhav is selected, it will give him another chance to consolidate his position in the team. Jasprit Bumrah, who was rested after the Champions Trophy, is likely to be retained.
Manish Pandey, Shreyas Iyer and Rishabh Pant have have good performances recently. It is possible Pandey and Pant might find a place in the national team.
Fully aware of spinners’ heavy workload during the ongoing Test series against Sri Lanka, the team management and national selectors may rest Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja. It is expected that pacer Mohammed Shami will also be rested from the ODI series as his workload needs to be monitored.
Antiochian Orthodox Church ordained Father Deacon Joseph Hazar to holy priesthood. The ordination took place at St. George Orthodox Christian Church in Fishers, IN during the Hierarchical Divine Liturgy led by his grace Bishop Anthony.
Bp Anthony's Homily Audio
Service Video Highlights
Ye Holy Martyrs, who have fought the good fight and have received your crowns: Entreat ye the Lord to have mercy on our souls
Glory to Thee, O Christ God, the Apostles' boast and the Martyrs' joy: whose preaching was the Consubstantial Trinity.
O Isaiah, dance thy joy; for a Virgin is with child, and hath borne a Son, Emmanuel, both God and Man: and Orient is His name; whom magnifying we call the Virgin blessed.Research Paper | Management | Namibia | Volume 9 Issue 5, May 2020
Determinants of Student Satisfaction in Namibia: A Viewpoint of Public Higher Education
Stewart Kaupa PhD, Eric Mang'unyi PhD
Abstract: The purpose of this study is to explain determinants of student satisfaction levels in public universities in Namibia. Applying a descriptive survey design, a semi-structured questionnaire was designed and administered to a sample of currently registered students from two state universities, and it presents results of data analysed using descriptive statistics. Evidence to support underlying dimensions of students satisfaction in public universities have been found to be; Affordability and accessibility of education, Technological innovation and sophistication, Technical and functional support given to students, access to information and learning materials through the library and other means, Campus and residential security and the quality of the academic and support staff is significant with student satisfaction levels. The study resolved that, proper communication between University management and students in these key areas increase students satisfaction and trust between the two parties and has a corresponding effect in increasing students satisfaction. The study recommends that, public universities in Namibia should invest more in students orientation efforts to ensure that there is better communication between university management and students in matters regarding the cost and accessibility of education, the technical and functional support that is available to students. There should be a collective approach when dealing with campus and residential security matters. These efforts can be through the establishment of customer contact centers, automation of processes and the adoption of best practices.
Keywords: Namibia, student satisfaction, Higher Learning Institutions
Edition: Volume 9 Issue 5, May 2020,
Pages: 883 - 891
How to Cite this Article?
Stewart Kaupa PhD, Eric Mang'unyi PhD, "Determinants of Student Satisfaction in Namibia: A Viewpoint of Public Higher Education", International Journal of Science and Research (IJSR),, Volume 9 Issue 5, May 2020, 883 - 891
How to Share this Article?
Similar Articles with Keyword 'student satisfaction'
Downloads: 115
Research Paper, Management, Malaysia, Volume 4 Issue 8, August 2015Pages: 136 - 142
Factors Influence the Satisfaction of International Students at Private Universities in Malaysia
Lujain Mohammed Hasan, Ridzuan bin Masri
Downloads: 127
Survey Paper, Management, Malaysia, Volume 6 Issue 4, April 2017Pages: 1292 - 1296
Determinants Influencing International Students? Satisfaction and Loyalty in Malaysian Private Universities
Babita Gupta, Usman Musa Zakari UsmanCONDITION: Rapid Onset Arthritis
LOCATION: San Jose, CA
My senior dog, Diesel, is 12.5 years old. Although he's a been a healthy dog in the fall, around September he was diagnosed with Rapid Onset Arthritis and it got bad really really fast.
He could not walk on our floors very well, his hips would sway drastically. It got to the point for him to walk in the house we had to use a sling. The vet told us he would deteriorate really quickly. They put him on pain medication so I could manage his comfort level and they recommended helping him walk.
We tried everything. We tried socks but they didn't work very well and then we got him a sling which helped a little. He could only play or walk when he was in the sling. The vet basically told us do what you can to keep him comfortable but we had to watch him for signs of extreme pain. If we noticed he had a loss of appetite or trouble with bowel movements we would have to make a very difficult decision. As a family we knew that day might be sooner rather than later as things were progressing quickly.
I started doing some research on his condition and I found a supplement on a Facebook ad. It showed senior dogs in their ads that were walking just like him. The ad said it would help him show drastic improvement in a short period of time yadda yadda yadda. I'm not a fan of snake oil supplements and things that make promises but when it comes to my dogs I thought I'll try anything.
I decided to order it, I gave him 3 scoops in the morning 3 scoops at night. 3 weeks later, after trying the supplement, he was running and playing. This is the dog that couldn't walk down the hallway without the use of a sling and here he is. Playing and running, he has joy, his tail is wagging. He gained weight because he either loves the taste or he's in less pain so he got his appetite back.
For something that was supposed to get progressively worse rapidly, not only did it stop progressing but it got better! I would say he improved by 50%. He's not like a 2 year old dog again but any extra days you can give your dog of quality life are worth it. You can't put a price on that. This is definitely going to be apart of his routine for the rest of his life.Our Events are AwesomeSuperiorLegendary
We Bring The Foam
We provide organised, safe, foam combat games, tournaments, events and parties. For children (ages 6 and over) and adults of all ages – yes adults can join in too!
What We Offer
Games of Foam ran a session with 1st Corbets Tey Beavers and Cubs last week and we had a brilliant night.It was well organised and controlled and as leaders we didn’t have to do a thing! Our Beavers and Cubs had a blast and in their words “THE BEST NIGHT EVER” and keep asking can they do it again! Thanks to Ben for a great night.
games of foam hosted my little boys birthday yesterday afternoon. first of all how they managed to keep a group of 18 6 year olds under control for the whole duration amazed me!
the party was fortnite theme and the kids absolutely loved every second. even the parents joined in too. my son had the best day and his mates all had a great time. Thank you for making my little boys party a success.
StoreOrganization Validated diverse main types of SSL validation and also know about why Organization Validated the mentioned domain name. The CA also verifies the legal records to match the entity’s identity.
When the CA validates the business and domain, it indirectly ensures customers that the site existence and identity are being checked rigorously and customers can safely transmit information over the website.
Organization Validation SSL Vs Domain Validation SSL - Why it is good for an online business?
As we see validation matters and dependability of SSL depend upon its rigorous validation. If we talk about domain validation, it follows the the OV certificate, the business name is displayed in the certificate that customers can check with a mouse click. Customers can see additional information about the organization/business; hence they put trust in organization validation certificates. OV certificate carries much dependability compare to the DV SSL certificate and requires a strict validation which helps an online business to enhance the trust of customers towards them.
Advantages:
High Authenticity
OV certificate carries a higher authenticity compare to DV certificate as the CA checks the business existence and displays the business name on the certificate. Customers put trust on such sites, which are having strict validation and is secured.
Strict Validation
Business Validation SSL helps the business to verify its existence over the web and put them ahead of unsecured online businesses. It ensures that the company or organization is the owner of the website. The whole process may take 2 to 5 days and provides a substantial influence on business identity.
Robust Encryption
Most of OV SSL certificates carry 256-bit encryption and have their root certificate signed with 2048-bit encryption. All transmitting information will remain safe on the web; hence, the third person cannot intercept the information.
Highest Discounted OV SSL Certificates:
OV certificate is a great choice especially for online business because it enhances customer’s trust towards the business. From the point of reliability, validation and online security, business validation SSL fulfills business security demands in a comprehensive manner.
Here, we have listed some of the best-discounted organization validation certificates that saves your money along with the same quality. Just use coupon codes given below and get your valuable organization validation SSL product at an unbelievable price.
Conclusion:
Business/Organization Validation SSL not only helps to secure business but also build business identity over the web, drives the web traffic to the website, etc. So what are you waiting for? Get your website secured today with a discounted organization validation certificate.I stumbled upon BlogChalking today. You can read about it at
I signed up mainly just for fun. Here is mine:
This is my new blogchalk:
Canada, British Colombia, Victoria, Esquimalt, English, , Greg, Male, 26-30, Mountain Biking. 🙂
This seems like a great way of finding blogs like yours, or blogs made by people close to you. For example, this google search is for all the blogchalked blogs near me in Victoria that speak english.I.
7 thoughts on “bleg: favorite network visualization software?”
I vote for Gephi as the easiest to get up and running. Open source, under active development and available on Windows, Mac, and Linux. Mostly point and click, so it isn’t great for running thousands of models, but it can compute some network statistics and produces some some pretty looking graphs, like this analysis of #kony2012.
Andy – I hear people talk a lot about Pajek, but I haven’t done much network visualization. Sorry!
Out of curiosity, are you generating the themes/topics by hand or using natural language processing? I’ve been playing around with (automated) topic modeling for the past few weeks and am looking at doing some historical work with it (and eventually network diagrams might play a role through use of so-called “Correlated Topic Models”).
I’m a big fan of creating things like this whole-cloth from a sql-compliant database with fields for codes, but mostly that is because I don’t trust high-dollar QDA software like ATLAS or NVIVO. Once the data is there, visualization is easy(ier).
It sort of depends how many dimensions are important, though. I assume you’re coming up with these topics and themes from expert generated coding rather than using machine learning?
I use igraph myself. i do it through R but you can also do it through Python. there are a few scripts for this on my blog, just click “R” in the tag cloud.
note that Pajek is Windows but you can run it through WINE
I’ve had great success with Guess; I may try Pajek next time around, but Guess was pretty easy to figure out and made quite nice pictures.
I’ll admit I’m out of my league here. This may not fit the request exactly, but it was a fun way for me to see my twitter connections:
It is free and, I think, pretty easy to play around with. If you’re into that sort of thing.
Another vote for Gephi. The main limitation is that it cannot handle two mode/multi-level network data, but for ease of use/quality of visualizations, it is hard to beat.
Oh Helen... you profound me delightfully, surely being one with the singing heart.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Meaning-making might be another way to think about it, Harvey.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
To go a bit further... Yes, summarizing and alignment are part of it, and i think you're right, Harvey, that there is also more than that.. Pawel probably has his own deep dive here too. You could also look at all the cards in the Inquiry and Synthesis category of the GroupWorks deck for some quick insight. The overall category is defined thusly:
Discovering coherence and moving toward convergence. From gathering information to exploring knowledge to arriving at understanding, shared meaning, consensus, or clear outcomes.
And here are a few cards...
Or perhaps this one:
And this one, which might be closer to where Pawel is coming from (LOVE the picture--here's a link to the page for this card, where you can see a higher res version and also read more about the concept as the GroupWorks folks conceive it):
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I sure appreciate the seemingly small gesture of seeking common definition such as synthesis, Harvey. It's so helpful to me in my getting 'embedded' into a dialogue (even if I still don't 'have it' precisely yet). As I'm more embedded I can put away the maps and crash helmet and appreciate my light-weight omnidirectional spirit vehicle.
I might be ready to start including terms of convergent versus divergent thinking. This latter term appears to demand different skills. For example in convergent thinking one gathers what they & others know, possibly synthesizing or creating new info from that... to solve a defined problem or prove an hypothesis.
Divergent thinking gathers from a universe of information, from an open perspective being on a mission, and looking for problems or interferences. It's something like being given the answer and then constructing the most perfect all-inclusive question that fits and has no rivals.
Divergent thinking is how I'm wanting to think about Occupy (as a mission) because it's such a morass of man-made problems on top of problems on top of problems. As Ben suggests the word Distillation comes to the fore... making the task a giant yet 'sensible' gathering up & understanding 'the reality of our time'... and not trying to solve what isn't yet, or can't be, understood.
All the time... in the back of my mind... I 'know' the journey IS 'the reality of our time'. And the coup-d-gras could be in letting go the 'idea' of needing to do something unnatural (force, control), or having to change others, etc.. but rather finding a way to bring into life the act of 'allowing'.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Dyck’s post is about thinking. May I take the opportunity to ask the question I try to answer for myself from the beginning of my participation in OC discussions?
On the group Occupy 2.0: Transforming Systems from the Inside Out Doreen Agostino said then (almost a year ago):
Occupy Wall Street = unaware people believe the lie that we are separate from The Oneness, from One another, Earth, all Kingdoms.
I asked: And who is the liar?
Doreen answered: I'd say the liar is a thought, a thought that limits us.
I fully agree with Doreen. My question concerns the conclusion of her statement. Logically there are three possible conclusions:
Doreen opted for a. Neither b. nor c. have ever been considered. Exploring the teachings at the leading edge of post-postmodern spirituality I found simple, straightforward answer [Allan Combs, director of Center for Consciousness Studies in recent issue of Spanda Journal]:
Thus in Evolutionary enlightenment, the practice of assuming no relationship to the content of consciousness... makes space for the limitless creative potential of the evolutionary impulse to reveal itself.
My question: By what power the conclusion a. has come into force? (content of consciousness is the substance of thought)?
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Pawel, I'm not clear about what exactly are you asking... and what conclusion are you referring to in my post? Or, is there rather a broad point you want make?
ps, in my opinion you have just as much credibility as Doreen X (or Allen Y), and they aren't present for clarification or challenge or context considerations. ... whatever comes from your experience and understanding and sincerity, I'll believe you and hold it in high regard.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Thank you very much for high regard :-). My experience however may be a little strange for you (different backgrounds). I regard myself as observer from outside and try to synthesize what I hear you saying. My experience may come in later.
By “you” I mean wide range of Movements, from Occupy, through Transition to Integral.
Half of your post was about thinking, so I believed it is a good moment for synthetic question on this subject.
Synthesis of my almost 5 years observation is that “you” think thinking is a distraction and stands in the way of spiritual knowledge coming from the heart. To act for better future “WE” should stop thinking (the quotes I used to support the synthesis). To what degree is this synthesis correct?
Referring to your ps: I thought synthesis means something like common denominator of members of a group within framework of specific discussion. Doreen Agostino (member of occupy café) and Alan Combs (member of establishment of integral spirituality) marked the range of the BIG group I have chosen as source of synthesis.
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Love those cards Ben - and wow I love to think about what the originators might make of them, passing them from hand to hand as they gathered to debate and think and discuss on the steps of the the Athenaeum :-)
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
I have been requesting that some synthesizing energy be directed to our Sacred Economics thread, and meaning to devote some of my own to that end as well. Perhaps the emergent conversation about "synthesis" we see here could be enriched by an exercise in actually doing some over there!
<![if !IE]>▶<![endif]> Reply
Ben, I posted this as reply to your yesterday post about meaning. I think you did not notice it:At Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh, you'll find convenient, on-the-go meal offerings. Browse and select grocery staples including fresh produce and fresh bakery items, pick up a cup of your favorite coffee or espresso or fuel up using your Hy-Vee Fuel Saver + Perks® card. And be sure to check out the wine and spirits section and growler & crowler craft beer station for all your beverage needs!
Get a medium sized Caribou coffee for $1 when you swipe your Fuel Saver card. Offer valid at your Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh location until 11/30/2021.
Need a quick lunch? Stop by Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh to find all your lunchtime favorites in one convenient spot. From prepared sandwiches and fresh salads, to Nori sushi, protein snacks, a fountain drink wall and more, you'll find everything you need at Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh.
Need some morning caffeine? Stop by Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh and check out either Smokey Row or Starbucks premium coffee, available via the in-store cafe and the drive-thru. Order from the full café menu, featuring coffee and beverages, breakfast items, salads, soups, sandwiches and more.
Convenience meets fresh in Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh's Mealtime-To-Go section, which features a variety of take-and-heat options, including Dietitian's Pick premade meals in varieties such as marinated steak and vegetables, balsamic chicken and orzo, and Asian garlic onion shrimp bowl. Made-to-order meals for carryout or dining are also on our menu.
There's a new place in town where you can use your Hy-Vee Fuel Saver + Perks® card. Stop by Hy-Vee Fast & Fresh to fuel your car and find all your favorite beverages, snacks and more!
Hy-Vee's Fast & Fresh stores are stocked with staples for your pantry and freezer, as well as a selection of fresh products including produce, dairy, meat and bakery.
When you stop in, don’t forget to browse our large wine and spirits department. There’s plenty of variety and selection for any palette and price point. If you are looking for something different, our Fast & Fresh locations also offer craft beer growler & crowler stations. Be sure to check back often to see what’s on tap this week!
Hy-Vee operates more than 245 retail stores in eight Midwestern states, including Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota and Wisconsin.International Day of Tolerance - more about it!
The Day of Tolerance dates back to 16 November 1995, when 185 UNESCO member states solemnly signed the Declaration of Principles of Tolerance and established 16 November as an international date.
Since then, UNESCO has annually commemorated the Day of Tolerance as a reminder of the rules that enable a humane coexistence of different cultures and religions on our planet.
On this day, we at MCG wish for more tolerance for all people in our colorful society - and no tolerance for intolerance.
No matter what your appearance is like. With us only the inner values count!
Join us and show your flag for tolerance in our country./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/33087933/141125991.0.jpg)
On Thursday, the conference unveiled the 2014-15 ACC championship schedule in conjunction with the league's annual spring meetings. A total of nineteen sites will serve as hosts, including 10 ACC campus venues. Unfortunately, coming off a year where Boston College hosted both the field hockey and women's lacrosse championships, BC was shut out of hosting a championship next year
North Carolina plays host to the 11th ACC Men's and Women's Fencing championship, the first since 1980. Notre Dame's entry into the conference -- combined with existing members Boston College, Duke and North Carolina -- gives the ACC the required number of programs to sponsor a championship. I'm hopeful that BC and Notre Dame will get a chance to host in the near future and this championship doesn't just bounce between UNC and Duke as another championship that never leaves the state of North Carolina.
Here are the 2014-15 ACC Championships sites & dates relevant for the Eagles:
Fall Championships
Men's & Women's Cross Country
Panorama Falls, Host: Virginia
October 31, 2014
Field Hockey
Host: Duke
November 6, 7 & 9, 2014
Women's Soccer
UNCG Soccer Stadium, Greensboro, NC
November 7 & 9, 2014
Men's Soccer
First Round: Campus Sites, November 5, 2014
Quarterfinals: Campus Sites, November 9, 2014
Semifinals & Final: WakeMed Soccer Park, Cary, NC, November 14, & 16, 2014
Football
Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, NC
December 6, 2014
Winter Championships
Women's Swimming & Diving & Men's Diving
Host: Georgia Tech
February 18-21, 2015
Men's & Women's Fencing
Host: North Carolina
February 21-22, 2015
Men's Swimming
Host: Georgia Tech
February 25-28, 2015
Men's & Women's Indoor Track & Field
Host: Virginia Tech
February 26-28, 2015
Women's Basketball
Greensboro Coliseum, Greensboro, NC
March 4-8, 2015
Men's Basketball
Greensboro Coliseum, Greensboro, NC
March 10-14, 2015
Spring Championships
Women's Golf
Sedgefield Country Club, Greensboro, NC
April 17-19, 2015
Men's and Women's Tennis
Cary Tennis Park, Cary, NC
April 22-26, 2015
Women's Lacrosse
Host: Virginia
April 23, 24 & 26, 2015
Men's Golf
Old North State Club UWharrie Point, New London, NC
April 24-26, 2015
Softball
Host: Virginia Tech
May 7-9, 2015
Men's & Women's Outdoor Track & Field
Host: Florida State
May 14-16, 2015
Rowing
Lake Hartwell, Host: Clemson
May 15-16, 2015
Baseball
Durham Bulls Athletic Park
May 19-24, 2015
In addition, the conference announced that the Greensboro Coliseum will host the women's basketball tournament
forever through 2022.Our Most Important Recommendation if you want to invest in gold:
Intro Goldco Customer Review
Physical Rare Earth Metals
If you have actually not thought of investing in gold and silvers just before, this is actually the moment! In unpredictable times, which our company reside in now along with a hanging monetary situation, it is very important to rely on safe haven investments to secure as well as expand your riches.
Metals should certainly not be actually considered an assets, however as monetary insurance”, Trevor Gerszt– founder of Goldco Priceless Metals.
Unlike stocks, connections, and investment funds that are actually all tied to the dollar, rare-earth elements depend on their very own.
Historically, precious metals transfer the opposite path of typical securities like assets, bonds, as well as stock funds. When the securities market goes down, the rate of gold and silver often tends to climb.
If you are actually searching for an attempted and true financial investment that can deliver stability to your portfolio, take into consideration a business like Goldco.
What Is actually Goldco?
The business was first created as Gerson Financial Group LLC, with a concentrate on business-to-business gold and silvers purchases.
Trevor Gerszt – Founder of Goldco Priceless Metals.Founder Trevor Gerszt bought the company in 2011, transforming its own label to Goldco Direct, which later became Goldco Priceless Metals.
Goldco has its own headquarter in Timberland Hillsides, The Golden State, and also is a full service metals firm that focuses on gold and silver Individual retirement accounts however likewise markets metals directly to clients.
The firm has assisted countless individuals expand, develop, and safeguard their riches with bodily metallics like gold, silver, platinum, and palladium for fourteen years right now.
Goldco’s objective is actually to help Americans guard their retirement accounts from stock market volatility as well as rising cost of living by means of the use of precious metals.
Goldco’s specialty has actually always been the purchase and also shipping of gold and silver pieces that are actually IRA permitted as well as the Company focuses on aiding you determine which precious metals are right for you.
Goldco also provides direct purchases of precious metals coins and also gold to collectors and also entrepreneurs.
Inc. Journal called Goldco the 3rd fastest-growing financial services provider in the united state in 2015.
And the Los Angeles Company Diary called it the 17th fastest-growing firm in the higher Los Angeles Region.
Considering that 2011 the firm has actually expanded from ten wage earners to, by the close of 2016, over ninety staff members.
Why Invest in Gold And Silvers with Goldco.
There are actually a wide variety of causes to look at opening up a Priceless Metals IRA or even surrendering an existing pension into one. If you have every one of your cash invested in the stock exchange, you are placing yourself at a boosted threat of being actually highly affected through an economic slump or a securities market collision. Having said that, if a few of your amount of money is held in silver and gold, you will certainly be actually much less impacted by a dropping securities market since you’ll possess your gold and silvers investment to depend on in a time of demand.
Physical Rare Earth Metals
Goldco Assessment
Usually talking, gold and silver cost even more when the securities market is certainly not doing well. This creates all of them a logical selection to diversify a collection considering that you could be rather positive that at the very least one part of your collection ought to be doing well at any type of offered time.
Gold and silver likewise have their worth well over time. They are actually each popular precious metals that are in minimal supply, producing them really strongly in demanded. Gold and silver use a range of making use of varying from the evident ones including jewelry ones to much less commonly recognized make uses of like for creating new modern technology.
When you prepare to retire or even need to have to money in your assets, you won’t have any kind of difficulty doing so with silver and gold. Considering that they are so extremely searched for, you should not possess any trouble finding a customer and obtaining money practically promptly. Consider exactly how various this would be if you picked to acquire realty or something else that was actually certainly not so effortless to liquidate right now.
The price of gold has actually increased at just about two times the rate of the stock market over the last two decades. Just how huge of an impact could growth enjoy this carry your retired life?
Silver And Gold Individual Retirement Accounts
Putting together Silver And Gold Individual retirement accounts is among Goldco’s specializeds. Along With a Precious Metals IRA, you can easily take pleasure in the tax benefits connected with a standard IRA. These perks feature the capability to postpone tax obligations, as well as the Retirement life Savings Addition’s Credit score (where you could be able to take off aspect of your annual contributions to your IRA). Some Precious Metals IRAs may likewise be given to recipients without the need to spend inheritance taxes in the event of the profile owner’s death.
With a Gold or Silver IRA, you are able to contain your financial investments in rare-earth elements, as opposed to in stocks as well as bonds just like standard Individual retirement accounts. This enables you to make the most of all the perks connected with transforming your portfolio at the same time as you take advantage of the tax benefits of an individual retirement account.
Goldco Testimonial
If you wish to set up a Valuable Metals IRA with Goldco, you’ll find that it is actually definitely quite straightforward. Beginning by seeing their internet site and finishing the forms to open up a new Silver or gold Individual Retirement Account. Enter the info needed due to the kind and also put together financing for your profile.
Once your account is actually cashed, you can select which gold or silver you want to acquire for your account. A participant of Goldco’s staff will definitely be actually readily available to walk you by means of the possibilities and also assist you make the most effective financial investment selections given your necessities, condition, as well as goals.
Just before wrapping up which gold and silvers you would like to hold in your account, establish whether you choose coins, bars, or even a mix of the two. Clubs are a prominent option due to the fact that they are actually solid gold as well as available in a selection of sizes. In some techniques choosing gold or silver pieces might be actually a better option.
Goldco Review
The worth of a silver or gold bar will definitely be actually located entirely on the significance of bench and also the existing price of gold or silver. Coins, alternatively, could generate more amount of money that their value based upon the rate of gold. Some pieces are often in more significant demand or even might be rarer, which can make their market value rise.
Unfortunately, as a result of internal revenue service laws, there are some stipulations on the gold or even silver coins and bars that may be composed an Ira. Gold pieces or clubs must have a purity level of at least 99.5% as well as silver coins and bars should possess a purity degree of at the very least 99.9%.
Who are the most ideal Applicants for GoldCo?
GoldCo is actually a great option for many types of entrepreneurs. This features entrepreneurs that:
Are interested in defending their riches coming from the dryness of the stock exchange. If you feel uneasy concerning the securities market, precious metals are a terrific alternative to decrease your threat. This is actually since they generally relocate the contrary path of surveillances. Before, countless investors came through significant drops in the stock market along with silver and also gold until market shapes began to improve.
Want having physical investments. There are actually a great deal of companies with the ability of decreasing whenever. The distinction with metals is they will constantly be actually all around. If you would like to consist of a substantial property in your profile you may be specific will certainly regularly reside in type, I strongly believe precious metals might be actually the excellent selection for your necessities.
Are you near retirement life and also terrified of one more financial problems? Ask on your own if you might reside comfortably during your retirement life if you experienced an additional economic situation similar to the one in 2008. If you join retiring or even have actually currently retired, you may incorporate the reliability you require the best with precious metals.
You can also seek a real estate investor guide absolutely free and also receive a complimentary silver coin. The GoldCo guide-kit has vital information for real estate investors.
Physical Rare Earth Metals
Why is GoldCo the very best and also One-of-a-kind?
The provider offers you a ton of unique advantages. This helps make GoldCo the suitable alternative for several capitalists. There are five great reasons I believe you need to take into consideration attaching GoldCo.
New Clients Get Special Offers:
As a brand-new customer, you will certainly obtain 2 special deals. Initially, if you open an account with a minimum of $50k, each one of your charges for the 1st year are forgoed.
Second, by placing a trained purchase for a lowest of 50k, you make back five per-cent in totally free metals.
This indicates if your brand-new account contains specifically $50,000, your conserving in charges may be a maximum of $320. Depending upon the metals you purchase, you may likewise receive as much as $2,500 complimentary.
Awesome Customer Service:
The first priority of GoldCo is to deliver customers along with extraordinary customer care. Whether you choose to obtain steel straight or open up an IRA, the firm exceeds requirements in making certain every client is actually one hundred percent happy.
If you have a problem, you could be particular it will definitely be actually fixed immediately. No sale will ever be pushed. You can likewise be actually particular you are receiving the absolute most for your cash given that GoldCo has a low-cost design.
Low Fees:
The reduced charge model ensures your cash keeps precisely where it should, in your wallet. If you have a metal individual retirement account, your expenses for the first year are actually a minimum of just $260. After that, you just pay out $180 annually.
If you execute a non-IRA purchase, you pay for definitely nothing at all in fees. Not one singular penny. Your gold and silvers will also be stashed absolutely free. Taking into consideration most companies carry out certainly not provide everything such as this, I discover this perk exceptionally exceptional.
FAQ’s Regarding Goldco
Does Goldco possess a minimum assets to start a gold individual retirement account?
Yes. Goldco calls for a minimum of $25,000 cash money or cost savings, OR $50,000 in a retirement account to finance your new Gold individual retirement account.
Can I add gold or silver that I presently own to my gold individual retirement account?
No. Goldco has a strict plan only to make it possible for silver and gold pieces and also bars acquired straight from Goldco to become added to your gold IRA. This is to guarantee that purity levels are actually consistently satisfied, plus all metals continue to be in observance with the IRS.
Does Goldco manage its personal vault?
No. Goldco works with different depositories around the nation to save your gold. They may arrange for you to put together a profile, or you can easily discover your personal IRS-approved vault as well as have your gold stored there.
How much time does it need to establish a gold IRA?
It may take in between 2 as well as 3 weeks to create your gold IRA. This will certainly all depend on funding sources and also the length of time it considers other business to refine their documents.
The Reviews State Everything
A provider may claim every thing they desire to make themselves appear good. It is what the clients claim that actually matters. After investigating Goldco extensively, our experts have found out that they have the most effective ranks among gold IRA carriers, time period. Goldco possesses countless favorable customer reviews regarding its own product or services. They have actually also been actually backed by former governmental prospect Ron Paul and actor/martial crafts grasp Chuck Norris.
Goldco possesses high ranks along with places like the Bbb and also identical bodies that keep an eye on organizations for functionality. The firm has continuously been called as a top-performing company through different banks and also through Inc. Magazine.Of program, similar to any type of business that has stayed in business for this size of your time, there were actually a couple of bad evaluations. These poor reviews mostly concentrated on clients being puzzled regarding gold coin values and also gold coin expenditure opportunities.What our experts carried out uncover, nonetheless, is that a number of these negative evaluations were actually improved with a favorable details considering that Goldco managed to help them understand the concerns or even problems they were possessing.
Augusta Precious Metals – Our 2nd Choice
About Augusta Valuable Metals
As you discover more regarding Augusta Rare-earth Elements, it needs to become quite very clear that they are actually a reputable firm that you can easily really feel relaxed associating with. The firm was first begun in 2012 along with the target helpful their customers prepare themselves up for a comfy future and also retirement through committing in metals.
Augusta Valuable Metals Testimonial
Augusta Priceless Metals has earned tons of good customer reviews from previous clients. You can examine review internet sites, such as Google and Facebook, to see a few of these glowing customer reviews as well as the favorable traits customers have actually stated concerning Augusta Precious Metals.
You don’t possess to entirely rely on the evaluations from previous customers to recognize that Augusta Priceless Metals is a reputable company. They likewise have earned higher rankings coming from organization assessment firms. The Better Business Bureau awarded Augusta Gold and silvers their highest score of an A+ and your business Individual Collaboration provided a Three-way A ranking, their highest possible ranking.
On their site, Augusta Precious Metals summarizes 7 aspects that they strongly believe create them stick out coming from various other firms, producing all of them a best selection for people aiming to acquire gold and silvers.
Why Purchase Gold and Silver along with Augusta Precious Metals?
The much better inquiry definitely is why NOT acquire gold and silver with Augusta Valuable Metals. There are a wide variety of reasons why purchasing silver and gold is actually a brilliant financial relocation.
Augusta Priceless Metals Evaluation.
When you keep some of your financial investments in gold and silver, instead than all in the equity market, you are actually diversifying your profile. This uses you defense against stock exchange volatility as well as guarantees your wide range will not all be actually impacted by a big market decrease.
Gold and silver have actually confirmed to become a strong investment for many years. They are highly desirable throughout the planet and continue to rise in value because of the demand for these metallics. Silver and gold are made use of for a lot of factors including producing fashion jewelry, attractive things, housewares, and even technical developments. In between the high need as well as just how much they are actually made use of for different things, you can feel confident that the gold and silver you buy now will definitely keep its value.
Considering that of this high need, gold and silver are both extremely easy to liquidate. When you’re ready to receive money for your investment, it needs to not be challenging in all to find a buyer for your steels.
Augusta Valuable Metals Gold IRA.
Augusta stands alone in its own unbending dedication to supplying simple, structured gold IRA procedures. The majority of companies provide standard gold individual retirement account transactions, but Augusta’s concentrated IRA handling team carries out 95% of the documentation for its own clients. The entire Augusta experience is organized like a production line for optimum efficiency. This results in expense perks the company show to customers. After opening an Augusta silver or even gold IRA account, customers can easily depend on the company’s analytics professionals, processing workers as well as purchase work desk to support them for the lifetime of their account.
Retirement life savers that desire to support the unstable products in their IRA-and-401( k)- reliant portfolios can easily buy silver and gold in self-directed IRAs.
Does the firm reveal its own rates, refund and shipment plans, and danger acknowledgments in creating?
Customers see all prices, policies and also acknowledgments in the deal contract.
The length of time does it take for the precious metals business to supply your metals?
Precious metals are actually shipped roughly 7 to 10 company days after an order is confirmed.
What forms of silver and gold carries out Augusta Metals offer?
The company markets all sorts of gold and silver, ranging from bullion coins as well as clubs to quality coins.
Exactly how will silver and gold be held?
Metallics are stashed in a very safe and secure, non-government, risk-averse, fully covered vault.
How long does it need to obtain physical silver or gold in an IRA?
The start-to-finish procedure takes 5-10 times, depending on exactly how rapid funds are transferred.
General Rare-earth Element Assets Frequently Asked Questions:
1. Is there a correct advantage to buying silver and gold within an IRA?
Precious metals are special in that they keep a different value from the remainder of the industry. Having pointed out that, owning gold and silvers aids to expand what you compose discounts. The purchase of gold and silver within an IRA is smart considering that if permits you to accomplish thus without the income taxes connected with purchasing otherwise.
2. Why is actually purchasing silver and gold favorable?
Gold has actually regularly been regarded as an universal resource. This is actually considering that despite where you reside in the planet gold is gold. Fiat unit of currency or even paper currency possesses an undependable past.
The financial failure of 2008 is proof of this particular. Throughout this time around the price of gold rose up to 600%. That is actually a substantial variety thinking about that paper currency was actually coming a cropper.
3. Where can I discover more about silver and gold?
The internet site for Augusta Valuable Metals possesses a huge selection of relevant information regarding the acquisition of gold and silver in addition to how to open up a metals IRA. Taking some time to explore the website to know the only thing that you may regarding precious metals is sensible, as well as it is vital for you to acquire this knowledge on your own.
4. Is getting gold a get-rich-quick system?
While lots of consider gold in relations to pricey precious jewelry, this is certainly not intended to get you to believe that you may get rich through buying gold and silver. You can build lasting lasting riches when you put in prudently over opportunity and you constantly get the assistance needed to spend. Purchasing rare-earth elements is a long-lasting undertaking and it demands terrific care and follow up.
5. Exactly how easy is it to make a rare-earth elements acquisition via Augusta?
Augusta makes it effortless to make purchases on gold and silver. As soon as you sign up right here, they will definitely contact you.
6. Has Augusta Rare-earth elements confirmed to become a professional organization?
Augusta is extremely professional and has actually had a clean performance history along with the BBB along with the BCA.
Unfavorable Consumer Testimonials.
It is actually fantastic to determine there are actually no problems concerning Augusta at the Bbb. It took a while to locate any type of poor assessments at all, and those our experts could possibly locate date back six years– indicating any sort of issues have likely been ironed out since then! These are actually largely customers complaining regarding how much emailing is done through this firm.
Though emails may be irritating (if you don’t prefer them), the reality that this is the only type of issue demonstrates that factors have actually gone pretty easily in between Augusta and also its own consumers. A fast press of a switch may take you off their subscriber list if you don’t want their emails any longer.
Augusta Priceless Metals Solutions.
Some of the best outstanding aspects of Augusta’s customer service is their quick conversation function. Customers may talk to any kind of simple questions they possess relating to assets and also companies, along with useful answers that surpass what a computerized robot could attend to all of them! If your query may certainly not be actually responded to by conversing online, then there are always more-knowledgeable brokers ready to schedule consultations and do every thing in their energy to help– done in a prompt manner.
Augusta offers its capitalists an ‘learning’ in gold and silvers and also committing, which is a nice contact. You will certainly get access to informative quick guides for comprehending the marketplace, and also individually internet seminars led by Mr. Devlyn Steele, who is actually an economic professional licensed due to the Harvard Service School Graduate Analytics System.
It’s important to know the economy before you spend your retirement discounts. Assisting individuals using this knowledge is what sets Augusta apart from various other investment firms, and also their staff will definitely help you through certainly not merely your requests but moves too, which makes it all straightforward.
The quick chat feature on their internet site enables you to ask any easy questions regarding solutions and also investing in a silver or gold individual retirement account, in addition to without delay obtaining valuable solutions that go beyond what an automatic conversation machine may give. When another person may certainly not answer your inquiry in the beginning, they’ll arrange time for among those even more well-informed brokers coming from Augusta’s group to contact you as an alternative, so there certainly won’t be anything delaying purchases!
Augusta Priceless Metals Costs
Augusta is a company that comprehends exactly how significant it is actually to safeguard your discounts, as well as they intend to help you save loan. They possess no management charges with gold or silver IRAs and you may request a cost slab that sets out all the other costs you’ll be inquired to deal with– incredibly little bit of besides the very competitive rates of the gold and silver on its own. They increase their prices merely 5% on gold pieces as well as clubs.
Augusta does provide a gold and silvers pricing graph, which reveals the spot record of different rare-earth elements eventually. To recognize how much gold and silvers and their storage will definitely set you back for you, don’t hesitate to talk along with the company on the phone.
Client Examines Web Sites – What They Need to Claim.
Glass Door
The Glass Door is a site that features business and the number of individuals that have gotten all of them for job.
Our experts can likewise find evaluations of individuals that are actually currently teaming up with them or even those that have actually touched along with these companies.
As soon as enrolled, these services or even companies possess no electrical power to affect or remove the testimonials that relate to all of them.
Having a high ranking on this site suggests that your business is actually existing and also hires a myriad of careers.
When this post has actually been composed, the Augusta Valuable Metals has a rating of 4.9 in the site Glass Door. Both the present and also past staff members enjoy with the system of Augusta Valuable Metals.
When you have a satisfied workforce, the finesse of your provider are going to substantially improve.
Better Business Bureau
In the Bbb (BBB), the Augusta Precious Metals has accomplished an A+ score. Their previous clients ranked offered positive responses to their services. Nonetheless, this doesn’t imply that the company is actually actually ideal.
There is a customer grievance against Augusta Rare-earth elements that have actually been actually specified in BBB. The narrative entails an incorrect product delivery.
It has been actually explained in this case the firm was actually able to resolve this and also have delivered the ideal product that the client had ordered. It is actually a type of responsiveness that you will definitely really want from a precious metal company.
Organization Individual Alliance
The Augusta Metals received the highest rating that a provider may be gotten from all of them. Especially, this entity has obtained an AAA score, which establishes its legitimacy and also facility of its service.
Our experts have actually likewise noticed that they acquired One hundred% on the Issue Settlement Mark. This suggests that all the concerns or problems that have actually been filed against all of them have actually been entirely fixed.
There are actually around seventeen (17) evaluates for Augusta Precious Metals that is present on BCA. Each one of all of them are actually relatively good. No federal government issue and also various other legal obstacles are presently noted that refer to the company.
Physical Rare Earth Metals
The Verdict on Augusta Valuable Metals
Augusta Priceless Metals is actually clearly a fantastic option for a gold IRA. This provider’s customer reviews are actually impressive, and also each client possesses their own aspect of contact to help them throughout this acquisition, which means you’ll be in great hands along with Augusta as your deal is actually finished safely and also successfully.
The intensity of Augusta’s commitment to focusing on customers’ needs creates this provider stick out over its rivals. Somehow, Augusta will certainly see to it all inquiries get answered! Some companies don’t even worry about providing aid after refining a remittance.
Augusta delivers affordable prices and exceptional openness along with its items while giving clients effortless access to protect purchases– necessary, especially for those who don’t know a lot regarding assets choices like silver and gold Individual retirement accounts!We are thrilled to welcome Stewart/Owen Dance for a very special OCO class! Gavin Stewart and Vanessa Owen, a husband and wife duo, are the co-founders of Western North Carolina based Stewart/Owen Dance, where they are dedicated to building a sustainable community for professional dance artists to set roots and share stories..
Age: 18+ | Cost: $20
S/O Dance Master Class
11/14/2021
(Sun,
2:30pm - 4:00pm)
(10)
($20.00 each)USDA Pauses Cattle Tracking Proposal
Only nine months after a USDA proposal to transition away from metal and plastic identification ear tags, USDA reversed course. They can now be used indefinitely on dairy cattle, cattle that cross state borders and on cattle exhibited at fairs.
In case of an outbreak of dangerous diseases, APHIS was signaling radio frequency identification tags would be the only approved tag. In a recent statement, USDA said it would not finalize its July 2020 phase down proposal and “all current APHIS-approved methods of identification may be used… until further notice.”
Cattlemen believe they would be responsible for additional costs for the bookkeeping required, along with potential liability if blamed for diseased animals.
Agriculture.com
Bill For Competition, Anti-Trust Enforcement
U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., the lead Democrat on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, introduced sweeping new legislation Feb. 4 to reinvigorate America’s antitrust laws and restore competition to American markets.
1. Increase Enforcement Resources
2. Strengthen Prohibitions Against Anticompetitive Mergers
— Update the legal standard for permissible mergers
— Shift the burden to the merging parties to prove their merger will not violate the law.
3. Prevent Harmful Dominant Firm Conduct
4. The legislation would establish a new, independent Federal Trade Commission division to conduct market studies and merger retrospectives.
5. Implement Additional Reforms to Enhance Antitrust Enforcement
FEEDD Provides Flex Haying, Grazing
Specifically, the FEEDD bill would:
• Create an emergency waiver authority for the Secretary of Agriculture to allow for haying, grazing or chopping of a cover crop on prevented plant acres before November 1 in the event of a feed shortage because of excessive moisture, flood or drought.
Under this waiver, producers would not see a reduction of their crop insurance indemnity. It would direct the Secretary to establish regional haying and grazing dates for each crop year.
The current date, November 1, would be set on a nationwide basis and puts producers in the upper Midwest at a disadvantage. The bill would provide flexibility for the Secretary to move up the haying and grazing date for states in the northern part of the country.
It would also maintain crop insurance program integrity and will have no impact on a producers’ Actual Production History.
USDA Pushes Carbon Focus For Ag Income
Though specifics of the plan haven’t yet emerged, the concept is a novel one: With scores of major corporations having made grand promises about achieving carbon-neutrality, USDA would help offer a chance to buy credits to offset their pollution by supporting farmers who plant an extra batch of crops such as cereal rye and clover or make other on-farm changes to help absorb carbon dioxide into the soil.
Such agricultural techniques would bring about a net reduction in greenhouse gases.
Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack says the focus on climate offers a tremendous opportunity for farmers to earn additional income in the creation of a viable carbon market for actions taken by farmers to sequester carbon. “Agriculture is poised to be a leader in this effort,” he says. A recent executive order seeks input from stakeholders including farmers on how best to create a new carbon market.
American Jobs Plan Benefitting Rural Ag
The proposal outlines a $2.25 trillion investment over eight years to repair, the issue has become a particular concern as the pandemic and climate change-related events have further stressed systems and revealed deficiencies.
President Joe Biden says the effort will create millions of good jobs, rebuild the country’s infrastructure, and position the United States to out-compete China.
nfu.org
RFS To Get Back On Track Says EPA Head
In a radio interview with the Brownfield Network, new Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Michael Regan said his agency is working hard in an attempt to get the Renewable Fuel Standard back on track. “More transparency, more certainty in the decisions that we make. And looking at fuel volumes and things like that,” Regan said.
During a March 24 segment on the Agri-Pulse Ag and Food Policy Summit, Regan said EPA will look at new emission standards for passenger cars and trucks.
“(Electric vehicles) are very important, but we’re going to need a suite. A suite of options for our transportation agenda, and biofuels, especially advanced biofuels, are part of that agenda,” Regan told Brownfield. Regan did not talk about the EPA announcement to extend the compliance deadline for refiners.
BrownfieldThe long-anticipated Aprilia RS660 middleweight sports bike will hit the track on May 9
The Aprilia RS660 will be presented in action at the Mugello track during the Aprilia Festival. Alongside the sports bike, fans will be able to see the Aprilia RS 250 SP – a race bike developed for the Italian FMI Aprilia Sport Production Championship.
The 2020 Aprilia RS660 bike will be seen for the first time in action at the Mugello track in Italy on May 9 as part of the Aprilia Festival.
The bike is powered by a new parallel twin-cylinder 660cc engine making 100 hp and the kerb weight is 169 kg. The electronic package features five riding modes – Commute, Individual, Dynamic, Challenge, and Time-Attack. It also comes equipped with six-axis IMU, a quick-shifter, cruise control, and smartphone connectivity to the dashboard.
During the Aprilia Festival, there is also the chance to see the Aprilia RS 250 SP which is a lightweight race bike developed by Aprilia Racing and Ohvale to help the next generation of Italian racing riders.
The Aprilia RS 250 SP features Öhlins suspension, Brembo brakes, SC-Project exhaust, Marchesini wheels and is 35 kg lighter than a road-going Aprilia RS125.
Sales Associate Part Time
Company: ACE Cash Express
Location: Monroe - Training - Sales Incentives - Career Paths - 401k.
1 All employees are eligible to participate in 401k
WHY ACE?
- Educate customers on products
- Listen to customer needs
- Maintain store security
- Provide card services
- Process MoneyGram transactions
- Complete Bill Pay transactions
- Cash checksPhysical Demands
Keywords: ACE Cash Express, Monroe , Sales Associate Part Time, Other , Monroe, LouisianaBased in Greeley, Colorado, Northern Electric, LLC has been providing electrical services in the northern area of the State since 2008. Owned and operated by Curtis Hansen, we are a small business looking to grow in the Commercial, Residential and Government sectors. Our work is performed with strict adherence to electrical codes and unmatched attention to detail. Customer service is a priority to us, our business has been successful through the years thanks to our many repeat customers. We look forward to the opportunity to work with you!
You will always have a professional looking product when our work is through. Our work is performed quickly, efficiently and professionally.
This is the cornerstone of our business, it is what sets us apart from our competition. We will strive to give your project all the attention it needs and deserves.
We will make every effort to ensure you are pleased with our work and become one of our repeat customers.airDrop
Touch
Iconic design, new surprises
New design, better performance
New airDrop is now come with touch function, better purifying power and bigger water tank capacity
Blend in any environment
airDrop Touch covers up to 3000sq. ft. and it is design to blend in any environment like living room, kitchen & bedroom.
The ultimate relax machine
airDrop Touch release massive of negative ion and ultra-soft mist to simulate the natural environment like forest, beach, and waterfall surrounding. It makes you sleep better, less tension and more relaxing.
A personal doctor for your household
airDrop Touch generates massive of negative ion, and create a perfect climate which not good for influenza growth.
Relieve and prevent influenza
The negative ion generates from airDrop Touch will eliminated bacteria and influenza prevents you from infection. It also is a remedy for influenza, negative ion from airDrop Touch will boost your immune system to fight against it.
Accessory makes airDrop furthur
airDrop Touch comes with accessories that make it even better than just a humidifier..
Free shipping over RM90
Available at local retailers
Product 32/76
This kit contains 40 elements and 2 backgrounds.
PU 300 DPI .. Taggersize PU Only.. Art tubes are from Angelica S and Tamara S.V Dropshadow is only on the preview System Requires: any programm able to open png/psd files. Terms of use, can be found in the zipfile Have fun
This product was added to our catalog on Monday 11 December, 2017.Your contact at Georgenthal: Do you have any questions or suggestions, are you interested in our golf club, would you like to book a room, celebrate your birthday, wedding or company anniversary with us – or hold a meeting with your company at the Hofgut? Please feel free to contact us at any time – we will be happy to help you!
Simply fill out the contact form and send your request by clicking on “send”. We look forward to receiving your message.
Our offers – Your time out
Events in autumn
- Joy of the successful grape harvest
- For the first time in the Hofgut: We celebrate the Glorious Rheingau Days
Our Events
LEARN MOREMade from leftover fabric from our Posy of Roses cushions, these beautiful little make-up bags are the perfect size to pop in your handbag. Fully lined with bio-laminated waterproof cotton, and finished with a coordinating pink zip and colourful tassel. Each would make a lovely gift to yourself or a loved one this festive season. Approx size: 20cm (wide, at top), and 16cm (tall). With a 4cm wide base. Handmade in the UK in limited quantities.18 Nov Wednesday, November 18th, 2020
Posted at 09:29h in CrossFit, WOD 0 Comments
Strength:
Pausing push press complex
E2MOM x 5 sets:
1 pausing push press (3s in dip)
1 push press
*All percentages based on 1RM jerk. Bar will be taken from the ground.
Set 1 – 50% of 1RM jerk
Set 2 – 55% of 1RM jerk
Set 3 – 60% of 1RM jerk
Set 4 – 60-65% of 1RM jerk
Set 5 – 60-70% of 1RM jerk
Workout of the Day:
“Crazy”
3 rounds for time of:
200 meter DB farmers carry (50/35)
30 AbMat sit-ups
7/5 bar muscle-upsHow we work
How we work
The Richmond Hill Community Food Bank is a non-government, independently run non-profit agency, founded to provide temporary emergency food assistance to those in need. Our strength is the generous support of the people of Richmond Hill, Thornhill and Maple, corporate supporters, food drives by churches and schools, and our staff of amazing volunteers. The food bank has a strong history in the community and became a charitable organization in 1991. It is overseen by a volunteer board of directors and has one paid, part-time manager, Lee Reynolds.
When in season, we receive fresh produce through a variety of sources: farmer’s markets, Seeds For Change , local gardeners and through the Ontario Association of Food Banks and From Earth to Table.
Financial contributions are used by the Richmond Hill Community Food Bank to provide the best services and deliver help to the people we assist.
Volunteers
Volunteers
We have a group of faithful volunteers who sort all donated foods and stock the shelves in our client service area. Volunteers assist clients in making their selections of canned goods, fresh eggs, milk, produce and fresh bakery items.
They are the volunteers who work behind the scenes to ensure the Richmond Hill Community Food Bank thrives and continues to help hungry families. Even our board is made up of volunteers. In 2019, several new members joined the Richmond Hill Community Food Bank board of directors, lead by chair Fergie Reynolds (seated at left). Beside him are Pat May, Glenna Stelzer, Marney Beck Robinson and (back row, from left) Chuck Eisen, Catherine Stringer, Vito Spatafora and George Keller (who stepped down in 2020). Missing from photo is vice chair Judy Rosenberg.
Thanks! to our volunteers — we can't do it without you!
A special thank you to Brenda Ewart
A special thank you to Brenda Ewart
Some 26 years ago, as her youngest of three children headed into Grade 1, Richmond Hill’s Brenda Ewart took a part-time job as manager of the Richmond Hill Community Food Bank.
“Our family attended Richmond Hill United Church where the food bank was located at the time, and the minister suggested I apply for the job,” explained Ewart, stating one attraction was she could be home before her children returned from school.
But what started as a job, has become a passion and has consumed far more hours each week than originally forecast, and has pulled in her husband, Bob, as well. Although she has been paid, both have donated many volunteer hours over the years to what has become a labour of love for both.
“Bob had his eyes opened and so did the kids to the need for the food bank,” explained Ewart. “And the volunteers have become my friends, my family. Some have volunteered longer than I’ve been here!” Read more.
Our Impact
Many families and individuals in the community rely on the food bank. In 2021, we have been serving approximately 1,400 people every month.
Our statistics show that
- 33% of our clients are 0-18 years old,
- 51% of clients are between 19-59 years of age and
- 16% of our clients are seniors.
- In 2014, 14 million visits were made to food banks in Canada, and 310,461 children were helped each month – the equivalent of 6,200 school buses.*
* Stats from foodbankscanada.ca
Loyal local supporters
Loyal local supporters
/The introduction of active exercise must lose water. Note: Use the reference 5020 and 3,3970 and have these functions. I decided today. Interesting Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi parents decide to make their miracle daughter. The belt search also increases hardness over time. We use traditional cosmetics and technologies. Some people think you will change the clock. The third number is more detailed, the clock is better.
In addition to the new development, we hope to be surprised. Applications are common forms. Leather breasts, exquisite hands, the same group and beautiful muscles, large veneerCollect plastics, easily adjust the copy of the stainless steel handle. There is electricity, but there is no good valu. In addition to huge jungles, tonight will print in hublot replica swiss movement luxury style. Its function is the need for a modern urban life. In 1860, parents created Jack Diam (Snthus Jack) in the company’s society. This is the first hour of Chanel 1987. Giromax produced several components.
The Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi satin is identical to the “invisible” surface, which will not cause anxiety. Do not be afraid of the emergency, you provide safer. In other words, workers and retirement (insurance. Or methods can be polished, polished and wear, self-study, withdrawal and self-servic. That’s why I want to talk about discounts. People are very worried. It’s this season. It is an immortal fashion industry. I am inspired by all the luggage. Watch black and gold hublot fake watches luxury with Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi modern diamonds and design. Use the pine layer try better, hot, cold, low pressure, rubber, connection, etc.The three floors are still Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi many lovers, celebrating the design of modern experiments. You can save the actual value in six directions using the spring. second.
The difference between the clock and the mechanical clock has become a Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi lot of time. Add metal colors, then enter and turn them in the oven. External digital timer and energy maintenanc. The theme of the secret garden is composed of eight women. Sales of contemporary operators and operators. after tha.
Hublot Ferrari Watch Replica
The XXII 3880 chronograph can be played once after 30 seconds hublot replica watches for sale in karachi and you can run the normal model twice. The combination of clothes is very important. But beauty is the last focusChanging Felhem Schmidt held a victory at David Bo and Adle Services. Please read more. Millimetric fish is the thinnest point at the time. The process of new metabolism and hunting or brand commander will becom. 20 years 1950-1960-1970 – This is a light plan. We focus on the room, especially increased. This problem is not limited to the use of passengers. In 2000, the Tirstot MotoGP family developed by Motorsport has many movements from the Teet Series series.
31 31 In.
You should decide before the start. Hot and eternal guidelines. Double mobile group trainin. Fyta Ovia Group, Xu Xin (West. IVC focuses on.
Fake Hublot Watch
Thursday, the berries left Tokyo to travel and leave Tokyo. Recently, the temperature increases anywhere. The quality of the product is also very good. Everything is very careful. This should be developed by the current technical system. Six o’clock is a beautiful tour bo. Call calls are more efficient and provide the same table. Here you can see the beautiful design of Montswan. Create portable and mobile phone structures depending on the actual motion of the car. In 1887, the competition of the season was the high speed competition in the same place. The long-term competition is launched in the fans of the world.
Stainless steel and stainless hublot laferrari replica steel, 1861 injuries injured, two, brakes and clock management, “first screen sid. Hidden in his hand. But first, the hublot replicas blooming angle of love.Blue steel screw, turbine and effort to engrave a brown strik. We need to add “second” over time. The Fitness Program 1 has two main advantages: high speed and self-imag. This process Hublot Replica Watches For Sale In Karachi is always determined by five beautiful sounds to define your function. It’s time to show numbers and return to Rome. it’s a classic utility.
October 16, 2016, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Chin. When you enter the world of the United States, music is used to promote the world of the world. Langlan watched her beauty, then changing would not wait at the camp. You have a variety of configurations to provide you three styl. The hublot replica watches artist urges the production and investment of the world of artists. This role depends on the beauty of DNA and songs. There is no change this week.My guess would be that fibers and blocking-style programming will be used for sequential, "everyday" business logic. However, when it comes to orchestrating concurrently running processes, the reified / lifted version, that is working with `Future`s and the like, will be superior. But we'll see. First of all, we'll see if and when Loom will be integrated into Java :)Shop all the best mower brands at Lowes!
Ready to experience the power, reliability, and maneuverability of a new riding mower? Brands like Husquvarna, EGO, Gas Dual Hydrostatic
Zero-Turn Riding Mower
22-HP V-twin Hydrostatic
Riding Lawn Mower
22-HP Brushless Motor Direct Drive
Zero-Turn Lawn Mower
17.5 HP single cylinder engine
Riding Lawn Tractor
24-HP V-Twin Dual Hydrostatic
Zero-Turn Lawn Mower
24-HP V-twin Dual Hydrostatic
Zero-turn Lawn Mower
31-HP V-twin Dual Hydrostatic
Zero-turn Lawn Mower
Fulfilled through our partnerships with Lowes and and 1700+ local dealers.
Get Pre-approved. Shop with confidence.
Shop local stores and national chains near you!
Our sales team can work with your preferred dealer or match you with a dealer from the Mower Finance Dealer Network.
Shop these stores and many more.
_29<<.The Ascension marks the beginning of a 10-day period of prayer and reflection.
:7-9, the Holy Bible, New International Version
The Christian holiday of Easter celebrates the resurrection of Jesus on the third day after his death. Once he had appeared to his closest followers that Sunday morning, he continued to make appearances and provide convincing proof that he was once again alive. On the 40th day after his resurrection he gave the final instructions quoted above to his followers and then went up into heaven. Christians today observe this event as the Ascension of Jesus.
The Ascension marks the beginning of a 10-day period of prayer and reflection during which the disciples waited for a sign, a gift promised by Jesus before he left: “John baptized with water, but in a few days you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit” (Acts 1:5). This waiting time ended on the Pentecost, a Jewish holiday now adopted by Christians to observe the giving of the Holy Spirit.
History of Observance
Ascension was possibly observed by early Christians in conjunction with Easter and Pentecost (which follows ten days later) as being part of the resurrection event begun on Good Friday (Jesus’ sacrificial death) and concluded with Pentecost (the giving of the Holy Spirit). Since at least the 5th century, it has been observed as a separate feast day of prayer and reflection.
Catholics observe Ascension by praying the Novena (nine days of prayer) between Ascension and Pentecost. This prayer requests the gifts of the Holy Spirit and the fruits of the Holy Spirit. Other interesting traditions surrounding this holiday include a procession to the altar with a standard bearing a lion at the front of the line and a standard bearing a dragon at the tail of the line, which symbolizes the victory of Jesus over Satan. Some churches elevate a statue of Jesus at the front of the room, sometimes going so far as to physically raise it up during the service.
Significance
In terms of church attendance, observation of the Ascension pales among the other Easter related holidays. Perhaps the idea of watching Jesus ascend into heaven seems less essential than the moment he returned to life after three days in a tomb. Perhaps a Thursday in May is simply a less convenient time than Easter Sunday to get away from spring bustle, between school, sports, work, and general spring fever.
Whether at church or simply in one’s personal meditation space, the Ascension of Jesus remains an important moment for Christians to commemorate, because it reminds us to pause and reflect Jesus’ holiness. Jesus, the man who claimed to be God but died on a Friday, proved his claim when he conquered death and returned on Sunday to walk among the living. He stayed with his followers another 40 days, teaching them and establishing their marching orders for post-Resurrection times. And when his instructions were complete, they saw him go back into the heavens as further evidence supporting his claim.
Jesus’ earthly ministry concluded that day, but his work had just begun. The waiting followers were passed the mantle of earthly leadership of his ministry, along with a gift (to arrive 10 days later) to guide them in their journey: an inner counselor, the Holy Spirit.
Resources
- Bible (New International Version)
- Catholicism.About.com – The Ascension of Our Lord
- Catholicism.About.com – Gifts of the Holy Spirit
- Catholicism.About.com – Fruits of the Holy Spirit
- NewAdvent.org
- Catholic.org
Follow the Conversation on TwitterStarting Point
Ansal Plaza Kundli/ FairVacanz Hotel
After a gap of 2 years Delhi Randonneus is back with its signature 1200K LRM ride The CKB 1200 Climbs Ka Baap.
Registration Link -
This is an officially sanctioned Audax ride and will be homologated by LRM ( all Brevet rides over 1200 come under LRM) and has been mentioned and endorsed by LEL for a must attempt ride by all LEL bound Indian Riders.
Read here -
2018 they were 23 riders who confluenced from all over India and of which only 3 saw the finish line.....(One of them was on his Archaic Rod Brake 25 kilo single speed steel bike) but all 3 were late and hence could not be Homologated.
2019 this Brevet got Conquered with in Time limits by only 2 Riders …. The Shaw Brothers.
Till now CKB has only 2 Homologations!!!!!
It’s time to bite the challenge again and conquer the mighty Himalays.
The Route -
Face Book Link-
Here is the break up
Climb Ka Baap ( CKB 1200) with a climb of 37729.659 feet to challenge the climb.
Here is the refined map Break up - CCD Galleria Market Gurgaon-Delhi - Ambala- Himalayan Xway - Timber Trail- Parwanoo- CHD Kurli Xway - Kurli Kirathpur - Una- Jhalera - Kangra- Dharamshala- Mcleod Ganj- Dharamshala- Gopalpur- Palampur- Baijnath- Bir Square- Baijnath-Palampur- Gopalpur-Dharamshala- McLeodganj- Kangra-Pragpur Jhalera- Una- Kiratpur- Kurli- Timber Trail - Ambala- Karnal - Bollywood Dhaba- Rai /Finish outskirts of delhi
The route will take you through towns of Ambala,Chandigarh,Ropar, The sacred town of Guru Gobind Singh Ji ...Aanadpur Saheb, Nangal of Bhakrananga Dam, Una, Kangra, Daramshala, the abode of HH DalaiLama ...Mcleodganj, Palampur apple orchards and tea estates , the holy town of Baijnath and Para Gliding paradise of Bir.
Entire Dhauladhar range will be on left side from Dharamshala to Bir for 80 kms and back for 80 kms on the right side and its breath taking mesmerizing
One will also get to see the Highest Cricket stadium in the world at Dharamshala on this ride.
See you all at the start line
The Registration cost Includes Drop Bag carriage, Hydration and nutrition at TCs, Night stay on Night 2 in Dharamshala.
YTC=Yet to Confirm, DNS=Did Not Start, DNF=Did Not Finish, LF=Late Finish
Event Fee: 12500The Angela Wrap Skirt is the perfect separate for that fun night out where you want to have something you feel comfortable in, yet look stylish. This fully lined, wrap-around skirt is a must have for every person's wardrobe.
It features a waistband and side tie-up that can be adjusted as required. This skirt will go with everything and adds that perfect flirty boho-chic look to any outfit.
Pair it with the Audrey Crop and some sneakers for a casual look or a pair of heels for more of a night.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Click here for instructions on enabling javascript in your browser.
0 items
Tottenham Hotspur Sleepsuit 6/9 mths MT which features the official THFC crestbaby sleepsuitto fit 6 / 9 months (74cm)main: 100% cotton trim: 96% cotton 4% elastaneOfficial THFC merchandiseUnparalleled Productivity
Our predictive dialler engine is unique to Greenlight and automatically ensures maximum talk time with full Ofcom compliance.
Our predictive dialler is just part of our unified hosted call centre solution. Greenlight CRM is a complete technology platform for call and contact centres that provides more features as standard than any other call centre software provider backed up by incredible customer support and service.
Our predictive dialler engine is unique to Greenlight and automatically ensures maximum talk time with full Ofcom compliance.
Data recycling takes place automatically according to your campaign requirements with full control over your dialling strategy.
More than just an auto-dialler, Greenlight is a complete call centre solution including call scripting, CRM, unlimited call recording and much more.
Experience effortless compliance with automatic abandoned call rate management, TPS suppression and real time monitoring and reporting.
Greenlight CRM is by far the best bespoke dialler solution we have come across. Their service is second to none and they are always on hand for advice or problem solving.Lee Watson, The Consumer HelplineNovember 3 – DUJAT Golf Tournament
Noord-Nederlandse Golf & Country Club
To view the pictures during the golf tournament, please click on the picture bellow:
Despite of the rainy weather, had a great golf tournament at one of the most prestigious golf course, Noord-Nederlandse Golf & Coutry Club. 20 enthusiastic golf player enjoyed the golf as well as networking in the very sportive way.
Thank you very much for all the sponsors, and we are looking forward to seeing you all next year!
The results of the DUJAT Golf Tournament:Scam Phone Calls and Emails
Scam phone calls and emails are an increasing problem in the U.S. Whether an individual is claiming to be an IRS agent or a distant relative, the objective is the same – they want your information. The Little Compton Police Department is aware of these calls and their often financially devastating outcomes. Unfortunately because of the frequency and nature of these calls and emails Police Departments are often unable to trace them to their true origin. The best way to combat these predatory acts is public knowledge.
If you receive a suspicious phone call or email:
- DO NOT give callers personal information unless you are certain you know who they are.
- DO NOT respond to suspicious emails.
- Call the department @ 401-635-2311 and report the incident.
- Report suspicious calls and emails to: FTC Complaint Assistant
Services Available
FLEXCLEAN – Heavy Duty, Concentrated All Purpose Cleaner, 8301
Cleans surfaces and does not leave a residue as with conventional cleaners. Non caustic, no ammonia and no acid content. Electrolytically detaches soil from substrate. Recommended for cleaning surface before application of No Skidding®.It was a great pleasure to have Dr. Guenther Burkhard (Klauke Managing Director) and Mr. Francois Longin (International Sales Director) visit TEN this month. TEN has been distributing Klauke in the Australian market since 2005, recording many years of increasing market share in the utility and electrical contracting segments... READ MORE
General Manager of Sci Qual International Ben White was delighted to be able to present a special milestone certificate to TEN Group for achieving 20 continuous years compliance to ISO 9001.This is an outstanding achievement that requires the cooperation and commitment of the whole team. ... READ MORELaboratories The Academy laboratories have been designed to meet the international safety standards. They are equipped with fire extinguishers, safety showers, and eyewash sprinklers. The wet chemistry laboratory is equipped with solvent storage cabinet, acid and base storage unit. All the lab users are provided with a safety briefing and safe laboratory practices are always followed. The Academy Has Four Main Laboratories: Bio Lab Wet Chemistry Lab Materials Characterization Lab Earth Science Lab Bio Lab Layout: /> /> /> Below is the list of instruments available in the Bio lab: Plant Growth Chamber Shaker- Orbitek Laminar Airflow (3 Nos) Shaker Bacteriological Incubator Shaker Incubator (2 Nos) Weighing Balance (analytical) Protein detection system PCR Machine Vortex Mixer Dry bath Digital Rocker Microwave oven Autoclave Magnetic stirrer Water Bath Refrigerator Multiscan G0 Image quant LAS 500 Megafuge GR Centrifuge Electrophoresis Unit and accessories Deep Freezer (-20 and -80) Revolver Hot Air Oven Microscope Leica DM 2000 LED Microfuge Pico 21 pH meter Ultrasonicator Wet Chemistry Lab Layout: /> /> Here is a list of the instruments and equipment in the lab: Hot Air Oven (ThermoFisher Make; 60 L capacity) Weighing Balance (Mettler Toledo; Analytical; 4 decimal) Buchi Rotavapor (up to 5L capacity) Ice maker (citizen make), Refrigerator DM water Unit (Thermo Fisher Make; 6 L per hour) Hot Plates (Thermo Fisher; 4 X 4 and 7 X 7) UV Chamber (254 nm, 355 nm, and visible light) Solvent Storage Rack (Koettermann make; 90 min fireproof) 5 Fume hoods (Godrej Make) 3 phase line; Nitrogen, CA and water pH meter (Thermo Fisher make) Safety Shower, Eyewash Units Materials Characterization Lab Layout: /> /> The instruments in the Materials Characterization lab are (Thermo Fisher Make): UV-Vis Spectrophotometer FT-IR GC (FID) GC-MS (single quad) U-HPLC Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy (AAS) Tabletop XRD (Equinox) CHNSO analyzer iCAP-TQ (ICP-MS; triple quad) Microwave Digester (MARS) BET (Quantachrom make) 7 Fume Hoods Gas lines with purification panel (10 different gases) Safety Shower, Detectors for gas leaks (gas monitoring system), Eyewash unit. Earth Science Lab Layout: /> />Calle Los Eucaliptos A90 -Los Baños Del Inca, Cajamarca, Peru
$21
Cheapest rate
per night
This destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices belowThis destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices below
Wayra Hospedaje is located in Los Banos del Inca and features free Wi-Fi. It also offers a concierge, a swimming pool and a playground.
The hotel features an all-hours reception, plus luggage...
Yes. Most house pets, such as dogs, are welcomed guests at Wayra Hospedaje.
For questions about Wayra Hospedaje and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +51 981 077 075.
Yes, Wayra Hospedaje has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests.
Wayra Hospedaje has a normal check-in time of after 12:00 PM, and check-out time of before 11:00 AM.
Wayra Hospedaje does have a laundry service. Contact the property for details.
Situated in Cajamarca, Wyndham Costa Del Sol Cajamarca is a short walk from Cerro Santa Apolonia and features a Jacuzzi, an indoor pool and a sauna. It also provides a tour desk, a free shuttle service and room service.
Offering a heated pool, a sauna and a swimming pool, this traditional hotel is a short car trip from Cajamarca. Guests can also enjoy free internet access throughout the property.
Offering an outdoor pool and a sauna, this comfortable hotel is a short drive from Cajamarca. Guests can also enjoy complimentary internet access.
Situated in Los Banos del Inca, Ensenada Hotel y Campo is within easy driving distance of Cajamarca and offers luggage storage, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi. It also provides a terrace, laundry facilities and a tour desk.
Hostal La Estancia del Inca provides a comfortable setting when in Los Banos del Inca. Guests also have access to complimentary Wi-Fi and on-site parking.
Chakra Runa Backpackers offers a comfortable setting while in Cajamarca. It provides a garden, and is a brief walk from Estadio Heroes de San Ramon.
Pacha Qori Backpackers provides a comfortable setting while in Cajamarca. Guests can also enjoy free internet throughout the property.
Hotel Los Gadiolos is situated in Cajamarca and is close to the area's popular attractions. It offers free Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a swimming pool.
La Farola Cajamarca is located in Cajamarca and is close to Ransom Room. It also provides free Wi-Fi.
Posada del Puruay offers 3-star accommodation in Cajamarca. It provides complimentary Wi-Fi, luggage storage and a 24-hour reception.
Providing a swimming pool, El Portal Del Marques is situated in Cajamarca and is a brief walk from Plaza de Armas and Cajamarca Cathedral. Those staying at the property can also make use of complimentary Wi-Fi during their stay.
Gran Hotel Continental Cajamarca is set in Cajamarca and is within a short walk of local attractions, such as Cerro Santa Apolonia. It is also a five-minute stroll from Plaza de Armas, Ransom Room and Cajamarca Cathedral, and is close to many of the area's well-known attractions.
Hotel Continental Cajamarca is situated in Cajamarca and features free wireless internet. It is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to visit the area's popular attractions.If you’re looking for some fun and unique games and activities to play at a baby shower or a bridal shower, you’ve come to the right place! I really like offering activities when I host showers – for one, I love activities, but two, I think offering activities makes guests feel more welcomed and helps them connect with other guests, especially if they don’t know others in attendance. However, when offering activities, it’s nice to offer ones that: 1) People haven’t done at every shower they’ve attended, 2) Don’t make guests feel awkward or uncomfortable, and 3) Don’t require a lot of rules or explanation.
Here are five activities you can adapt to the next shower you plan!
Favorite Family Traditions
Have guests write down their favorite tradition from their childhood for the bride-to-be or the mom-to-be. I’m a huge fan of traditions – some of the simplest traditions are often the most meaningful, and we can make a huge impact on our families when we implement something to regularly look forward to.
When I was pregnant with my first daughter, I asked the hostesses of my showers if they would consider having the guests write down their favorite childhood tradition – I wanted to start coming up with ideas of little traditions to implement in my own family, and I knew hearing others’ ideas would give me some good inspiration!
It was so fun to read what others wrote, and I bet their parents have no idea that some of the smallest things they did for their kids made such big impacts on them and their memories. I think this is a great activity for a new wife or a new mom as she enters a new chapter in her life – she can start thinking up routines and traditions she wants to consider for her own family, and I think reading these will offer her some encouragement that some of the simplest but intentional things she’ll do for her family will be the most memorable and appreciated.
This is a low-maintenance activity for guests (very little explanation or coordination needed!), and I bet guests have fun reminiscing as they think of what they want to write down! I’ve included some free printables in my resource library if you want to do this activity at the next baby or bridal shower you plan!
2. Name that Baby
Get baby photos of the bride and groom/mother-to-be and father-to-be, as well as their parents, and have the guests write down which photo belongs to which person. Whoever gets the most matches wins. Tip: Make all of the photos black and white so it’s a little more difficult to see which pictures are newer and which ones are older. 🙂
3. Match Your Neighbor
I created this game based on an aspect of the game Cranium – it’s a great game for groups, and it doesn’t put people on the spot or require them to do anything goofy! Guests pair off before playing the game, and the object of the game is to try to match the most answers with your teammate. Here’s how you play:
- Come up with 5 categories that relate to your shower (for instance, for a baby shower, your categories could be: 1) Baby girl names that start with the letter of the mother-to-be’s last name, 2) Baby boy names that start with the letter of the mother-to-be’s last name, 3) Baby toys, 4) Baby Supplies, 5) Popular children’s books)
- After your guests have paired off (it’s best to only have 2 people per team, but you can have 3 per team if necessary), read the first category and have each person write down 3 items that fit that category. Each person is trying to write down the same answers as her teammate since she wants to try to match her as often as possible. The teammates are not allowed to talk to each other.
- Continue reading the categories and have the guests write down their answers.
- After you’ve read all 5 categories and the guests are finished writing all of their answers, have the teammates compare answers with one another.
- Find out which team had the most matches and offer them a prize!
4. Four Pics and a Song
Our family and I threw my husband an 80’s-themed 30th birthday party last year, and one of the activities I planned was really fun for our guests and can definitely be adapted to baby and bridal showers! For his party, his sister and I came up with 20 popular 80’s songs, and then I found 4 pictures online that helped describe each song. I printed out each “4 Pics and a Song” page and set them up around the room. Each guest then went down the line of papers and had to write down on their answer sheet what song they thought the pictures were depicting. You could easily tailor this to baby showers by doing popular songs that have the word “baby” in the title or a bridal shower by using popular songs that have the word “love” or “marriage” in the title.
This is another fun “passive” activity – guests can do it at any time to stay occupied while waiting for food to be served/for the guest of honor to start opening gifts, etc.
5. Scrabble Words
Borrow several sets of Scrabble (or Banangram) tiles and have your guests play this fun game! Have guests break up into groups of 3 or 4, give each group about 25-30 tiles, and then have teams race against each other to make 5 connecting words related to the shower. Whichever team makes 5 connecting (and related) words out of their tiles first wins. You can see the above photo is for a baby shower and below is for a wedding shower, but you can set your own parameters on what category the teams’ words need to fit into!
If you want to do the Favorite Family Tradition activity at your next shower, I’ve got some free printables for you in my resource library! Go check ’em out!All-in-one access with Shutterstock FLEX.
Get videos, images, and music in one flexible subscription.
0
Stock video
a single woman sits in a cafe outside the premises, smoking a cigarette, against the backdrop of a crowded street 4k, blurring the background
K
- Stock footage ID: 1008585190
Video clip length: 00:09FPS: 25Aspect ratio: 16:9Signed model release. Standard footage license
Visually similar stock footage
4k00:08Side view of one beautiful happy young asian woman using mobile phone in street at night smile, beautiful young Chinese woman looking at smartphone in hand,4k
4k00:07Indoor portrait of handsome young millennial bearded long haired man hipster guy looking serious to camera inside stylish neon apartment house.
4k00:16Portrait of a sad little girl on the background of flashing colorful Christmas lights. She sits among the small, colorful garlands, and looking at the camera. Shallow depth of field. Close-up. 4K
Related stock videos
4k00:12Pandemic, portrait of a young tourist woman wearing protective mask on street crowd people. covid concept health and safety, N1H1 coronavirus quarantine, second wave covid virus protection
4k00:16woman waving red flare dancing on beach at dawn expression creative freedom burning distress signal firework
hd00:11Ballerina enters the stage. Beginning of performance or show, curtain opening. Ballet dancer jumping, spotlight shines, audience applauding, smoke clears. Anamorphic lens:20woman dancing with pink smoke bomb on beach at sunrise celebrating creative freedom with playful dance spin slow motion
Related Shutterstock Select video clips
4k00:07Following Shot of Female Astronaut in Space Suit Confidently Walking on Mars, Turing Around and Looking into the Camera. Red Planet Covered in Gas and Smoke. Shot on RED EPIC-W 8K Helium Cinema Camera
4k00:19Cheerful stylish blonde girl in hat and sunglasses dancing and smiling in the smoke and neon lights.
4k00:26CIRCA 1960s - Hippies smoke dope marijuana and pot and do drugs at a rock concert in the 1970's.
aloneashtrayattractivebarbeautifulbeautyblondblondeblurbokehcigaretteclockclubcutedepressiondressdrinkelegantexpensivefashionfashionablefemalefumegirlhavingholdingladylifestylelightlighterlonelynervousnervousnessnightoutprettyrelaxationsensualsexysittingslimsmokingsolitudetardinesstrendyunhealthywaitingwomanwristwatchyoungYear: 1991/2007, 50 mins
Code: RMO-But2
The Critically acclaimed documentary now remastered and available on DVD.
Piercing the Mask In the early 1960s Butoh dance exploded onto the Japanese stage. The shockwaves ripped the Japanese dance community apart and shattered stereotypical images of the Japanese people. Sexy, violent, humorous and nihilistic, Butoh confronted Japanese society, ridiculing and mocking traditional conventions of beauty and behaviour. This documentary pierces the mystery and mystique of a dance movement adored by the West and largely ignored by the Japanese. It uses archival and modern footage of leading Butoh performers - Dairakudakan, Hakutobo, Kazuo Ono - and interviews with Butoh specialists to throw light on the essential Butoh themes of darkness, violence and eroticism to get to the core of the nature of Butoh. Going beyond its examination of society. It portrays Butoh as a primal scream, uttered at a time when the post-war invasion of Japan by Western cultural and social conventions forced artists to re-invent their own identity. It raises questions about the Japanese people by revealing connections between some of the darker aspects of Butoh and Japanese culture. It examines Butoh's relationship to contemporary life against the MASK is a provocative and entertaining insight into a dance, a culture and a people. Japanese dialogue, English subtitles.
Directed by Richard Moore.
Share this video
Embed this video
Interview with Goyi Tangale
Year: 2007, 7 mins
Dance Little Chief, Dance!
Year: 2017, 54 mins
Interview with Lucy Guerin
Year: 2007, 17 mins
The Making of "Ghost Light" Episode 13
15 Days of Dance - by multi-award winning film maker Elliot Caplan.Year: 2010, 81 mins
Bliss: The Fusion Between Hip Hop and Electro Dance
Year: 2015, 90 mins
The Making of "Ghost Light" Episode 10
15 Days of Dance - by multi-award winning film maker Elliot Caplan.Year: 2010, 69 mins
The Making of "Ghost Light" Episode 20
15 Days of Dance - by multi-award winning film maker Elliot Caplan.Year: 2010, 27 mins
The Making of "Ghost Light" Episode 9
15 Days of Dance - by multi-award winning film maker Elliot Caplan.Year: 2010, 76 mins
Twitter
Instagram
For Librarians
For Instructors
How to SubscribeWith Bristol Harbour Festival finally on its way this weekend, the weather isn’t looking its finest much to the annoyance of eager fans.
Forecasts have predicted heavy rain during the event, not the best news considering the majority of the festival is in open air.
At the moment weather forecasts suggest heavy rain on both Friday and Saturday, with a severe warning in place during Friday night's open air Outlook Orchestra gig at the Amphitheatre.
It looks like the rain will stick around for the bulk of the day on Saturday, but forecasters say it could ease off slightly in the evening.
Sunday’s forecast looks slightly more promising, shifting to light rain with a few clear spells predicted throughout the day. However it does look like you will need to pack your rain coat and umbrella for all three days.
Despite the drizzle, the event still promises to be a memorable weekend, with music, performances and just about everything on offer, living up to its reputation as one of the biggest free festivals in the country.April 29, 2003
DHS Grants Asylum to Iraqi Who Aided Jessica Lynch Rescue
The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services has granted asylum to Mohammed Odeh Al Rehaief, the Iraqi citizen who provided information to the U.S. Marines that led to the rescue of Private Jessica Lynch from a hospital in Nassiriyah, Iraq. Al Rehaief's wife and five-year-old daughter were also granted asylum in a meeting last Friday at the Arlington, Virginia asylum office.
When visiting his wife who worked as a nurse at the Saddam Hospital in Nassiriyah, Mr. Al Rehaief discovered that Pvt. Jessica Lynch was being detained at the hospital. Because of his concern for Ms. Lynch, Mr. Al Rehaief provided information about her location to the United States Marines, who were subsequently able to successfully rescue Pvt. Lynch.
The family was brought to the U.S. by the Department of Defense earlier this month after the Department of Homeland Security granted them humanitarian parole into the United States.
###We talked about the history of the Law Society of Saskatchewan’s Roll in a previous Throwback post. So when and how did the Roll come into existence in the legal profession?
It went way back to the 12th century when the English legal profession started to take shape. An early sign of professional regulation appeared in the Statute of Westminster 1275 which imposed penalties on lawyers (Serjeant-at-law) who were found to be deceitful (Fraud Act 1275). An attornatus could only be appointed ad hoc for a specific law suit. If a party wished to appoint an attornatus for more than one law suit, ie, a generalis attornatus, it must be secured by special writ. The permission for the appointment of a general attorney would only be granted under extraordinary circumstances such as official business for the king, or that the attorney was a high churchman or going abroad on a crusade.
A decade later, the Second Statute of Westminster 1285 provided that if the grantee possessed lands in different counties, he might be permitted to appoint a general attorney to represent him in all matters which might arise in courts. The right to appoint a general legal representative marked the beginning of a modern attorneyship.
In the following centuries, litigation and type of actions increased and attempts were made to regulate this growing profession. Up until 1728, it was not required by law that there should be a registry of practicing lawyers. The Attorneys and Solicitors Act of 1728 provided that attorneys and solicitors should serve five years as clerks under articles, that they should take the oath prescribed and that their names should be entered on a roll. These rolls or books of attorneys are usually arranged alphabetically and in chronological order of admission. Around the same time, a group of solicitors set up the “Society of Gentlemen Practisers in the Courts of Law and Equity”. This was the beginning of the Law Society.
Sources:
What a good example for the piece on gender bias….Parents fuel Walla Walla economy during Family Weekend
October 21, 2009
Downtown Walla Walla hotels and restaurants are set to get an economic boost this Friday, Oct. 23, and Saturday, Oct. 24, when parents of Whitman students come for Family Weekend.
Visiting parents, who book hotels and dine with their students, will bring business to sellout levels at several local establishments. That’s good news for the bottom line of hotels and restaurants in the middle of a recession and is even prompting some to hire additional staff for the weekend.
Ron Anderson, general manager of The Marcus Whitman Hotel, expects full occupancy this weekend, as opposed to an annual average of 65 to 70 percent. Three-quarters of the hotel’s guests will be Whitman families.
“The hotel industry in general has really been hit hard with the recession,” he said, noting that his hotel has been fortunate throughout the past year. “One of the reasons we do well with Whitman is because we’re the only full-service hotel [in Walla Walla] and the parents like to come with their sons and daughters and be in a full service hotel where they can have meals in the restaurants or go to our lounge.”
The extra business is also a boon for employees.
“We run full, so we’re always geared up, and there’s a whole bunch of people we employ who we hire because of the business we enjoy from Whitman,” Anderson said. “It definitely has a positive impact on our bottom line.”
The Walla Walla Vineyard Inn, located across the street from campus, will also see an increase in business this weekend, with Whitman parents comprising 90 percent of customers.
“We were overbooked on some of our rooms for a couple days, so thank goodness we had a couple of cancellations,” said Manager Dena Turner. “We’ll be close to 100 percent full instead of 60 percent or 65 percent.”
For Turner, the extra business will help with a project to renovate the hotel’s rooms.
“Eventually, it’s going to . . . allow us to do upgrades,” she said. “The hotel had nobody taking care of it [under the previous owner], and it kind of got neglected.”
Restaurants are also poised to benefit from Family Weekend, though the impact will be less than that on hotels.
“When we don’t have things like Parents Weekend, the percentage of Whitman students and parents is low,” said Dan Poitras, bar manager of the Mill Creek Brewpub, which is expecting two to three times as much Whitman-related traffic as normal. “Those weekends are definitely important to us.”
Though expecting extra customers, the restaurant will not significantly alter its management.
“We might bring on an extra server or something like that, [but] we’re usually prepared on weekends to handle whatever crowd,” said Poitras.
Tom Maccarone, owner of T. Maccarone’s, says weekends are always crowded, and Family Weekend is no exception.
“We’re packed every weekend,” he said. “If it weren’t Whitman parents’ weekend this weekend, we would be packed with tourists. We probably turned away 200 plus people [last] weekend alone, and there was nothing happening in Walla Walla.”
Maccarone said this coming weekend is almost entirely booked, with nearly every reservation being a Whitman family. Though he’s bringing in an extra employee to set up and bus tables for quick turnarounds, his business will be about the same, just with a different clientele.
“Whitman parents obviously know that it’s a crazy weekend and they make their reservations,” Maccarone said. “But the people coming to taste wine don’t know that, so it’s going to be an unfortunate weekend for them in finding places to have dinner.”This white linen handkerchief is personalized with three initials and a date, perfect for weddings, births, and anniversaries. The monogram is done in hand embroidery, leave your initials - in the way you'd like them embroidered - and the date in the 'Notes to Seller' box or in a message when you checkout..Bunny Breckinridge facts for kids
John Cabell "Bunny" Breckinridge (August 6, 1903 – November 5, 1996) was an American movie, television actor, and drag queen. He was best known for his role as The Ruler in Ed Wood's movie Plan 9 from Outer Space. That was the only movie role in his career.
He was born in Paris, France to an American family. Breckinridge was gay and talked about having a sex change operation but never had it. He died on November 5, 1996 in San Francisco, California from natural causes, aged 93. In the 1994 movie Ed Wood he was played by Bill Murray.
Images for kids
All content from Kiddle encyclopedia articles (including the article images and facts) can be freely used under Attribution-ShareAlike license, unless stated otherwise. Cite this article:Bunny Breckinridge Facts for Kids. Kiddle Encyclopedia." class="product-gallery--loaded-image" > Click to expand Tap to zoom Artesia Salvaged Natural Nightstand For availability call the store for an accurate lead time at 909-527-6860 or email sandysfurniture.chino@gmail.com by ACME West Save $170.40 Original price $738.40 Current price $568.00 | / SKU 27103 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ Quantity Quantity Add to cartEarthquake HairStyles
Nathaniel Martin Stroman (born May 29, 1963), best known as "Earthquake", is an African-American actor, voice artist, and comedian..
source by :wikipedia
Below are the Earthquake HairStyles , hopefully its can become your inspiration.
Give us Comment if you think the HairStyles above can Inspire you...
Thank u .. ^_^, who has not seen the Wooster Group show.
Local
.
Goodman executive producer Roche Schulfer noted that the show is "virtually sold out."
Read more in the Sun-Times.
For more information on image at right, visit the Foundry Site.You won’t have tried slaw like this Asian slaw before. It’s lower fat too, as it’s nearly half mayonnaise and half Greek yogurt, which means it won’t weigh you down.. It’s worth giving a go and you’ll soon find this will become your go-to recipe!
Ingredients
-
Method
Mix the shredded cabbage, onion, carrot and Brussels sprouts in a bowl with the vinegar and a pinch of salt, and leave for at least 10 mins.
Mix the mayonnaise, yogurt, sesame oil and mirin rice wine until smooth.Toss with the vegetables when ready to serve and sprinkle with black sesame seeds.Best Website Builder in 2021
5 Best Website Builder Services
Disclosure: This content is reader-supported. If you click on my links, I may earn a commission. Read more...
When you start building a website, a website builder may be the best option for you. Website builders will be picked by DIYers type of people who would like to do every step their own or when you are on a low budget. It is also useful in case you don’t want to hire a web developer. Using a website builder is the fastest way to set up your website instantly. Please find 15 minutes of your time to go through this short comparison overview and I’m more than sure that you find something for your idea.
During my long career, I have been working with different website builders. A few platforms are also listed in this comparison chart. Two of the overviews have been made with the help of my tech community friends. I know that there are many similar comparison charts out there on the dark web, but the following has been created based on the real hands-on experience.
I have created many websites in my life and I would say that a good custom website could easily cost $3000 for you. In addition, you still have to pay a monthly subscription for website hosting. At some point, your requirements will change, and you again have to start looking for a developer to update your site and this doesn’t come for free. … or you do it yourself as many other DIYers.
I would like to be honest with you. When using a website builder, you can cut off at least half of the budget that would be needed when creating a custom website. The monthly cost is even less than 1% of the initial investment required when building a custom website. Besides, you don’t need a significant amount of money to pay for the web developers, and finally, all the security and system updates are included in the monthly payment. Though you may not get 100% of what you want, but you’ll get 99% what you need.
In addition, please remember that there is nothing for free, except for public transportation in some locations. You have to understand that every web service provider needs some funds to provide a secure and reliable system, pay taxes and so on. Even if they claim that something is for free, it is very limited and contains very basic features. Those plans are usually there to give you some insights about the service and that you can try yourself before making the final decision.
5 Best Website Builder Services
This top 5 chart includes reputation metrics for each website builder service provider. The more widely known and recognized a company (the higher the rank), the more likely they are to have bigger budgets and teams. On the other hand – this also usually means that many companies are getting gobbled up by large firms. Sometimes it may be that the special qualities defining a service get left behind in the process.
So, what is the best website builder service provider then? Let’s find out.
1. Wix Website Builder
Pros
- + Good Load Time
- + Stable Uptime
- + Free Plan and Domain (1 Year with Premium Plan)
- + 24/7 Phone Support and Ticket Submission
- + 500+ Templates
- + Mobile Friendly
- + Easy to Use Editor
- + Good SEO Support
- + 14-day Free Trial without Any Charge
- + Accredited Business
Cons
- – Limited Monthly Visits (Upgrade Possible)
- – Limited Cheap Plan (Ads Displayed, No Custom Domain)
- – Limited Storage
- – Website Load Speed
- – Complex Migration
- – Extra Cost for E-mail (Through Google Suite)
- – No Live Chat
Wix was founded in 2006 in Israel by 3 enthusiasts: Avishai Abrahami, Nadav Abrahami, and Giora Kaplan. Today their drag and drop website builder is one of the most popular HTML5 based website building tools on the market. Wix website builder is built on a freemium business model, earning its revenues through premium upgrades.
Wix ADI (Artificial Design Intelligence) is the best option for small business owners or work showcasing purposes to get online extremely fast. All you need is to answer a couple of questions and artificial intelligence will build a personalized website for you. You can complete your high-quality website with less than a week. Besides Wix Editor gives you total design freedom: you can customize layout, add different effects and animations, insert custom texts, and plug-in third-party applications. You can always add more features as you grow.
Remember that Wix is using a freemium based business model like app-in purchases in the game’s world. That means whenever you like to add some advanced features, you have to pay extra for it. On the other hand, you’ll get online fast and this is an advantage in a tight competition.
We all know that Wix had some performance issues before. Luckily Wix Turbo was released at the beginning of 2019 what is basically a bunch of technical changes to make sure sites load faster. When you subscribe now, Wix Turbo is enabled for your website by default. However, it doesn’t work for older websites and website owners have to migrate to the new technology manually. By the way, they’ve added 4 times more data centers around the world which is also a decent speed gain. Don’t add too many animations and large images to your website, it may slow down your website load.
Wix has seven different plans – four of them are for general websites and three for e-commerce. Although you can start for free, I recommend starting from the Combo plan ($13/mo) to get rid of annoying ads and connect your preferred domain. You can upgrade to the most popular Unlimited plan ($17/mo) any time when you need more bandwidth. Please be noted that large images and animations will eat your bandwidth also, so don’t. Good news for my European friends as Wix offers us a Connect Domain plan starting at €4.50/mo. You can take a closer look at all of the Wix Plans and Features.
Do I recommend Wix? Best choice for DIYers or when in a hurry and on a low budget.
2. WordPress.com Website Builder
Pros
- + Good Load Time
- + Sufficient Uptime
- + 200+ Responsive Themes
- + Mobile Apps for iOS and Android
- + Decent eCommerce Features
- + Mobile Friendly
- + Live Chat & Happiness Engineer Support
- + SEO Optimized
- + Google Analytics Integration
- + 30-day Money Back Guarantee!
- + Good Knowledge Base
- + Dedicated Security Team
Cons
- – Not Easily Customizable
- – Bigger Learning Curve
- – No Intuitive User Interface
WordPress.com was founded in 2005 in San Francisco by Matt Mullenweg. Automattic, the company behind this website builder service, is the author of many popular plugins in the WordPress world. The most known plugin here worth the mention is WooCommerce.
The biggest benefit of WordPress.com is the engine beneath the bonnet – WordPress, the most widely used website engine in the world. By the way, WordPress is powering over 35% of websites in the world. Hence WordPress.com has similarities with regular WordPress, more known as WordPress.org. Although the user interface looks a bit different, it is more modern and looks more like a standard website builder in its design. It has a much more streamlined and easy to use interface than regular WordPress. Though, not all the templates have drag and drop possibilities.
Unfortunately, the free domain is not included in many plans, hence you have to spend extra. In addition, all cheaper plans are very limited. For example, not all templates are included in all plans. Therefore, my suggestion is to start for free and upgrade for advanced customization, security, and SEO tools whenever necessary. Another option is to go through all the plans and features one-by-one and choose the best match for you.
What about blogging you ask? Well, as you may have already answered, blogging is best on WordPress. All the relevant features are already built-in like analytics, categories, archive, comments, social bookmarking, search features, and RSS feed. However, while WordPress.com is the star of the show when it comes to blogging, it falls down when you looking for an online business site and want a high level of customization. Of course, you can choose their Business plan for $300, billed annually. On the other hand, regular WordPress gives you much more flexibility but takes more effort to set up. For this purpose, I have made a comparison of the best WordPress hosting providers. It takes only 15 minutes to go through all the key points.
WordPress.com provides you the freedom where you don’t have to code, host or manage updates as this is all done for you. Although, it is not the best option for complete beginners as it requires some technical skills. In addition, you can add compatible third-party plugins and themes to help your site stand out. All WordPress.com sites are encrypted, and automatically installed with an SSL certificate. This means your site is safe and protected. They also run firewalls, monitor suspicious activity, run security testing, and even have a dedicated security team.
Although you can start for free, whenever you want your own domain name, a Personal plan of $5/mo is the minimum for you. You can take a closer look at all the WordPress.com plans, corresponding features, and pricing.
Do I recommend WordPress.com? Yes, if you stick to standard features, otherwise not for beginners.
3. GoDaddy Website Builder
CrunchBase rank 8K+
Start from $10/mo
Pros
- + Good Load Time
- + Decent Uptime
- + Imressive Templates
- + Responsive Design
- + Edit from Any Device
- + Perfect for e-Commerce
- + Amazon, eBay and Etsy Integration
- + Online Guides
- + 24/7 Chat and Call Support
- + 30-day Free Trial without Any Charge or Money Back Guarantee
Cons
- – Not Enough Control over the Design
- – Discounts for Longer Plans Only
GoDaddy Group was founded in 1997 in Baltimore by Bob Parsons. Though GoDaddy is known more as one of the largest web-hosting providers, they have also website builder product for us. When owning powerful server farms they can offer a scalable and stable website builder product.
GoDaddy website builder is an online website tool to create a website, regardless of your technical skill level. You can make your website as simple or complex as you’d like – just create an account, pick a design, and use the built-in editor to add your own elements. Start with a basic site and expand on it however you like. Play with 20+ theme filters to instantly change layouts, fonts, and colors, keep things private with password-protected pages, add easy contact forms, manage social media, the possibilities are almost limitless. You can take a closer look at all the features that GoDaddy Website Builder has for us.
Want to sell products online? No problem. You can add a full online store with product listings, reviews, order tracking, specific types of shipping, campaign tracking, multiple payment options, and all the other premium features with ease. Your store will be integrated into the website as a page and you don’t have to worry about your site’s security as this comes already protected with SSL. Great, because now you can spend all your time and energy on creating your e-commerce website.
One of the flagship technology that is included when committing with any plan of the website builder is the GoDaddy Insight™. It’s a technology system that provides tailored recommendations gleaned from insights across more than a million GoDaddy customers in different locations and industries. Since online presence is important to you, then GoDaddy InSight provides performance metrics and tailored advice to you on how to improve any aspect of SEO visibility and sales. GoDaddy InSight Score gives you an assessment of online health across your website, social media, and marketing activities.
Remember that you can try GoDaddy Website Builder 30-days before you commit and pick the plan that works best for you. When SEO is crucial, then the Standard plan ($15/mo) is the minimum choice for you. Otherwise, you can start with the Basic plan. You have to spend $25/mo when you would like to set up an online shop business. Though this is a very good offer for an online store website, the prices are only effective when billed annually. Please take a peek at their website about different plans and feature offers.
Do I recommend GoDaddy.com? Yes, when you have a serious plan of creating an online shop. The best alternative when creating an online store is Shopify.
4. SquareSpace.com
Pros
- + Good Load Time
- + Decent Uptime
- + Easy to Use
- + 200+ Templates
- + Free Domain (1 Year)
- + Free Logo Maker
- + Mobile Friendly
- + SEO Features for All Plans
- + No Limited Storage or Bandwidth
- + Update from Any Device
- + Customization Available (CSS & JavaScript)
- + AMP Support
- + Live Webinars
- + 24/7 E-mail and Live Chat Support
- + Online Guides
Cons
- – Discounts for Longer Plans Only
- – No Plugins Available
- – Extra Cost for E-mail (Through Google Suite)
- – Not Accredited Business
Squarespace was born in 2004 in Maryland, founded by Anthony Casalena. This website builder is known for its inspiring and beautiful templates.
Squarespace is easy to use and it’s getting better. In early 2020 Squarespace officially launched version 7.1. The biggest feature changes in this new version are the addition of sections and a huge overhaul of the template system. Additionally, Squarespace has also made changes to the interface— making it more explicit, which is nice. As already mentioned, in 7.1, templates have changed. Previously, some Squarespace templates had features that other templates did not have. Now all templates have access to the same features and design options.
In terms of an online shop, I have to point out a couple of main features Squarespace.com has for you. When you would like to sell subscription products, you can do it, but I don’t know of any other website builder that does. Squarespace lets you customize the email receipts sent to customers following a purchase. Email receipts are a great way to thank or upsell customers. You can insert product variations with unique prices and not only for physical products but you can even sell software license variations. At this point, I’m not going to mention that they support Apple Pay via Stripe integration. Although, I just mentioned it. In November 2019, Squarespace launched a Point of Sale system that integrates with Square’s credit card reader and Squarespace’s Commerce application.
More great news came in 2019 when Squarespace acquired Acuity Scheduling which adds scheduling to websites. Now there are automatic client reminders and clients can create, cancel and reschedule appointments. Recently they acquired Unfold, an app for creating beautiful Instagram stories. Expect to see them continue to launch more products that extend them from websites to online presence.
From the integration point of view of 3rd party services, Squarespace is not the cutting edge website builder, but at least has integrations with market leaders like Amazon, Mailchimp, Instagram, Apple Pay, Xero Accounting, and more. Therefore, they probably assess more quality partnerships than quantity.
What about pricing you ask? Squarespace is not the cheapest competitor on the market, but you’ll get the whole arsenal when subscribing to any of the plans. Personal starts at $12/mo and there are three plans for the total for businesses. You better think in advance whether you’d like to launch a small bakery or found a new successor of Amazon because Squarespace offers two separate plans for e-commerce businesses – Basic ($26/mo) and Advanced ($40/mo). Again, those prices are applicable only when billed annually. Please take a look at on their website about all the Squarespace’s plans and features in detail.
Do I recommend Squarespace.com? Yes, when you want to create inspiringly beautiful websites.
5. Site123.com
CrunchBase rank 100K+
Start Free
Pros
- + Sufficient Load Time
- + Average Uptime
- + Free Domain (1 Year)
- + 250+ Templates
- + Very Simple and Intuitive
- + 24/7 Live Support
- + Risk-free 14-days Money Back Guarantee
Cons
- – Limited Storage and Bandwidth
- – Discounts for Long Term Only
- – Limited E-mail Accounts
- – Basic Features
- – Not Accredited Business
Site123.com was founded in 2015 in Israel by Noam Alloush. Their website doesn’t have much information about the story and the technology behind it which means that those people are extremely vague about revealing the information. Though it’s a very young company, they should not be so suspicious.
On the other hand, Site123 includes a free plan to test out their website builder. Although it’s very limited, you’ll get the idea of how the builder tool works. If you need domain-specific e-mail accounts, you have to buy at least their Advanced plan. Otherwise, you can use e.g. Gmail or any other alternative. Go for a Professional plan when you have something to sell online. Basic plan pricing is good if you only need a simple, content-driven site or a small blog.
After trying out their Free plan of playing around with the user interface, I can say that I do recommend it only for relatively simple sites. They have a decent number of design template choices, fast speed, and a good user interface. However, the editor was a little lacking, though. The limitations on design also bleed over into technical limitations. For example, let’s look at simply editing SEO elements on a page. Even basic SEO needs more than that. Site123 does offer additional features through plugins and apps, but you’re fairly limited in how much you can integrate, or even edit within the tools provided.
One thing I can say for sure. Site123 is not the website builder to grow with, it’s just not built for complex sites yet. Therefore, it might be a good alternative vs. getting a custom site built out.
It turns out, after getting on the board, that they offer limited-time 40% off when you start for free. Otherwise, you can check on their website the features of the most popular plan. Also, when you take a 3-year Basic plan, the monthly cost will be $3.27/mo for you.
Do I recommend Site123.com? Yes, when you are running a cafeteria or a small boutique shop and you have simple requirements for marketing and payments.
SUMMARY
It was complicated to give an objective overview of the best website builder service providers, so I instead gave my subjective opinion about the best website builder.
As all the best website builder tools listed here seemed to be quite the same in their plans, you can’t go wrong with Wix. I believe that perfect drag and drop functionality, where you can see preview instantly, is crucial when you want to create a website fast. Besides, it’s good to know that Artificial Intelligence is helping you make the right decisions.
By the way, feedback and opinions about different website builder tools are very welcome in the comments section below.
Thanks for Reading and Good Luck on Your Journey! Need Some Help or Would Like to Ask Something about Current Content? Please Add a Comment 🙂MYOGENETIX PumpDrol 300g – Juicy Fruit Bubblegum
Product details
- Increase blood flow
- Helps in Weight Management
- Enhance the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to muscle tissue
Product description
What makes PUMPDROL so powerful? To start, PUMPDROL.
How to Use?
Take 1-2 scoops 30 minutes prior to physical activity with 8-12 oz. of water. You can also consume it by sipping it throughout during your workout.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.2012 SUNYCUAD Educational Conference
Most)
2012 Featured Presenters.
Breakout Sessions
Below is a list of just some of the sessions offered at the 2012 conference.
- How Games are Changing Life, the Web and Everything
- Analytics for a Better Experience
- Capital Campaigns: What’s New and Working Right Now
- I’m with the Brand: Creating a Rocking Cultural Experience Across Your School
- Planned Giving Techniques That Work for 2012
- I Learned Everything I Need to Know About Time Management by Playing Plants vs. Zombies
- Location-Based Services: Where Are We Going?
- Lead the Horse to Water, and Make Damn Sure it Drinks: How to Lead Successful & Transparent Projects
- Stop the Presses? Deciphering Digital Publications
- Stepping Outside SUNY: Lessons Learned on a Nationwide, 10-Campus Tour
- Getting There from Here: A Model to Develop Social Media and Digital Strategies to Increase Alumni Engagement
- Creating Your Tailor-Made Social Media Strategy
- Reel Deal: Online Video, It’s Time to Get Smart
- Social Media’s Secret Sauce, Students
- Lifetime Engagement Management: We Are All Alumni, All the Time
- Does Asking Still Matter?
- Asking in the Way that Suits You Best: Asking Styles and How to Use Them
- The Arc of the Ask: Shaping the Solicitation Conversation
- Events that Work as Hard for You, As You Do on Them!
- “Get Out Now” Part One: Asking Strategic Questions and Listening to the Answers
- “Get Out Now” Part Two: Strategy Development WorkshopIf Carrot Top and Marlon Wayans were to replace Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman in The Shawshank Redemption, it would not be as bad as the call made Wednesday night. If Daniel Snyder were to own the Washington Redskins forever, it would not be as bad as the call made Wednesday night. If soccer were to actually become popular in America, it would not be as bad as the call made Wednesday night. If Kim Jong Il were to use the United States Constitution as toilet paper, it would not be as bad … ok, that would actually be worse.“That was redonkulous!” commented fan Ben Conway PO ’10. “Redonkulous” seems to adequately describe what transpired at Haldeman Pool to mar what had been, up to that point, an exciting NCAA water polo game.The contest featured Pomona-Pitzer (3-0 in SCIAC) versus perennial power Redlands (2-1) in a regular season match-up with major playoff seeding implications.In order to fully understand what occurred in the 8-6 P-P loss and the context of what experts have dubbed “Watergate Part Deux,” we need to go back to the beginning. It was an unusually cold night for polo, as Halloween week spooked on. The teams looked even early, with neither defense relenting. Ryan Balikian PO ’11 got the scoring started with a powerful shot that hit the goalie’s hand but defied Newton’s first law of motion, and, despite being acted upon by an outside force, stayed in uniform motion.After the Bulldogs tied the score at 1-1 with 3:40 remaining in the first, the Sagehens were blessed with an ejection to bail out their ugly possession. The team instantly capitalized with David Lee PO ’10 finishing off a three-man game triggered by Ben Hadley PO ’11 and Jaron Moler PO ’12.The defense continued to play well and, despite back-to-back offensive penalties, took a 2-1 lead into the second period of play. While Redlands looked faster throughout the first quarter, the Sagehen defense stayed disciplined and in position.After Robbie Hayes PO ’10 drew an ejection at 6:02 in the second, P-P once again seized the opportunity as Cody Moore PO ’13 scored off a brilliant touch pass from Balikian to make the score 3-1 Sagehens.Following Redlands’ power play goal at 5:10, the game went back and forth with both teams giving the ball away and failing to utilize chances. The final shot of the half hit off the crossbar, bopped P-P goalie Kyle Pokorny PO ’12 on the head, and was not counted as one of his five saves of the night. Heading into the locker room, the cold weather was reflected in the scoring with the Sagehens leading 3-2.The chill had no bearing on the P-P defense as they continued their fiery play with field blocks and steals galore. Second half scoring was ignited at 4:55 when Hayes drew a 5-meter penalty shot that Hadley easily buried in the back of the cage for a 4-2 lead.With the defense playing well and a two-goal lead, momentum swung when an outside turnover resulted in a Mark Hudnall PO ’13 ejection. The subsequent 6-5 prompted a 4-0 run by Redlands that finally ended once Jason Cox PI ’12 scored on a breakaway pass from Hadley to draw the score to 5-6 Redlands with 4:55 remaining in the contest.Another Redlands goal pushed the deficit back up to 5-7. With 2:30 left, Balikian drew another 5-meter penalty and Hadley once again deposited the sphere for his second goal in twice as many quarters.Now recall earlier when I mentioned that something bad happened? Well get ready, ‘cause here it comes.With 1:50 left, a foul appeared to be called on Hudnall. The Redlands player he was guarding did not realize this and waltzed in unabated and put the ball in the goal. However, if the call was a foul, it was not a goal because it would be illegal to attack directly after the call. Thus, as a result of the supposed foul call, neither Hudnall, goalie Pokorny, nor anyone else tried to stop him.The goal appeared not to count, and the Sagehens took back possession of the ball. No goal was signalled. After the Sagehens did not score, and the subsequent Redlands attacked missed a shot wide, an excited crowd found a classic situation: 43 seconds, down one, two of the best teams in the conference. What more could we ask for?All those in attendance then witnessed the death of the innocence of sport. The referees got together at the behest of the Redlands coach and, after much deliberation, decided that they actually never called a foul. The Redlands goal would count, and the clock would be reset. New situation folks: 1:50, 6-8 Redlands, two of the worst refs in the world.WHAT?! Did that just … ? Can they do … ? What?“I’ve never seen that before,” said a dumb-founded coach Alex Rodriguez. “Didn’t think they could do that. They claimed they never called the foul, so that shot was actually live and Mark dropped off and let him shoot.”Never in my 21 years of sport-watching experience have I seen anything like this. Letting the teams play on and then putting more than one minute back on the clock and giving the other team a goal? It’s like they discovered the flux capacitor and decided to go back in time and change the past.Regardless of whether or not the initial call was correct (refs are human, they make mistakes) that should never, ever happen.The game ended with the same 6-8 score, as the Sagehens had both shots on their next two possessions blocked, and the fans left disgruntled, having had a fantastic finish snatched right out from under them.Rodriguez was quick to give Redlands credit for disrupting the P-P offense by “hustling and playing hard,” but it was clear his mind was still on the most astounding call this reporter has ever seen.Unlike the refs, the team must acknowledge what happened and move on. The Whittier Poets come to Haldeman for a game 11 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 31. Coach Rodriguez expects a “very physical game,” and a win will put the Sagehens into a three-way tie for first.At this point, the most important thing to remember is you can’t change the past, and a rematch with Redlands is in the team’s future.But just so we’re clear, if I had to have a Billy Ray Cyrus mullet for the rest of my life, it would not be as bad as the call made Wednesday night.
Watergate: P-P Falls 8-6 to Redlands After Referees Controversial Decision
Facebook CommentsMontana Pebbles, Cont’d….
After the post about the Montana beach pebbles that hitch-hiked back to RI under my van last winter I received a few funny comments and suggestions-
The best was from Eben Whitcomb, who suggested I plant them in some good potting soil and see if I can grow some dental floss…. Had to laugh at that one and no, it isn’t a joke about my lack of dental hygiene (I hope).
It is yet another reference to the Frank Zappa song “Montana.” Like much of Mr. Zappa’s oeuvre it is very serious and somber. This particular piece relates the narrative of a young man who (like many) dreams of moving to Montana, getting a small horse, planting a crop of dental floss, and making a fortune. While wearing tweezers as jewelry.
Of course you could be a snob and say to yourself “What a cliche’. That same story has been told a thousand times.”
But do yourself a favor, click the link and have a listen. Enjoy the interpretation, subtlety and majesty of one of Frank Zappa’s better known works, “Montana.”Product Description
Black hoodie by Superdry, crafted from pure cotton and featuring a drawstring hood and a smooth logo to the chest. Ribbed cuffs and an adjustable drawstring hemline with a split in one side seam. Finished with a logo tab at the hem.
100% Cotton
Model is 176cm/5’9.5" and wears a size UK 8.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet."I."
- Bill Shankly in 1975.
Gerry Byrne was tough as nails and shares a special place in Liverpool supporters' hearts. He has always been described as a fairly quiet person, who kept himself to himself. It was a true honour for LFChistory.net to interview this Liverpool legend. He proved to be quiet, but a very charming gentleman. He was wearing a nice suit, and sparkling diamond rings on his fingers, prompting his old mate, Ian Callaghan, to ask, 'Where are you going, Gerry?'
Ian Callaghan set up the interview with Gerry who was in town from Wales, where he resides. Gerry was going to meet with Callaghan, but arrived half an hour earlier than Callaghan to talk to LFChistory.net about his legendary Liverpool career.
Gerry wasn't very optimistic he would have a career in football as he had his difficulties when trying to break into league football.
When I was a young boy I played for Liverpool Schoolboys and Liverpool Catholic boys. The guy who ran the Liverpool Schoolboys was Mr Williams and no matter what I did he didn't like me. I never got a game. I got trialled and he put me as an outside left and I scored three goals. I still didn't get into the team.
I was fifteen then and was picked for the Liverpool Catholic Schoolboys who were playing in Dublin. I went over to Dublin where I got spotted by a guy called Tosh Moore, who always had a little cigarette [imitates Tosh, stands up, squinting his eyes and pretending he had a cigarette stub in his mouth] and he signed me on at Liverpool. I was two years as amateur and when I was 17 I signed professional. My first wages were 8 pounds and 12 pounds [laughs]. 8 pounds in the close season and 12 pounds in the season.
Gerry Byrne made his Liverpool debut vs. Charlton on the 28th September 1957 when he was nineteen. Liverpool got beaten 5-1 and it was a personal disaster for the young full-back as he scored an own goal.
I wish the ground would swallow me up when you score a goal like that. I just passed it back to Tommy Lawrence and he wasn't there. I got terrible abuse from the crowd.
Byrne didn't get a second chance until a year later, and then four months passed before he made his third appearance.
I wasn't playing in the first team when Shankly arrived. I was on the transfer list, to be honest. When Shankly came everything changed. I got into the team at right-back. Ronnie Moran was at left-back and when he retired, or nearly retired I took his place. Chris [Lawler] came in then at right-back.
In Byrne's fourth game for Shankly's Liverpool on 18th April 1960 vs. Rotherham it was clear he had made an impression on the sportswriter for the News Chronicle and Daily Dispatch along with his close mate, Callaghan: The headline read: Liverpool new boys star turns.
"Four points out of four, seven goals for, not a goal against, is sufficient to satisfy any club during Easter, yet the most satisfying feature of this one-sided game was the proof that manager Bill Shankly has made two master moves. Local boy Gerry Byrne, at right back, again proved himself as a scientific defender of the Cresswell type, and latest sensation Ian Callaghan, 17-year-old, has solved the outside-right problem."
You were quiet off the field, but it was a different story on the field. You were a menacing player.
Oh, yes, I cut my hair short, trying to look tough.
"
Even though he had little to say he wouldn’t be pushed around on the field.
If he got hit he wouldn’t forget the bloke that hit him and would soon be after him." - Bob Paisley
Tommy Smith got to know the tough side of Gerry Byrne very early into his Liverpool career:
From Tommy Smith's interview on shankly.com: '."
You seemed pretty uncompromising
I got Smithy back. Shankly said to him: 'Don't nutmeg Gerry Byrne.' Bobby Charlton used to have a black book where he put their names down who he was going to get later..
You were described by Bob Paisley as: ."
I was quiet, I never spoke up very often.
Do you see yourself in some player today?
They can't tackle. They give a foul, don't they? There are more foreign players than homegrown players at the moment. Where are the home-grown players? There is only like Jamie Carragher and Steven Gerrard.Clean laundry and peace of mind delivered in
Queens
Don’t let your chores define who
you are
Wherever you are in Queens, you can now book a
same-day collection with free next-day delivery.
choose a service that fits your needs
We take care of your laundry for you
Never worry about staining your favourite shirt. We offer a variety of services in Queens love using this service. I'm a big fan of their driver tracking app showing me the driver's approach and minutes to their arrival which enables us to do a quick handover of collection and delivery in a busy area of Queens where it's difficult to park. Recommended.
Andrew
So useful as I was caring for my daughter just out of hospital . I needed the space and time to do that and laundry heap were able to sort that . All pieces returned soft and fresh and 24 hour turn around was excellent .
Eileen
Love this service - use in Queens - on time and great customer service.
LW
> Queens
Is your laundry piling up? Book your Queens Laundryheap service today for fresh clothing tomorrow. Laundryheap is a convenient, online, on-demand laundry and dry cleaning service, operational across Queens. With a 24-hour turnaround time and same-day collection options available, you can book your Laundryheap order today and have clean clothing ready to wear tomorrow. Doing laundry has never been easier.
Queens.[dropcap color=”#008040″ boxed=”yes” boxed_radius=”8px” class=”” id=””]N[/dropcap]ew Delhi’s strategic partnership with Moscow will help boost defence manufacturing in India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday.
“We have laid the foundation of the future character of this strategic partnership,” Modi said at a joint press conference here with Russian President Vladimir Putin after the annual summit-level meeting between the two sides that saw 16 agreements being signed, including manufacturing of Kamov 226 helicopters and Russian-designed nuclear reactors in India.
.”
Modi said cooperation between the two countries in nuclear energy was increasing.
“We are making progress on our plans for twelve Russian nuclear reactors at two sites. The agreement today will increase Indian manufacturing content in these reactors. It supports my mission of Make in India,” he said.
Modi said that with one of the world’s largest reserves of hydrocarbons, Russia can be a critical source of energy security for India.
“With President Putin’s support, we are enlarging Indian investments in the Russian hydrocarbon sector,” he,” Modi stated.
He also said he and Putin “have a high degree of convergence in our positions on global issues and a strong commitment to deepen our international cooperation”.
“We have strong collaboration in the United Nations. Our membership of BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa), East Asia Summit, G20 and now Shanghai Cooperation Organisation gives our partnership a global character,” the prime minister said.
He called for unity among nations to fight the global scourge of terror.
“We are one in our belief that the world must unite and take concerted action on combating terrorism, without distinction and discrimination between terrorist groups and target countries,” he said.
“We agree that an early political settlement through dialogue in West Asia is essential for restoring stability and containing extremism in the region.”
Modi started his speech by expressing his deepest condolences on the loss of lives in the terrorist attack on a civilian Russian aircraft in Egypt and in the downing of a military jet in Syria.
He concluded by saying that he looked forward to Putin’s visit to India next year for the BRICS Summit as well as the annual summit.
ZippyPaws Pinata?
The ZippyPaws Pinata Burrow Dog Toy is an interactive toy to keep dogs busy and engaged.
1 Piñata burrow (28 x 23 x 9 cm) and 3 squeaky candies.
_ _ _
Burrows are not chew toys and should be removed immediately should you dog dog start to chomp down on them. Like any dog toy this one should be played under parent supervision.Steve Gordon & Paul Meyer: The Reflex Blue Show #194
Steve Gordon and Paul Meyer stop by The Reflex Blue Show to talk about the current things going on in the design world.
We recorded this a day or two after Apple’s announcements of a new phone line – and a big advancement in their watch technology. I know I’ll eventually end up with a new iPhone at sometime…but who knows when that’ll be, as I’m pretty set on just riding my phone out until it decides it’s time. I do look forward to Steve sending me hourly memos from his watch – just to let me know he got the new one though…
We also cover trends (note: you NEED a #HVYCRWN fanny pack – make this happen).
And a large chunk of time is of us trying to remember if the Apple IIE had an optional color monitor. I WAS RIGHT! Steve check this – someone playing Oregon Trail on a color monitor. And the IIE was nothing, if not a way to play Oregon Trail. I can feel the dysentery coming on now, and it’s not good.
Enjoy.
Podcast: Play in new window | Download/cdn.vox-cdn.com/photo_images/7304777/145937390.jpg)
This whole postseason has been like the end of some epic New Years party. You know that you'll have to head home soon but you don't want the fun to end because it has been such a great time so far and there's still that chance for it to be "legen-...wait for it ...DARY!"
Even though this season has had its ups and downs, it has been memorable and exhilarating at the same time. Yet I still don't feel satisfied. There's so much more that I want from this season and this team. Imagine how much fun one more Finals would be. Think of the storylines with Perkins and all that. There's just so much potential here. But the flip side is that it could all end just like that.
Personally I feel like I've mentally prepared for The End so many times in the last 3 years that I don't really have to anymore. Like a newspaper that already has a person's epitaph written before they actually die so they can run it quickly. Sorry if that sounded more morbid than it should have. Clearly the rumors of the Celtics demise have been greatly and repeatedly exaggerated. They will not go quietly.
They will, of course, need to defeat the Heat to keep on not going quietly. What can you do but tip your cap to LeBron after his game 6 performance. Sometimes a guy just gets in an incredible groove. He's not likely to go very quietly himself. In fact, I'm pretty sure we can count on close to 30 points from him. 20 or so from Wade wouldn't be a surprise either (double teamed or not). Zach Lowe points out that the Heat have an insanely good plus/minus when Wade and James are on the court together and really bad when one of them takes a seat. So in a game 7 situation it would make sense to see LeBron play most of the game and for Wade to only take the occasional seat.
Which brings us back to the Celtics and their famous small margin of error. Everything has to break right for this team to win, and for 3 straight games it largely did - which kind of spoiled us a bit. Game 6 was another painful reminder that this team needs midrange shots to fall because that's largely their offense. Pierce, Bass, Garnett, and even Rondo and Ray rely heavily on what some consider to be the worst shot you can take. Can the Celtics ride defense and mid range shooting to a title? Well, it has never been all that likely, but if any team can it is this one.
Watching those jumpers go up is not unlike watching each game. You've seen them hit them so often that you expect them to go in as we expect this team to win. Yet you've seen them bounce off the rim enough times to not be surprised when things don't go well. A quarter of a degree to the left and a swish turns into a clang. A few plays here or there and a win becomes a loss. Small margin of error.
But that's part of the fun I guess. It wouldn't be worth being passionate about if it was easy. It wouldn't quicken our hearts if it was predictable. It could all end in a heartbeat, but it might not. It has already been a wonderful ride, but it might just turn into something legendary.We for more from the creative team.
More from the photographer, Michelle Boyd:
“As 2015 came around I began to wonder how I could dig deeper into photography and start capturing things with a keener, more sincere eye. I met Ginny Au last year at Erich McVey’s workshop and knew minutes into chatting with her that she saw things differently, and when I found out she offered one-on-one workshops for photographers, I didn’t even hesitate. I can say with all my heart it was the best thing I could have ever done–not only for my business, but even more so for my art.
Ginny has the incredible ability to look at you, your work, and your goals, and tell you exactly what needs to come next. She covered so much, from business strategy, refining my brand, how to direct a couple, and everything in between. She helped me understand the importance of authenticity when I’m shooting, and how to translate it across my entire body of work. She especially helped me to finally understand how to find a softness and strength that I’ve been striving to produce within my photography.
For our inspiration shoot, Ginny pulled the soft, delicate, and organic natures of both our florals and model and effortlessly paired them with a clean and modern kimono-styled gown for our bride. With natural makeup and a minimal hairstyle we were able to focus on the simplicity of the gown, our surroundings, and the delicate details throughout the shoot. The soft floral color palette included café au lait, cream, and deep burgundy, and was a perfect way to marry the softness of our bride with the strength of the forest.”
Photography: Michelle Boyd | Styling: Ginny Au | Ribbon: Frou Frou Chic | Flowers: Mary McLeod of Amy Osaba Events | Paper: Script Merchant/ Kaela RawsonWhen did infrastructure become partisan?
“There are risks and costs to a program of action, but they are far less than the long-range risks and costs of comfortable inaction.” President Kennedy’s words ring true today.
We still have an opportunity to move Delaware forward in fixing our infrastructure. We need to fix our roads and bridges to promote economic growth. We need clean waterways for our citizens and the tourists who add to our economy. Infrastructure spending is the biggest multiplier in creating new jobs, good paying jobs that are still lacking in this economic recovery.
Maryland and Pennsylvania moved in the right direction. Delaware must join them if we are to compete in this region. Delaware Senate Republicans voted down the modest proposal to provide critical funding for our state’s infrastructure. A proposal to increase DMV fees. Fees that reflect the true fee for service nature of these charges. Where are the calls for efficient government and running things like a business when we are undercharging for these services? Don’t Republicans drive on our roads and bridges or have businesses that rely on people getting safely to work. This used to be a bipartisan issue; when did people’s safety and business needs become pawns in political gamesmanship? Yes, Democrats and Republicans dropped the ball last year; we should have raised the gas tax then.
Gas prices are a dollar lower than this time last year. Even with the increase, prices would be ninety cents lower than last year. We would be fixing roads. And, people would be working at good paying jobs. The Republican leadership claims that the Democrats could have used their supermajority last year to pass the funding increase we need. Does anyone doubt, though, that they would have been first in line with spending requests while berating the Democrats for raising taxes?
The Republican leadership insists on moving operating expenses out of the transportation trust fund and into the general fund as part of a deal to support needed revenue. I agree we need to move these costs, and even argued for this last year. But don’t say we should move these expenses without saying how we should cover the shortfall in the general fund. And don’t delay by saying we need a tenfold increase in the threshold for prevailing wage jobs. A reasonable increase might be prudent but don’t believe the claim of massive savings when we know that the cost of labor is not the largest driver on these jobs. We have a shrinking middle class and new jobs coming here are not close to paying what the old jobs did. We must not weaken one of the few remaining well-paying jobs and gut the middle class even more.
I am especially frustrated with my senator, Cathy Cloutier. She should be standing up for the working families in our district but she ignored them when she voted no on updating DMV fees. She has seen the result of last year’s inaction and chooses to kick the can down the road again anyway. It will probably end up in a pothole. The House passed the bill and it died in the Senate. Cathy keeps saying she supports working families. It’s time for her to show it. I encourage everyone to call Senator Cloutier and her colleagues ask them to do their job – recall and vote yes for HB 140.
Dennis E Williams, a Democrat and a resident of Brandywine Hundred, is a former member of the Delaware House of Representatives.Download Lalbagh Movie In Telugu: After Drushyam, Lalbag is a secret thrill ride movie composed and coordinated by Prashant Murali Padmanabhan. Mamta Mohandas will star in the movie ‘Nursery City of Sins’..
Lalbagh Movie Download iBomma Telegram Link JioRockers Movierulz 123Mkv.
Lalbagh movie cast
Lalbagh Movie Story
Tom (Sijoy Varghese) and Sarah (Mamta Mohandas) are a happy couple. Tom, who was resting after their girl’s birthday, never wakes up. The posthumous discovered that the food contained poison. While the initial idea was to be self-destruct, DCP Support (Rahul Dev Shetty) is investigating doubts about murder. By the end of the party, only Tom and Sarah’s precious companions were left.
Lalbagh Movie Download 480p Leaked On Movierulz iBomma
The plot of the movie was to set up an extraordinary secret backbone cooler. The secret of the police investigation presents important parts and discoveries in Kannada. Since the story is set in Bangalore, it is anything but a smart idea for Kannada characters to communicate in Malayalam. However, it may have a caption, reminiscent of the Malayalam movie. The important discoveries of the case are then not recognized by the crowd. Especially conversations with DCP specialists.
In addition to the language, the show also pulls the film in reverse. The story is told in an account design. This destroys the thrill ride experience the public would have had. Instead, the narrative feel is given through numerous scenes. The anticipation component that the audience can understand in the first few moments is extended to the very end to show the thought process of the murder.
Lalbagh Movie Download Movierulz
Mamta and Sijoy Varghese are also stunned by the exhibition. Melo Show is perhaps the most famous scene and performance.
Neha Saxena and VK Prakash have, in small jobs, performed impeccably in their small screen space. The cinematography of the film is by Anthony Joe. The most important part of the scenes is in, and Anthony Joe beats the small space requirements with his true grandeur. The plot for the short film, which is not exactly drawn out, was brought to 90 minutes. However, the film finds out how to involve him as enlightened.
Download
Is It Safe To Download Lalbagh Movie On Illegal Websites?
That’s not it. We do not recommend downloading any movies dangerous to steal your data through their links. We strongly recommend that you do not use or promote these types of sites and do not download or broadcast any content from these websites. Instead, we recommend using the recommended OTT platform or theater to watch movies/web series.
Stay Tuned with techkashif.in for more Entertainment news.Free chat with monicabaley
Toy jasmin livejasmine monicabaley. Free chat with monicabaley
Im a very friendly and horney sweet girl who wants to make you feel like you never felt before. Let's spend some time together and let me give you unforgetable moments!
Words and photos by Duane Clawson
Photos of the show are below:
Eyehategod
Contributed by Duane Clawson
Just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, there is a sleepy little town named Sauget. Wikipedia has this to say about Sauget: “The Village of Sauget also has a very tolerant attitude toward small business. Many strip clubs exist in this zone of free enterprise.” Sounds like the perfect place for a Black Label Society New Year’s Eve Bash. Just coming off a holiday break, Zakk Wylde and company made Sauget their fourth stop, on an extensive tour that will have the band playing almost nonstop until the middle of April. Black Label Society is supporting their latest effort, Grimmest Hits.
The sweaty, eastside rock club was sparsely populated for the opener, Eyehategod, a grungy metal quintet from New Orleans. The single digit temperatures may have kept people home until the last possible minute. Anywho, the boys from NOLA did an admirable job of warming up the room, despite some technical difficulties. Slowly but surely, the Sauget, IL chapter of the Black Label Society began filling up the room, just in time to catch a good portion of Corrosion of Conformity’s tight set. Corrosion will be supporting Black Label Society on a majority of this tour and promoting their newest project, No Cross No Crown, due out in the middle of January 2018.
The feeling that you were going to witness something powerful, almost spiritual, was overtaking the room, as the Black Label Society banner was raised to the rafters. Through the banner you could see the faint bustle of last minute stage prep, adding to the excitement. A mashup of Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath blasting through the PA ushers the banner drop, and a sonic blast that is Black Label Society! As many may know, I’m a huge fan of Zakk Wylde and the magical work he does on guitar, few can match his speed and dexterity. So, from time to time I need to pinch myself to snap out of my fan trance and remember I’m here to do a job for MTC MAG!
To refresh your memories, Wylde was Ozzy Osbourne’s lead guitarist for twenty-plus years. Taking a 10-year sabbatical from Osbourne’s band, Wylde found no shortage of work. Guest appearances on albums with various bands, solo projects, and the formation of Wylde Audio, have kept the axe-master very busy. In 2017, Ozzy announced Zakk would be rejoining him for some summer tour dates. Good call Ozzy! This being my sixth time seeing the nimble-fingered fretmaster, I’ve gotta say he is definitely in the zone with Black Label. Now that we’re all caught up let’s get back in the now.
From the opening notes of, “Genocide Junkies” to the closing notes of “Stillborn”, Black Label remains one of the cleanest, loud bands you will ever hear. Wylde has always claimed that the members of the band are free to come and go as they please but this current incarnation of John (JD) DeServio (bass), Jeff Fabb (drums), and Dario Lorina (guitar) has been intact since 2014 and their cohesiveness shines throughout the 80-minute set.
Since it’s release in 2005, the song “In This River”, which features Wylde’s skills on the piano, has remined a constant in the Black Label setlist. This song has been a nightly tribute to “Dimebag” Darrell Abbott, Zakk’s friend and fellow shredmaster, who was killed in 2004. Tonight, as always, the song is a huge crowd favorite! But an even bigger crowd favorite was about to happen, the customary guitar solo sending 2017 off in a big way! During the song “Fire it Up”, Wylde left the stage to wander amongst the fired-up Pop’s audience. A guitar wizardry marathon ensued, clocking in at close to nine minutes. And the best part, he performed most it just a few feet away from me, in the balcony of Pop’s! A Happy New Year indeed! Thanks to Black Label Society for allowing MTC MAG in the house and thanks to Pop’s for your hospitality!
Photos of the show are below:
Eyehategod
Contributed by Duane Clawson
Black Label Society / Corrosion of Conformity / Eyehategod @ Pop's, Sauget, IL
Reviewed by Scott Rowe, Editor
on
12:00:00 PM
Rating:
Register for our upcoming events!
- 29MonNovDrop in and Play!/Family Resource Center Inc.
- 30TueNovTuesday Eau Claire Playgroup/Eau Claire
- 30TueNovTeen Discussion Group: Reducing Family Conflict/Zoom
- 01WedDecAugusta - Wednesdays Playgroup/Augusta
- 01WedDecWednesday Eau Claire Playgroup/Eau Claire
- 02ThuDecThursday Eau Claire Playgroup/Eau Claire
- 02ThuDecFairchild - Thursday Playgroup/Fairchild Library
- 03FriDecAltoona - Friday Playgroup/Altoona Library - Library Community Room
- 07TueDecFall Creek - Tuesday Playgroup/Fall Creek Community Center
- 13MonDecCoping with Stress: A Triple P Informed Workshop/Zoom
- 07FriJanDealing with Disobedience/Zoom
- 11TueJanIndoor Trike Ride!/Eau Claire
- 13ThuJanManaging Fighting and Aggression - Discussion Group/Zoom
- 18TueJanFamily Transitions - (for divorcing or separated parents)/ZoomJan 18, 2022, 6:30 PM – 8:30 PMZoomYou’re divorced or separated. Your child is caught in the middle. You may have problems with your extended family, your new partner or your ex. And you’re worried about the impact this is all having on your child’s behavior and emotions. If this sounds familiar, Family Transitions Triple P can help
- 18TueJanThe Power of Positive Parenting - Seminar Series/Virtual Seminar via Zoom
- 25TueJanRaising Confident, Competent Children - Seminar Series/Virtual Seminar - Zoom
- 01TueFebRaising Resilient Children -Seminar Series/Virtual Seminar - ZoomFeb 01, 2022, 7:00 PM – 8:00 PMVirtual Seminar - ZoomChildren's emotional resilience, or ability to cope with their feelings, is important to their long-term happiness, wellbeing, and success in life. Attend all 3 of our Seminars and be entered to receive a $25 Panera gift card. Bring a partner/spouse/friend to join with you will both be entered!
- 08TueFebBedtime: Developing Good Routines - Discussion Group/ZoomWelcome to our third and final installment of the NBS Fitness Guide to Supplements. In Part 1 we discussed the importance of protein and the different types and qualities available. In Part 2 we discussed the importance of a peri workout protocol. We are going to finish this series off with talk about products that can help improve your health and well being. While most lifters are quick to jump on the latest and greatest supplements to improve training, few put as much emphasis on their health as they should. This article will go over multi vitamins, fish oil, sleep aids, and nootropics and adaptagens. I’ve listed them in order of importance based off my own personal beliefs. Take a look and learn what you can take to feel better, recover better, and be healthier:
Multi Vitamin
As unsexy as the idea of micronutrients (vitamins and minerals) are to people who are wanting to be swole and tan, the truth of the matter is that they play a vital role in your every day functions. Vitamin deficiencies can not only slow your progress but they can also significantly impact your health and well being. That is where a multi vitamin comes in. It ensures you’re getting a decent dose of all the essential vitamins that you need to survive and thrive. Now this doesn’t mean that all you need to do is take a multi vitamin and nothing else matter. It’s still important to eat a balanced, healthy diet that is rich in nutrients and there are still instances in which you still may need to supplement something, like the next supplement on our list. I recommend that males use M Factor Hero from 1st Phorm and that females use Prenatal Plus or M Factor Goddess
Vitamin D
It is estimated that three quarters (75%) of Americans are deficient in Vitamin D. Vitamin D plays a major role in the development and growth of bones and has been linked to numerous other functions in the human body. Primarily we get our vitamin D from being in the sun but due to spending an increasing amount of time indoors and utilizing sun screen, many people need to supplement with it. I personally, have had to use as much as 15,000 ius to get my Vitamin D up to appropriate levels. I’m not suggesting you start with that but I definitely recommend that people get their levels checked and supplement with Vitamin D3 if necessary.
Omega 3’s
Supplementing Omega 3 fatty acids has been shown to have a major effect on lowering inflammation in the body. This helps improve blood pressure, lower triglycerides and cholesterol level, increase HDL cholesterol, and has been shown to have a positive impact on everything from brain function to insulin sensitivity. It’s important that you choose a fish oil product that has a sufficient amount of EPA and DHA and comes from a quality source. I recommend using Full Mega from 1st Phorm.
Sleep Aid
Around half of all Americans report sleep issues. Whether its from stress, schedule, or other factors, the fact is that most Americans are not getting the sleep they need to live healthy, vibrant lives. For those who train, lack of sleep can lead to under recovery and a host of issues from decreases in performance and even an increased likelihood of injury. There are three suppleme
nts that I have found to be amazing at helping improve sleep quality. Zinc and magnesium are essential nutrients that play major roles in circadian rhythms. They also just so happen to be a common deficiency in many. ZMA has been a proven supplement over the last decade for ensuring proper amounts of zinc and magnesium are attained. Melatonin is a hormone in the body that increase with a decrease in daylight and which signals the body to prepare for sleep. Being constantly surrounded by bright lights can have a negative impact on this production so supplementing melatonin can help make you a little more sleep and ready for bed. Valerian root is another supplement that can cause drowsiness and make you want to close your bed and head off into dream land. I have the combination of these three supplements make getting a restful night of sleep easy and consistent. I haven’t had a single night with any sleep issues since I started taking them. The best part is that all three supplements plus some others can be found in Night T by 1st Phorm.
Nootropics and Adaptogens
Nootropics are supplements that help increase cognitive function in areas such as memory, creativity and motivation. They can increase feelings of well being too. Adaptogens help your body adapt to stress better. Some different nootropics and adaptogens include ginseng, Bacopa Monnieri Extract, caffeine, Rhodiola Rosea Extract, Ashwagandha Root Powder, GABA, 5 HTP, and Alpha GPC. Now I realize that’s a lot of different supplements to try and take. Luckily for you they can all be found in Master Brain AM and PM by 1st Phorm.
If you’re serious about your health and want to ensure you’re getting the best results possible, you have to take care of body. That includes training intelligently, have a good nutrition plan, and taking the necessary supplements to support them both. While health supplements might not bring the same attention as performance enhancing supplements, I promise they are worth the investment. Give them a shot and see what you think.Milwaukee 49-90-2015 Foam Wet Cassette Filter
$19.4949-90-2015
Free Shipping
Our Foam Wet Filter is optimized for wet pickup applications. The foam material allows water through but deflects and stops debris from getting into the motor. This protects the motor from debris and increases the tool's life. This washable vacuum filter is reusable and compatible with MILWAUKEE wet/dry vacuums 0880-20, 0960-20, and 0970-20
- Compatible with Milwaukee 0880-20, 0960-20, 0970-20
- Optimized for wet debris clean-up
- Reusable after cleaning
- Protects motor from debris
- Deflects and stops debris from going into the motor during wet pickup applications
- Dry cleanable and washable
- Easy twist and lock installation
- Increases tool life
- HEPA Filter: No
- Washable Filter: Yes
- Color / Finish: Red/Black
- Hypoallergenic: No
- Vacuum Attachable: Yes
- Material: Plastic/Foam
- UPC: 045242568123
- Global Trade Number (GTIN): 00045242568123
- Product Type: Vacuum FilterSoothing Conditioning Mist is a light, alcohol-free mist that tones, conditions, and soothes the skin. Formulated with a light, refreshing fragrance it leaves skin feeling soft and refreshed.
KEY INGREDIENTS: Aloe, Azulene, Bisabolol, Matricaria Extract, Beta-Glucaderm-P (D-Glucan)
INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE: Spray mist onto face and neck. Multiple uses: spray over the face before daily skincare to moisturize and relax the skin, mist the face after applying makeup to ensure hold and refresh the skin when needed at any time of day.
SIZE: 6 OZ
Soothing Conditioning Mist
$20.00PriceAt Imagination we want to insure the franchisee is an informed franchise owner. As the franchisor we know that we are going to develop and become better as our system evolves. We want the franchisees to help in that development and insure that they educate Imagination on what areas can be improved on to make their job more effective and efficient. Here are some books that we believe can help both Imagination and the franchisees become more successful in the future.
The insider's guide to buying, owning and operatingz
.
"At the International Franchise Association, we were privy to all the fine books on franchising. What's truly unique about Street Smart Franchising is the carefully crafted treatment of how emotions and behavior influence success. It's another must read for any prospective franchisee--good stuff for folks who have been in the business a while too." -- Matt Shay, past president, International Franchise Association
Joe Mathews has held management roles with such national chains as Subway, Blimpie, Motophoto and the Entrepreneur's Source. Don DeBolt is a former president of the International Franchise Association. Deb Percival works in franchise development.
A Complete Guide to All Aspects of Buying, Selling or Investing in a Franchise
This book is a great resource for both prospective franchises and franchisors as it explains in detail what the franchise system entails and the precise benefits it offers to both parties.
(Franchise Bible: How to Buy a Franchise or Franchise Your Own Business)
The go-to book for franchise information, now in its sixth editionThis How-To Book for Choosing a Winning Franchise
There is nothing more expensive than ignorance -- let The Educated Franchisee serve as your guide for selecting a franchise that meets your needs!
The Educated Franchisee will show you:
Guide to Selecting, Buying & Owning a Franchise.The Ministry of Industry and Trade (MoIT) has requested relevant stakeholders to prioritise the use of domestic oil and gas products as Vietnam’s oil refineries are facing a risk of halting due to high inventories during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Ministry of Industry and Trade (MoIT) has proposed the Government to allow petrol and oil businesses to transfer stakes to foreign investors, but not exceeding 35 per cent.Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
- Died:
- February 15, 1939 (aged 60) St. Petersburg Russia
- Notable Works:
- “Bathing the Red Horse” “The Year 1918 in Petrograd”
Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin, in full Kuzma Sergeyevich Petrov-Vodkin, (born October 24 [November 5, New Style], 1878, Khvalynsk, Saratov oblast, Russian Empire—died February 15, 1939, Leningrad, Russia, U.S.S.R. [now St. Petersburg, Russia]), Russian painter who combined many traditions of world art in his work and created an original language in painting that was both deeply individual and national in spirit.
Petrov-Vodkin’s birthplace was a small town on the banks of the Volga River, where he was born into the family of an impoverished cobbler. He spent his youth there, living in harsh conditions reminiscent of those described by Maxim Gorky in My Universities. But his talent overcame his provincial surroundings, and his determination to be an artist led him first to art classes in Samara (1893–95) and then to the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture (1897–1904), where he studied with painter Valentin Serov.
In the years between 1901 and 1907, Petrov-Vodkin traveled extensively in France, Italy, Greece, and North Africa. He was drawn to literature and philosophy and studied world art. During this period his allegorical compositions were derivative and permeated with the influence of European Symbolism, his originality overpowered by the aesthetics of Art Nouveau. Yet soon Petrov-Vodkin developed his own style, one that was harmoniously imbued with light. His monumental compositions were reminiscent of old Russian frescos, which were a source of inspiration to him. These are bright, rhythmically complete, and balanced. In 1912, at the exhibition of the World of Art Group, he presented his painting Bathing the Red Horse (1912), which immediately became famous. His peers saw it on one hand as being “a hymn to Apollo” and on the other as a presaging of a future cataclysm and renewal of the world. (World War I was to break out in two years, the Russian Revolution in five.)
A belief in the importance of humanism, the power of the human spirit, and the triumph of good over evil fueled the enthusiasm with which Petrov-Vodkin greeted the October Revolution in 1917. In his celebrated painting The Year 1918 in Petrograd, also known as the Petrograd Madonna (1920), the events of the revolution are treated as bloodless and humanitarian, as if they were somehow abstract. This form of idealization was characteristic of the mature works of Petrov-Vodkin, and it is evident in his portrait of the noted poet Anna Akhmatova (1922) as well as in that of Vladimir Lenin (1934). One of the more unusual aspects of Petrov-Vodkin’s style was his use of spherical perspective (comparable to a fish-eye lens), a technique in which he was a preeminent master.
Learn More in these related Britannica articles:
-…
- Maxim Gorky
Maxim Gorky, Russian short-story writer and novelist who first attracted attention with his naturalistic and sympathetic stories of tramps and social outcasts and later wrote other stories,…
- Valentin Aleksandrovich Serov
Valentin Aleksandrovich Serov, Russian artist whose works reflect a turning point in the style and weltanschauung of Russian art in the late 19th and early 20th centuries as well as the shift from…Monday 15th July at 7pm St Petrock's Church, Timberscombe Reverend J.P. Martin, Author of the 'Uncle' books, illustrated by Quentin Blake An Illustrated lecture by his Grandson, Mr James Currey
Month: June 2019
Bike Ride in the Village Tomorrow
I expect a number of you have seen the signs that indicate that there will be a bike ride through the village. The ENP website states there is such a bike ride on Exmoor on Sunday 30th June but gives no details of numbers, route or times. So this email is just a heads up for … Continue reading Bike Ride in the Village Tomorrow
Quarry Mystery Solved
If, like me, you have been intrigued by the latest traffic signs and activity at the quarry, read on. I had a chat with a couple of the workers yesterday and they told me they are erecting a Police Airwaves communications mast. It will be be on the hill behind the quarry, out of sight … Continue reading Quarry Mystery Solved
Monday Night is Film Night – Stan and Ollie (July 1st)
M.
Save Porlock Fire Station
Por … Continue reading Save Porlock Fire Station
St Margaret’s Hospice News
The … Continue reading St Margaret’s Hospice News
Photography Club – Tuesday 9th July
Our … Continue reading Photography Club – Tuesday 9th July
Somerset Waste Partnership Update
Here is the latest update from your local waste and recycling team, including encouraging figures on recycling rates, and advice on the disposal of barbecue ashes: SWP Update June 2019
Thanks to All
Very
Villagers Be Aware
We have just had a man putting out flyers in Lower Town (Thursday afternoon). He was very loud and we felt uncomfortable with his mannerisms and comments when we spoke to him. He got into a red Mercedes with two other men. It may be legitimate, but it didn’t feel like it. Janet and Mark … Continue reading Villagers Be AwareBy Andrew Bagala
The United Kingdom has warned that terrorists could carry out an attack in Uganda.
In a statement, the UK government calls on their nationals to be extremely vigilant about their security especially in crowded and public places like hotels, transport hubs, restaurants and bars and during sporting events or gatherings.
However police spokesperson Fred Enanga has said there is no need to elevate the threat levels.
He however confirms that there are sleeper cells already in the country adding efforts to dismantle them are ongoing.
Although the UK did not mention which terrorist group is behind the threat, Uganda security agencies recently accused the Allied Democratic Forces, ADF, rebels of attempting to carry out terror attacks.
Last week, security agents shot dead a suspected ADF rebel, 25 year old Hamid Nsubuga in Kampala.
He was allegedly planning to assassinate a local politician.U.S. Attorney: ComEd Bribes of Democrat Mike Madigan Show ‘Problem of Public Corruption’ in Illinois “old fashioned patronage system,” as ABC 7 Chicago reported earlier:
For most of the last decade the powerful Speaker of the Illinois House, Rep. Michael Madigan, secretly benefited from bribes that electric utility ComEd now admits paying, according to criminal charges filed Friday by the U.S. Attorney in Chicago.
Madigan, a southwest side state representative since 1971, was not charged in today’s filing, but is clearly implicated in the scheme.
…
Prosecutors state that the person identified as House Speaker Madigan “sought to obtain from ComEd sweetheart contracts and money for himself and various associates “such as precinct captains” who operated in his legislative district.
…
According to the federal information filed Friday, ComEd “corruptly gave, offered, and agreed to give things of value, namely, jobs, vendor subcontracts, and monetary payments associated with those jobs and subcontracts” for the Speaker’s benefit and with “intent to influence” him and his associates.
At a press conference in Chicago on Friday, Lausch said ComEd had agreed to pay a $ 200 million fine — the largest in the history of the Northern District of Illinois. In return, the government would defer prosecution — as long as the company continued assisting with investigations. The deal will have to be approved by a federal court.
Madigan has not been charged in the scheme, which allegedly ran from 2011 to 2019.
Lausch said that the “speaks volumes about the very nature of the problem of public corruption here in Illinois.”
He described some of the favors granted to Madigan, including appointing a preferred candidate to the company’s board, hiring a law firm chosen by Madigan, and hiring interns from Madigan’s Chicago ward.
Madigan is considered the most powerful man in Illinois — more powerful than the governor. He controls the state through the power of a far-reaching patronage system. He has often been accused of corruption but has managed to evade criminal.
Let’s block ads! (Why?)
, Breitbart News reportsOut of
Season
Season
order may
Karl Rosenfield - Peony
Sold out.
The tiered volume pricing will be reflected in the cart page
Type: Peonies - Herbaceous
Karl Rosenfield is a classic crimson double. This much loved herbaceous peony gives excellent tall cut flowers (mid).
Aspect: Full sun to semi shade
Growing Zones: Zones 1, 2, 3 (refer to Climate Map)
Flowers: Oct;Nov
Product Type: Peonies - Herbaceous
Product code: KA1
Scientific Name: Paeonia lactiflora
Supplied as: Rootstock packed in peat
Water Wise: Yes
Colour: Dark Pink
Planting Time: Jun;Jul;Aug
End Use: Garden;Cut Flower;Clumping
Frost Hardy: Yes
Height: 60-100cm
Peony - Herbaceous: (Zones 1,2,3)
Herbaceous peonies come in a variety of forms, singles, doubles and semi-doubles and are often quite fragrant. These lovely shrubs can grow to around 1 metre high and will normally
Letter: Women have tried to use that argument before
Staff Writer
The Columbus Dispatch
In her Monday letter “Majority silenced in these ‘politically correct’ times,” Patricia Noland wrote: "Seriously, the hypocrisy is staggering."
I agree that this debate over mask-wearing is duplicitous, especially when I hear men being interviewed about why they will not wear a mask: "It is my body and my choice." Really?
Where have we women heard that before …
Katy Bertner, ColumbusELA-MA
Cable deployment is always costly for deployment and maintenance. Longer distance introduces much higher overall cost. ELA-MA is a reliable and cost effect solution to cable replacement in RS232/485 transmission. ELA-MA can achieve very good wireless performance in 2 Km distance with 90% successful transmission rate. For data transmission, ELA-MA uses LoRa 862~932 MHz to convert RS232/485 serial data among devices with LoRa wireless technology. ELA-MA is designed for easy setup and maintenance. Multi-end points can form a broadcast network, with the same frequency and encryption the end points can communicate without pairing in advance. Thus, effectively reduce the effort in deployment and maintenance.Are you considering taking the abortion pill? Before you schedule your appointment, we recommend taking time to learn about incomplete abortions, understanding the symptoms, and taking steps to avoid abortion complications.
What is an incomplete abortion?
An incomplete abortion is a condition in which the abortion pill process does not fully expel the pregnancy tissue from the uterus. Incomplete abortions are relativity rare. However, if left untreated, they can lead to serious health complications including infection, sepsis, and hemorrhaging due to retained fetal tissue.
What are the signs?
While it is normal to experience some side effects when taking the abortion pill, there are certain signs to look out for that may indicate more serious medical complications.
Typical side effects of abortion may include…
- Cramping
- Bleeding
- Headaches
- Nausea
- Weakness
- Fever
- Chills
- Vomiting
- Diarrhea
Signs of an incomplete abortion may include…
- Excessive or prolonged bleeding
- Acute abdominal pain
- Pain when pressure is applied to the abdomen
- Pain that lasts more than a few days
- High or prolonged fever
What steps can I take to avoid an incomplete abortion?
To avoid complications, including incomplete abortion, it is essential to undergo a pre-abortion screening before taking the abortion pill. Waterleaf Women’s Center provides free and confidential pre-abortion screenings to help women make safe and informed choices for their unplanned pregnancies.
We first recommend confirming your pregnancy and its gestational age through free lab-quality pregnancy testing and an ultrasound scan. These screenings determine whether you are eligible for the abortion pill and if there are any potential health complications, such as ectopic pregnancy.
According to the FDA, women more than 10 weeks gestational age should not use the abortion pill to terminate a pregnancy. Doing so may result in an incomplete abortion.
Come see for yourself!
Schedule a free appointment today to confirm the gestational age of your pregnancy, to learn about any other health concerns, and to receive a medical consultation and important information on all of your options.
Schedule your appointment today!Collaboration Works
Co-developed Product Information
Cannaturel
Pacific Saury Cooked with Spicy Miso (fermented soybean paste)
Pacific Saury Marinated in Sesame Seed Sauce
Sea Squirt Acqua Pazza
Oysters Cooked in Sesame-seed Oil with Dried Kelps and Orange Peels
Scallops Cooked in Olive Oil with Dried Kelps and Yuba (bean curd skin)
OTR Dick Tracy
Various
Old Time Radio Classics Featuring Dick Tracy Ned Wever, who later voiced the character of Jor-El in the Superman radio series, played Dick Tracy, making him the first actor to portray the intrepid detective.
This recording is part of the Old Time Radio collection.Now, you may think "It's not worth the money" or "It's untradable so useless if/when he gets a higher IF" etc, but I'm not bothered about putting money into untradable cards if I want it and let me tell you I CERTAINLY don't regret putting the money into this card.
I've used VVD's Regular Gold, 86 IF & 87 IF and they were all very solid in defence, with a few mistakes here and there which can be expected. This POTM VVD is truly exceptional at the back because not only is he ridiculously strong in a tackle, he's got the pace to catch pretty much anyone running towards goal. I've noticed his positioning is excellent and is very rarely caught out. I've mentioned his tackling is insane, this is because he has missed roughly 1 tackle per game I've used him whilst still completing on average 13 tackles per game.
Furthermore, not only is he good in defence, he has been relentless upfront during corners. Whilst using his previous cards, they would pop up with a header every now and then, but very rarely. This POTM VVD is currently averaging a goal every other game. If you get a corner and you have this guy in your team, you know you'll have a very high chance of it ending up in the net thanks to Virgil's forehead.
I've used a lot of defenders so far in FIFA 19, such as Ramos, Umtiti, Varane, Gold & IF Koulibaly & Prime Sol Campbell and none of them have matched up to this POTM card. Don't get me wrong, they haven't been awful, fairly good in fact, but this card honestly just blows them out the water with his reliability all over the pitch.
DEFENCE - Extremely solid, very rarely does he miss a tackle/caught out of position
STRENGTH - Ridiculously strong in a tackle and can push anyone off the ball
SPEED - Can catch pretty much anyone running towards his goal
CORNERS - Very good chance of him pulling off a bullet header to the top corner
UNTRADABLE - You can't sell him, but I honestly don't care giving the performances he does
RIP to everyone who didn't do this card.
Van Dijk is a monster who will be getting a ratings refresh upgrade so prepare to be man handled by everyone who abuses this card. Used his regular card for almost 50 games and thought he was already the best non-icon CB behind Ramos. If this card gets upgraded to a 90 or 91 he will be prime icon level comfortably.
He completely tanks forwards off the ball in 50-50 challenges and runs away with the ball almost every time, feeling more like a midfielder with his dribbling and passing stats.
Maybe didn't score as many headers as some other Van Dijk users but I had flashback Zlatan for a while who was bagging the corners.
The only real issue for VVD is his med/med work rates but this can be solved by pairing him with a med/high or low/high CB alongside him. Had problems partnering him with Ramos due to his high attacking work rate leaving the our man Virgil exposed occasionally.
Also 400k for an untradeable CB was steep but completely worth it with some decent pack luck.
- Pace
- Strength
- Aggression
- Passing
- Headers
- Defending
- Untradeable
- Cost
- Work rates
Hi, this is my first review i've ever done but after playing with this beast for 2 months i'm with the need of do that review, let's start!
VVD is one of the best CB in the game. That's exactly what a fool will say. Let me tell you that virgil van dijk is the f....ing best player of the game. Specially this POTM version is absolutely a f...ing monster.
I tried VVD rare gold card 6 months ago and i was surpised of his perfect performance. I was playing with my tipical 3-5-2 formation and i was about to sell the stupid game cause i was not able to win a single game but when i buyed his basic card i started to win games like "churros". Then i decided to buy his sif version (when it was 87 rated) and.... DAMN boy, he was a f....ing monster. Defending he was my leader and attacking... OH MAN... who the hell made that player? All corners were mine, I scored 15 goals in 120 matches and let me tell you that i've never been a corner maestro.
After this introduction, u will understand me if i say that when i saw this man POTM i've got a big erection (insted of he was 89). And believe....When this man became 92 rated my heart stopped. He is absolutely a machine... everyone fears VVD POTM. I've played against ronaldo, pele, maradona, messi, gullit.... None could beat him. He is a monster. He feels like a monster. And he knows that he is a monster.
Pace: 8/10 His 80 pace it's okay and if you use him with anchor or shadow his pace increase so much but in fact if you are using this man without a chemistry card like that you won't notice the difference because he is fast enough to deal with all the strikers because of his strenght.
Shooting: 6/10. Well he is a CB what did you expected? insted of being CB his shooting is not as bad as manolas so is respectful enough
Passing: 8/10. Not the biggest stat but i have to say thats he is good with the ball and rarely he will loss the ball making a bad decision while passing the ball.
Dribbling: 6/10. Really do i have to speak about this? He is a defender so the only thing u must care about is to defend. Insted of this, his ball controll is pretty awesome.
Defense: 10/10. Oh boy, here we go. The best trait that this card can offer. Simply a god. If you use anchor, near every stat of defense get an upgrade to 99. And trust me, you will not regret to put him an anchor.... my god, he destroys every single player who is triying to pass trough.... AMAZING
Physical: 10/10. Nothing to add. Him >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Jean-Claude Van Damme+Bruce Lee+Chuck Norris+The Rock+Jackie Chan
- Magnific pace
- Strong as Hercules
- More Solid in defense than Maldini
- Perfect Hair-cut
- He is a liverpool player
- He is not traddeable
- If u didn't do the SBC say good bye to this Monster
- Nothing at all- Virtual Office – are you geared for this?We are experiencing a rapid move to online meetings, working from home and flying solo in performing our day-to-day tasks. But are we geared for this? Do we have the home setup that […]
- I Dare (you) to DreamWhen we were young, we played the game – what do you want to be when you grow up… We would lie on our backs, looking at clouds, dreaming up the most amazing […]
- Freelance Professionals during Lockdown – a Poll’s ResultsWhat started out as a curiosity question, turned out to be a very insightful exercise. I wish to share the results with those who participated, but also those who are interested to know […]
- A Basket of SkillsGrowing up I took great interest in my dad’s hobby of making ‘potjiekos’. Potjiekos is a traditional South African stew prepared on the fire with a 3-leg black steal pot, prepared slowly over […]
- How do I respondBy now, every person on earth is aware of, feels the impact of, and fear the realities of “the life after” the Coronavirus pandemic. I wrote the following content on June 26th, 2019, […]
- What if it is no longer ‘Business as Usual’…What if we are better off after the current Corona Virus pandemic? What if our world got rid of all the unnecessary noises? What if our children managed to received hands-on life-integration skills […]
- Doors are still open…Creatividad Consulting is still open for business during the lock down. Although physical contact is not possible, they are still running their services offering online service options. For their discounted offering for South […]
- A Controversial OptimistYes, I am living in the reality of a once in a lifetime global disaster. I am staying home to save lives as millions of others in this and other countries worldwide. Yes, […]
- The Innovative EntrepreneurA couple of decades ago one of my friends was frustrated because she was not able to make an appointment with her favorite hairdresser for her quarterly foil hair-color treatment. There was too […]
- What is coming?4th industrial revolution The Fourth Industrial Revolution builds on previous revolutions, which began in the 18th century (First Industrial Revolution) with the invention of the steam engine. The Second Industrial Revolution used electricity […]
- The 4th Industrial Revolution asks for New SkillsTechnological development – where do we come from? It was only in 1990 that the 1st website was developed and ‘distributed’ over a ‘distributing network’. Children today can’t imagine a world without technology, […]Profile
Leeds Beckett Students’ Union is currently collecting feedback to ensure that we continue to support you to the best of our capabilities this academic year. We want to find out more about the support you need now and going forward in areas such as student finances, your success and development, your sense of belonging at Leeds Beckett University and how supported you feel.
Trans Awareness Week is here, and we are proud to celebrate and support our trans students and staff who identify both within the gender binary and outside of it! Transgender Awareness week is an annual one-week celebration leading up to Transgender Day of Remembrance (held on 20 November), which memorialises victims of transphobic violence and those who died by suicide.
If you need some help and advice the Students’ Union Advisers have answered some questions on where you can go for additional support if you are feeling stressed about your exams.
Diwali, or alternatively known as Deepavali, is the Hindu festival of lights celebrated across the states of India. The festival is symbolic for the victory of good over evil. The official day of celebration changes according to the Hindu calendar every year but usually falls between late October to mid November.
Leeds Beckett Students' Union would like to express our undying solidarity with Black people across the world as well those protesting the horrific human rights abuses by the US state on its own citizens following the racist murder of George Floyd by the police.
Times are strange, and the transition from face-to-face teaching to online classes and moving your studying sessions from the library to your home might be a bit difficult. To try and help, we’ve put together some tips to help you study from home. If you’re finding yourself struggling with this transition, have a browse and see what works best for you.
If you’re a student at Leeds Beckett, you’re probably well aware that the uni prides itself on being a fantastic institution for sports! Luckily, Headingley and City campus are surrounded by amazing sports bars showing football and rugby matches. Support local teams like Leeds United and Leeds Rhinos from the comfort of one of Leeds finest bars.
Hey Everyone, Meg here your Academic Experience Officer for 2021-22. I am so honoured to represent you this year and can’t believe we have commenced another academic year! Where does the time go? I do hope you are settling in and a massive welcome to all new Leeds Beckett students. I really hope you enjoy your time here.
The rise of drink spiking and spiking through injection in clubs across the UK is causing growing concerns about safety within our student community. Everyone should be able to feel safe when out in Leeds without the fear of something happening to them or their friends. This serious safety issue is tainting our students’ experience and we won’t let it be something that prevents us from having a great time!
In light of recent events, it's never been clearer that more needs to be done to ensure that everyone feels safe in our city. Last week, Leeds City Council is re-launching the 'Ask For Angela' scheme across the city alongside Women Friendly Leeds and other participating partners & venues.
Leeds is a fantastic City with so much to get involved in. Volunteering is a great way to meet new people and gain valuable employability skills. Each year hundreds of students get involved in volunteering around the city to make a difference during their time here. International Students’ have so much to offer. Your unique experiences as well as potential secondary languages can be a huge benefit to charities in Leeds.
Did you know that you can gain valuable work experience whilst meeting new people and having fun? Leeds Beckett Students’ Union supports students into volunteering and there are loads of things to choose from. Take a look at the following for an idea of what we have on offer.
With exams just around the corner, student stress levels are at an all-time high. To help you cope during this busy period we’ve put together a guide full of handy tips to help you manage and relieve your stress so that you can #StressLess.
We sat down with some autistic students here at Leeds Beckett and found out exactly what they would like Lecturers (and everyone here really!) to be aware of to make their time studying here more accessible and welcoming.
You should volunteer, it's such a great way to meet new people! Try volunteering, it will add experience to your CV! I am sure you heard these arguments many times. In this article, we're saying pretty much the same thing BUT hopefully we can convince you to try it this year ??
Our Student Communities exist to empower different communities of students to self-organise and make decision on the topics that matter most to them. Each Student Community elects a Convenor, whose role it is to lead and coordinate the work of the Community, helping to facilitate discussion and to act as the key point of contact to work closely with the Students’ Union’s full-time Officers and staff.
The Government urged nightclubs and other venues with large crowds to now make use of the NHS COVID Pass, which shows proof of vaccination, a recent negative test or natural immunity as a means of entry. Following these new advice, we are putting additional covid-19 measures in place from 1st September for your safety. In this article, we're highlighting how we will keep each other safe at our events this year.
Leeds Beckett Students’ Union and Leeds Beckett University are committed to ensuring the health and wellbeing of our staff and students and are working together to embed a culture of Zero Tolerance to sexual harassment, sexual violence or sexual assault in any form across our university.
Have you received your results on Results Online? If you feel that you have in some way been disadvantaged during your studies and this is reflected in your results then you may have grounds for an Academic Appeal. Read on for more information on appealing your results.
LBSU are committed to sustainability and strive to make constant improvements for staff and students to reduce waste, increase recycling, and reduce our carbon footprint. Environmental sustainability is where the demands placed on our environment do not exceed its capacity for resources that last us into future. In other words, there needs to be a balance between what we take and what we give back.
Always wanted to try the whole veggie thing? In this article, we'll guide your hungry stomach around the best vegan and veggie joints in Leeds.
Every year, 4 full time officers are elected by Leeds Beckett University students and work to lead Leeds Beckett Students' Union into the next academic year. Their mission is to make Students’ lives better and to ensure that your voice is heard by the university’s leadership.
Moving to a new city for uni is a huge milestone, especially to such an exciting and vibrant city like Leeds.
Leeds is really a shopaholic’s paradise! Here's a list of our favourite spots.
Leeds prides itself as a welcoming city and is rapidly growing in diversity, home to thriving Caribbean and African communities hosting an annual West Indian Carnival.
Hello, it is your new Welfare and Community Officer here! I am so excited for the year ahead and to meet you. Remember you can always come up to me for a chat or feel free to drop me an email.August 18, 2017
By Steve Blumenthal
“Anything that has happened economically, has happened over and over again.”
– Ray Dalio
Founder, Bridgewater Associates, in Bloomberg Interview
My thinking is impatient and mostly critical as I sift through research each week. I’m sure my “get to the point” personality frustrates my co-workers and I’m sure at times my beautiful wife. It’s a personality flaw, I know; but hey, I’m just not sure any amount of therapy can help.
As I sift through research, my head clicks doesn’t matter, doesn’t matter… matters! Last week I wrote about Camp Kotok. There were some important “matters” moments. For example, there was an interesting moment when Bloomberg’s Mike McKee fired hard questions at the panel of economists and former Fed insiders.
Stress test very bright thinkers on stage with their peers and you get to watch their body language as you listen to their answers. Further, you get to watch the movements and facial expressions of others in the room. The panelists debated what the Fed will do next.
The most important takeaway from camp was confirmation of my view that the Fed, at the highest level, is heavily reliant on, if not married to, a limited equation called the Phillips Curve. The Fed’s goals are to keep employment strong and inflation in check.
The Phillips Curve is a single-equation empirical model, named after William Phillips, describing a historical inverse relationship between rates of unemployment and corresponding rates of inflation that result within an economy.
The Phillips Curve assumes that high levels of employment will pressure wages, increase incomes, increase spending and drive inflation higher. And that is true in the short-term debt (or business cycles) we move through over time, but is it always true? In my view, the answer is no.
I argued they need to consider where we are in terms of both the short-term and the long-term debt cycle. A retired senior Fed economist said to me, “Until someone comes up with a better model, it’s the best we’ve got.” At this moment in time, they are looking at the wrong thing. “Matters!”
Put “how the Fed will likely react” in the matters category. Put the Phillips Curve in the matters category simply because it is what the Fed is focused on and not because it is the right metric and put, as I mentioned last week, the understanding of short-term and long-term debt cycles and where we are within those cycles in the matters most category.
Bottom line: We sit at the end of a long-term debt cycle. One very few of us have ever seen before yet one that has happened many times over hundreds of years. The data exists. The Phillips Curve doesn’t see it.
I wrote last week, “… the Fed is Focused on the Obvious and the Unimportant.” That is important for us to know. But then, what should the central bankers and you and I be focused on? Let’s take a look at that today and see if we can gain a better understanding.
Meeting Bloomberg’s chief global economist Mike McKee at Camp Kotok was a real treat for me. If you have listened to Bloomberg radio over the years, you’ll know him as Tom Keene’s co-host. So how will the next few years play out? What does it mean in terms of the returns you are likely to receive? In the matters category, I believe this is what you and I need to know most.
Following are my abbreviated notes from a recent Keene-McKee-Ray Dalio video interview to better understand how the economic machine works and how Bridgewater uses this understanding to invest their clients’ money.
There are three main factors. There is productivity which produces income. You can spend at the end of the day what you earn. And what you earn is a function of your productivity. For a country it is the same as for individuals. You can be more productive if you work harder and you can be more productive if you are creative.
Over a short period of time you can spend more money than what you earn. That’s because we have debt. So we have debt cycles. There are two major debt cycles. There is a short-term debt cycle which we are used to (it’s called the business cycle). We have recession and the Fed eases. What they do is reduce interest rates and as a result, money and credit goes out into the system.
It first bids up asset prices and then the lower borrowing costs enable business to make items that are cheaper because interest rates go down… so we have that business cycle. When that cycle gets past a certain mid-point in the cycle, there is a tightening of monetary policy as you get to the later part of the cycle (Fed raises interest rates) as you start to have inflation. It then gets too tight and the economy starts to go down. And that’s the business cycle. We are all used to this cycle.
So when we look at every country, we can see where we are in that cycle. We are in the mid-part of that cycle and hence we are having the conversation we are having about the Federal Reserve.
And then there is a long-term debt cycle because these cycles add up. In a long-term debt cycle, imagine you start off with no debt. Think of low debt-GDP ratios. Say you’re earning $100,000 a year and you have no debt. You borrow $10,000 so you can spend $110,000. Your spending is somebody else’s income. They are earning more so they can spend more. And it becomes self-reinforcing until you get to the point where debts rise too high relative to the income (like a balance sheet, at some point you can’t borrow anymore because you owe too much relative to what you can make, your income).
Central banks, all central banks, are in the business of helping this process go along. They lower interest rates, and lower again until rates hit 0% and we then come to a dilemma. We reach an end of monetary policy as we traditionally have it and as a result, you can’t keep that cycle going.
At this point the Fed puts money into the system. There is a difference between debt and money. With debt, for example, you go into a store and buy a suit, you put down your credit card and you later have to pay back money to settle the transaction. So the central banks can’t create credit because we’ve reached a point of too much debt so they put money in the system. They do this by buying financial assets.
When they buy bonds, the seller of those bonds takes the cash and he does something else with that cash. As a result of this, it causes longer-term yields to fall as the buying drives asset prices to rise.
So there are three equilibriums we have longer term:
-.
And there is an equilibrium that keeps working itself through this system and monetary and fiscal policy are the tools we use as we work through short-term and long-term debt cycles.
Tom Keene asks, “…we’ve enjoyed the last seven years. Where are we now within that equilibrium?” Dalio answered,
The United States is in the mid-point of its short-term debt cycle so as a result central banks are talking about whether we should tighten or not. That’s what central banks do in the middle of the short-term cycle and we are near the end of a long-term debt cycle. (Emphasis mine.)
-.
Tom Keene asks, “Within the framework of your economic machine, do you presume a jump condition (a jump up in rates) as central banks come out of this or can they manage it with smooth glide paths?” Ray answered,
I don’t believe they can raise rates faster than is discounted in the curve. In other words, the rate at which it is discounted to rise which is built into the interest rate curve (the curve is the different yields you get for short-term Treasury Bills to long-term Treasury Bonds). This is built into all asset prices.
So if you raise rates much more than is discounted in the curve, I think that is going to cause asset prices to go down. Because all things being equal, all assets sell at the present value of discounted cash flow. All assets are subject to this so if you raise rates faster than what is discounted in the curve, all things being equal, it will produce a downward pressure on all asset prices.
And that’s a dangerous situation because the capacity of the central banks to ease has never been less in our lifetimes. So we have a very limited ability of central banks to be effective in easing monetary policy.
Mike McKee asks, “What does a central bank do when you are at the end of a long-term debt cycle? When the Fed is at the zero bound (meaning a Fed Funds rate yielding 0%)?”
Ray believes the pressure on the central banks will be on easing monetary policy (lowering rates) vs. tightening (raising rates).
Ray said, “We are in an asymmetrical world where the risks of raising rates is far greater than lowering rates (this is due to where we sit in the long-term debt cycle including emerging market U.S. dollar denominated debt, commodity producing dollar denominated debts, Japan, Europe and China debts relative to GDP or their collective income).”
Meaning if you raise rates, it affects the dollar and it affects foreign dollar dominated debt. So the risks on the downside are totally different than the risks on the upside.
Ray suggests that the next big Fed move will be to ease and provide more QE.
McKee asks, “Do you think QE works anymore?”
Ray said, “It will work a lot less than it did last time. Just like each time it worked a lot less.” He’s saying we can’t have a big rate rise because of the amount of debt, because of what it will do to the dollar, because of the disinflation it will cause and we will have a downturn.
And the downturn should be particularly concerning because we don’t have the same return potential with asset prices richly priced, so each series of QE cannot provide the same bump. You reach a point where QE is simply pushing on a string. You get nothing.
McKee asked if we are there yet.
Ray responded, “No, we are not there yet, but we are close. Some countries are there. Europe is there. What are you going to buy in a negative interest rate world? Japan is there. The effectiveness of monetary policy then comes through the currency (SB here: currency devaluation makes your goods cheaper to buy than my goods).”
(SB here: QE creates money out of thin air and central banks use that money to buy assets. That money buys bonds from you and you then have money in your account to put to work. What will you then buy? Which country might you choose to invest?)
Ray said, “If you look at us (the U.S.), we have very high rates in comparison to those in Europe and Japan. So it comes through the currency. If you can’t have interest rate moves (like in Europe) it comes through the currency.” Countries need to get their currencies lower to compete and drive growth. Can you see the mess that debt gets us into and the challenges reached at the end of long-term debt cycles?)
I’m going to conclude my notes from the Bloomberg interview with this last comment from Ray:
If you can’t have interest rate moves, you’ve got to have currency moves. And that’s the environment we are in.
You’ll find the full interview below.
OK, my friend, I believe the Fed should be studying history. As I mentioned last week, they do talk with the likes of Bridgewater but it stops short of the top. I believe the Fed should be looking at what happens at periods in time when debt had reached, like today, ridiculous debt-to-GDP levels. That’s the road map. That’s the seminal issue. There are other important issues, of course, but I believe this one matters most. What I gained from my time at Camp Kotok was that the Fed is not reviewing history. They are not considering the dynamics of were we are in the long-term debt cycle. They are wed to the Phillips Curve. “Matters!”
How we reset the debt via a combination of monetary policy and fiscal policy will dictate a beautiful or ugly outcome. Risks are high because asset prices are significantly overvalued. Participate yes but have processes in place that protect. I believe the U.S. looks most favorable relative to the rest of the world and we will likely see more QE. I believe the Phillips Curve and the Fed’s desire to normalize rates (to put them in a better position to deal with the next cycle) will prove to be a mistake. As Ray said, “The risks are asymmetric.” The current rate hike period will be halted and more QE will follow.
What happens between now and then? Don’t know. I suspect a shock followed by more global QE. The current state favors a stronger dollar and a strong U.S. equity market especially if there is a sovereign debt crisis in Europe. So yep… there’s that. Participate and protect and tighten your seat belt. Likely to be bumpy.
Grab a coffee. There was a great piece from GMO titled, “The S&P 500: Just Say No.” It highlights how GMO comes to their 7-Year Real Asset Return Forecast. One that is currently predicting a -4.20% annualized real return over the coming seven years. As in a loss of nearly 4% per year. If true, expect every $100,000 of your wealth to equal $70,945 seven years from now. Ultimately, valuations do matter. So yep… that too.
GMO has posted its forecast for many years. It is updated monthly. The accuracy rate has been excellent. Meaning the correlation to what they predicted to what returns turned out to be is very high. Not a guarantee, but put it too on your matters list. You can follow it here.
You’ll find a few interesting charts. Thanks for reading. I hope you find this information helpful for you and your work with your clients. Have a great weekend.
♦ If you are not signed up to receive my weekly On My Radar e-newsletter, you can subscribe here. ♦
Follow me on Twitter @SBlumenthalCMG.
Included in this week’s On My Radar:
- “The S&P 500: Just Say No”
- Charts of the Week
- Trade Signals — Cyclical Trend, Daily Investor Sentiment, Zweig Bond Model, Gold Signals Bullish
- Personal Note
“The S&P 500: Just Say No”
Each month I share with you my favorite valuation charts. They can tell us little about timing tops and bottoms, but they can tell us a great deal about coming forward returns.
James Montier from GMO along with his colleague, Matt Kadnar, put out an excellent piece this week. They explain how GMO gets to the -4.2% annualized real return forecast for U.S. Large Cap stocks.
With everyone herding into passive index funds, James and Matt begin by addressing what you are probably hearing from your clients. “U.S. stocks have outperformed for the last number of years, so I see no reason why that should not continue.”
Yes, but not likely. Here is a look at their forward return estimates for various asset classes.
I particularly like how they decomposed returns and then show what the return drivers have been over the last seven years. Simply, don’t expect a repeat from here. Expect a reversion back to the mean. They conclude, expect -4.20% per year for seven years.
They conclude: If earnings and dividends are remarkably stable (and they are), to believe that the S&P 500 will continue delivering the wonderful returns we have experienced over the last seven years is to believe that P/Es and margins will continue to expand just as they have over the last seven years. The historical record for this assumption is quite thin, to put it kindly. It is remarkably easy to assume that the recent past should continue indefinitely, but it is an extremely dangerous assumption when it comes to asset markets. Particularly expensive ones, as the S&P 500 appears to be.
I encourage you to read (and show your clients) the full piece. You can find it here.
Charts of the Week
Just a few charts of interest to share.
Chart 1:
There are now more index benchmarks than there are stocks. A passive index bubble? It sure looks like one to me.
Source: The Daily Shot, Bloomberg.com, Skënderbeg Alternative Investments. (Full article)
Chart 2: Deja vu all over again – Consumer Debt Exceeds 2008 High
Here is how to read the chart:
- The chart below shows total debt balance nationwide by composition in trillions of dollars. The current total is $12.84T, well exceeding the 2008 peak. Notice that even though the current Total Household Debt is greater than its 2008 high, mortgage debt is still currently lower than during the recession.
Chart 3: Student Loans and Auto Debt
The next chart drills down into student loan debt and auto loans. It’s no surprise the Student Loans have been on the rise.
Source: Advisors Perspectives – Jill Mislinski, 8/15/17
Trade Signals — Cyclical Trend, Daily Investor Sentiment, Zweig Bond Model, Gold Signals Bullish
S&P 500 Index — 2,469 (8-16-2017)
Notable this week:
As you’ll see in this week’s charts, the balance of evidence remains bullish for both equities, high quality fixed income and gold. Since last week’s post, our HY indicator has moved to a sell. I keep a close eye on HY, as junk bonds have historically been an early indicator for the trend in stocks and the economy. We typically get 4-5 signals a year.
I see no sign of recession over the next 6-9 months. Inflation remains a non-issue. The greatest risks are geopolitical (protectionism, trade, war), debt (specifically HY and foreign sovereign debt) and underfunded pensions (what will be required to fix the issue will be reduced benefits and higher taxes).
Given the developed world’s aging demographics, lower income and higher taxes are not good for economies. The risk of a 2018 recession is high. Yet for now, our recession watch indicators are signaling low recession risk and the overall trend evidence for stocks and high quality bonds remains bullish.
We continue to see a “risk on” positioning in the CMG Opportunistic All Asset Strategy with exposures favoring developed and emerging markets.
Personal Note
As a quick aside, you can follow @RayDalio on Twitter and read his “Observations” in LinkedIn. Here is link to a recent tweet. Click on it to read the “Risks Are Rising While Low Risks Are Discounted:”
I use Twitter to send out links to what I feel “matters.” Of course, no guarantees. You can follow me on Twitter @SBlumenthalCMG and on LinkedIn here.
This past week was full of mixed emotions. I lost my brother to a heart attack. We are all shocked and numb. My brother was smart with a witty, fun sense of humor. We are celebrating his life on Monday. He leaves behind the most important person in his life, his daughter, Ashley. I pray my Mom and Dad are holding him.
The high for the week was golf Wednesday afternoon with two business partners, Adam (CMG’s head trader) and my son, Matt. Personally, I needed the distraction. Though I did lose another $15 to Matt. A 10-foot par save followed by two consecutive birdies sunk the old man. Two down with one to play. Birdies are worth $5 extra each. It was nice to be with friends and my son. Four of the five of us were rooting for Matt. I was happy to add more money to the “Matt continues to beat dad” fund.
Susan’s mother is coming to visit next week. We are really looking forward to that. She is an avid golfer so I may try to sneak away from work and get out to Stonewall. That will be fun. She’s an awesome Grandma!
Thanks for reading. Hug your family… I’ll be holding a glass high and toasting my brother. Welcome home, Mike. You are loved..Suman, Khanna(b.1948)
A careful study of Gandhi's life and thought reveals, first, that both are deeply rooted in the Hindu tradition; and, secondly, that he attaches greater importance to action than to mere words.;
Publisher: B.R. Publishing Corporation
USD 40.25
Note: Forwarding by air/ courier inclusive in price.
Title: Gandhi and the good life
Author: Suman, Khanna(b.1948)
ISBN 13: 9788170189176
ISBN 10: 8170189179
Year: 1996
Pages etc.: Reprint of 1985: xi, 180p., bibl., ind., 23.11/2/2011
1 Comment
When studying to become a personal trainer, I had to cover neurobiology to extent relevant to conditioning. Interestingly you are 100% right, when we learn we go through the motions and lay down the nuerons through conscious action... However at some point, skills such as dribbling became solely subconscious in nature. Researchers could observe this event bc it manifested itself physically; the new players who recently learned to dribble at some point developed the ability to focus their conscious awareness away from dribbling only and were thus able to do other things while dribng simultaneously. The more the subjects could do while dribbling (court awareness, shooting, passing, play formation) the more dribbling was thought to be subconscious. Through repetition we transfer biomechanical processes from the conscious (pre frontal cortex) to the subconscious (limbic? I dunno, could be wrong bout that). As dribbling proficiency increased along with proficiency in other simultaneous tasks, the process of dribbling is further seated in the brain as a subconscious second nature function. .... On a related note, there's a book my aunt told me about and the main assertion posited therein is that it takes a human about 10,000 hours of Focused practice to master a physical or musical skill at the highest level. Case studies within showed that the top professional athletes at the time had amassed 10,000 or more hours in strict practice... Players of slightly lesser talent were shown to have amassed slightly less time in practice (around 7-9 thousand hours).... Thus, the amount of time one spends doing something is the most significant factor in predicting ultimate skill level reached... Provided you are actually doing it right .. Interesting3 Days, 2 Nights
Destinations: Nainital
10 Days, 9 Nights
Destinations: Cape Town,Oudtshoorn,Knysna,Sun City,Kruger National Park
Wonderful experience and very good customer support from INT staff.
We have travelled to Dubai in March,2021. Due to covid , our other international honeymoon trip got cancelled in 2020. Nidhi had suggested Dubai in 2021 when I asked for options. I should thank her firstly. Mr.Taran who has made us feel like his family member in considering my queries and requests. Heartful appreciation to Nupur for her workings based on our requirement. As a whole, trip was planned within short span of time but turned to the best and memorable trip. The team has ensured that we have a comfortable stay. Well organised team and timely response from Nupur and Nidhi made our trip very comfortable. Awaiting the next trip through I need trip. Thank you Mr.Taran,Nupur and Nidhi for making our Dubai trip the most memorable. Will cherish the memories for the lifetime.
It was my dubai trip with 2 families in total. Had a really great experience with ineedtrip. They made us a whatsapp group like even at night 2.30 am. We had to do our webcheckin and we were unable to do. The team (nidhi) did us the webcheckin for us at that tym so. These people are committed to their customers and really care for us. They are just a message away on whatsapp group. As one of our bags got left in the vehicle so we were worried. Just messaged on the group and the driver was back within few more mins. So had a hassle free trip as we people were full of mistakes and lazyness. So they covered us fully just on a simple message. The replies were fast and life saving. Thankyou ineedtrip for a wondefful journey so far. Also not to forget the genuiness of the owner (paaji). Such a great person with very genuine attitude and lovely vibes .. Keep spreading the wonderful smiles and happiness Thankyou again for the memorable experience all together
Perfect and Hassle Free Trip. Everything was easy thanks to Taran and Raminder. Would definitely use "I Need Trip" when I need (the next ;) ) trip.
It was a wonderful experience with I NEED TRIP. I booked DUBAI trip with i need trip , they helped me out each and every time whenever i need any sort of help. These guys are really amazing. I really thankful for the team. Initially it was very hard for me to have trust on company but honestly this company really deserve trust.You all can blindly book the trips with I NEED TRIP without having doubt. Team Please keep on work like this you will be on new height soon. All the best and have fruitful journey. Thanks Mr. Pankaj to guide and help me to planning the itinerary.
Service was excellent and very friendly staff. I had very good experience during my Maldives tour. No problems, no excuses, great holiday spent. Trust them they will deliver.Astha was very helpful.Excellent service provided by Raminder.She is very sincere in her work.She was prompt in keeping us informed on each of the steps and followed up regularly .Our experience was very smooth even during this corona period and we had a memorable trip.
We Understand That You Might Need A Friend’s Help On Your Trip, Whether It’s A Recommendation, Hotel Support Or Anything Else, We Are Here For You 24/7. For More Info Just Click.
Being Owner’s And Coming From Travel Background, We Understand Every Point Where Travelers Need Direct Assistance. Making Travel Easy And Comfortable We Have Kept Doors Open For Our Every Customer To Share Us Their Feedback Anytime. Our Whats App No Are Shared And We Are Just A Message Away From Your Reach.
We Aim To Always Exceed Our Traveler’s Expectations By Customizing Personalized & Exciting Holidays To Expand Our Already Strong Customer Base. We’re Committed To Growing Our Global Footprint Together With Our Clients & Aim To Offer Best Products And Services Along With Cutting-edge Technology And Dedicated Round-the-clock Customer Support.
We Deliver What We Promise & Only Promise What We Can Deliver. We Never Compromise With Our Pre-defined Service Standard (that’s Why People Love Travelling With Us & Gave Us Happy Ratings)
Iata International Air Transport Association Otoai Outbound Tour Operators Association Of India Iatte Indian Association Of Travel And Tourism ExpertsMakeMyTrip is spending more on promotions than net revenue
The perceived dominance in online travel space is missing from MakeMyTrip's financials. Losses are widening with the firm doling out heavy discounts to customers
The perceived dominance in online travel space is missing from MakeMyTrip's financials. Losses are widening with the firm doling out heavy discounts to customers
Ever since MakeMyTrip Ltd announced the acquisition of Ibibo Group’s travel business in India last October, the combined entity’s valuation has roughly doubled. The company even raised $330 million from a clutch of investors in May this year..
In fact, MakeMyTrip’s marketing and sales promotion expenses were higher than its net revenues, analysts at Nomura Research pointed out in a note to clients. In the June quarter, the firm’s marketing and sales promotion expenses rose to $142.3 million, higher than its net revenues of $141.2 million. Net revenues are reported after deducting costs related to procuring airline tickets, hotel rooms and other products sold by the company. This is the first full quarter after Ibibo’s financials have been consolidated.
Not surprisingly, losses widened to $52.1 million last quarter, up from $33.1 million in the March quarter, which included two months of Ibibo’s operations.
Ibibo may be partly to blame for the unusually high marketing and promotion spends. Nomura’s analysts say that based on pro forma numbers shared by the company earlier this year, Ibibo possibly spent 1.25 times what MakeMyTrip did on marketing and sales promotion last year, despite being roughly 0.6 time the size in revenue terms.
But instead of reining in Ibibo’s extravagance post the acquisition, MakeMyTrip appears to be catching up with its former competitor in making lavish offers to customers. The company said that primary drivers of the increase in promotional spend were “significant customer inducement and acquisition programs expenses incurred to accelerate growth in the stand-alone hotel booking business and increases in brand advertisement expenses".
Nomura’s analysts expect expenditure on promotions to stay elevated and say MakeMyTrip’s break-even could get pushed beyond fiscal year 2020, compared to its earlier estimate of a break-even in the next fiscal year.
Moreover, while the company managed to eliminate a pesky competitor when it acquired Ibibo, another one, with deeper pockets has emerged. Paytm, on the back of a $1.4 billion fundraise led by SoftBank, has been aggressive in the air ticketing segment, and may enter the hotel booking segment. “Currently, competition is largely from much smaller and less funded competition such as Cleartrip/Yatra and Paytm in air ticketing. We expect Paytm to relaunch its hotel booking offering and replicate the aggression shown in air ticketing on cash back/promotions. (Besides), it is well capitalised to disrupt the market in the near term," Nomura’s analysts said in the note. To think that spend on promotions has skyrocketed even before Paytm’s entry in the hotel booking space is a telling sign.
MakeMyTrip’s investors have shown tremendous patience thus far, but need to be prepared for a much longer haul. While their company is the clear leader in the online travel space and may well retain that mantle, it is evident that this will come at a great cost.In the absence of physical exhibitions and face to face networking events, it may not be the easiest of times to launch an innovative new product. But, there are ways and means of doing so effectively.
One of our areas of ‘specialist experience’ is promoting brands and associated products to those who have a responsibility for Health and Safety in the workplace. We have a long-established track record of effectively getting press coverage for our clients, while also supporting them with other aspects of marketing.
We have, for many years, been writing press releases and articles for the Health and Safety media, successfully promoting a variety of safety products, and the companies behind them. That said, there’s certainly more to us than press release generation.
Sometimes, we like to do things a little differently and have orchestrated some imaginative PR campaigns over the years which have helped our clients to stand out “for all the right reasons”.
We have also produced content for informative e-books on a variety of topics, as well as a range of thought leadership articles and expert opinion contributions for trade magazines. We can provide engaging website content to keep sites fresh and interesting, alongside copywriting services that hit exactly the right tone of voice for corporate communications, or product literature. All of which provides a lot of interesting material for sharing on social media platforms.
And there’s more … scripts for video productions, exhibition planning, event management and sponsorship activation can be thrown into the mix too.
For those companies that have their own dedicated marketing department, we can become a flexible extension of the team, as we have done for COBA Europe.
COBA Europe, part of the COBA International group of companies, is an excellent example of how we have supported the growth of a brand.
We have been instrumental in managing PR for COBA Europe since 1992, a manufacturer of floor safety products, as well as safety knives, that today enjoys global recognition.
“I have worked with Rachel at Kingston PR for many years whilst she handled all of the public relations for COBA Europe Ltd. Rachel is very experienced in the sector and offers an extremely professional approach to PR,” says Chris Stanley, Group Commercial Director, COBA Europe EMEA.
Chris expands further, “Rachel assisted us in numerous levels of public relations from the marketing build-up of exhibitions, to handling all our new product launches across many trade publications. I would recommend Kingston PR to any company based on Rachel’s experience and professional approach.”
Please contact us to find out more and chat about your PR requirements.Special moment for Sami on the basketball court
Wearing the Blue Stars strip, 17 year old Sean Tunbridge took to the basketball court during a Second Division League game on Friday between Isolas Blue Stars Reserves and Valmar Wrighttech Veterans. Born with Angelman Syndrome Sean together with his mum joined brother Sami, Blue Stars player, and members of his family on the court. It was a great moment for all and one which obviously Sean great enjoyed and appreciated. See full story on sports page 18.
Pic: Stephen IgnacioEvent Photography Melbourne
>.
Event Photography Services
- Corporate Events
- Event Portrait Studio
- Major Events
- Exhibitions
- Conferences
- Launches
- Gala dinners
- Award ceremonies
- Festivals
- Roadshows
- In-store promotions
- Presentations
- Meetings
- Fundraisers
Premium & Customized Photography Services
We work with you to help ensure the success of your event. Spread the word while it’s still hot with your attendees. Have attendees do the promoting for you using great visuals on social media. And have create powerful marketing collateral for future promotions.
Fast Access To Photos
Access your event photos via a secure online client login. A full professional edit of your images is available within 24 hours of the event. Online print ordering is also available. We can file select images live during the event for social media & major media syndication.
Live Media Syndication
If required we can provide complete edited syndication during the live event, which is often required for major coverage.
Years of Experience
Our editorial photographers have many years of experience. We use high quality digital equipment for high end results that can be used for future billboard promotions should it be required.© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and Drug Topics. All rights reserved.
After getting extensive comments and other information from the pharmacy community over the past 10 months, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services has significantly increased the "supplying fees" it will pay to pharmacists next year for the anticancer drugs and other medications that are paid for under Medicare Part B.10 Android Devices You May Have Missed
You probably know Android is taking over the mobile market. Google’s Linux-based operating system is dominating the smartphone scene in a way that is beginning to look like Windows' and Intel’s Wintel stranglehold on traditional x86 desktop and PC systems, according to IDC’s third quarter smartphone report. What's more, in the first half of 2013,…DetailsWe have a track record in delivering industrial sector projects with a number of manufacturing and distribution facilities delivered to date to the complete satisfaction of our clients.
We possess the knowledge and experience that will enable us to construct your industrial premises in the quickest possible programme and for the best possible price.
We are committed to utilising the most innovative construction methods suited to the scheme and value engineering the project effectively to ensure your industrial facility is delivered quickly, efficiently and safely, and meets the highest possible standards of sustainability and quality.Denis Coderre can be cowardly with the truth. Do people care?
During the municipal election campaign, the leader of Ensemble Montréal and mayoral candidate Denis Coderre had a complicated relationship with the truth.
On more than one occasion, Coderre has presented facts and figures which have subsequently turned out to be false.
Allegations range from allegations that Montreal’s credit rating was down – it was not – to Montreal having experienced “400 shootings”, during gun violence talks – it was not .
The comments do not seem to affect the popularity of Coderre. Recent polls show that the former mayor is neck and neck with his main rival, the outgoing Valérie Plante, who heads Projet Montreal.
Many statements were made as Coderre spoke out of the blue. Most were said by answering questions at press conferences.
CBC News and Radio-Canada have verified certain Coderre statements. Here is what we found.
400 shootings
Speaking at a press conference announcing his downtown revitalization plan, Coderre was asked whether or not he was scary during the election campaign.
Coderre had previously suggested that Montreal was dangerous and compared it to Beirut after the Lebanese Civil War.
“If I’m scary, what did I say that scared?” ” He asked. “What are you going to say to these families right now, who are afraid because there are more than 400 shootings? ”
There have not been 400 shootings in Montreal this year.
From January to the end of September, there were 97 incidents where a gun was unloaded, according to Montreal police.
The SPVM specified that these cases include times when a firearm was used without targeting someone – shooting in the air, for example.
If we also include all of 2018, 2019 and 2020, the total rises to 236 incidents.
Asked by CBC this week about the gap, Coderre said he had not said there were 400 shootings. He claims to have said that 400 bullet casings were found, although video from the press conference shows otherwise.
He also said he didn’t know what the English word for envelopes was.
French-language newspaper La Presse previously ran an article saying 367 bullet casings had been found in the city up to the end of August.
Credit rating
Speaking to Radio-Canada All morning Radio broadcast in September, Coderre said that Montreal’s credit rating was in danger of being downgraded because of the Plante administration’s financial record.
Coderre was asked what his definition of an “effective” mayor was, in reference to his campaign posters. He explained how a mayor must commit to assuming financial responsibility.
“What people want is to have someone who is able to manage finances, to raise billions of dollars,” he told Radio-Canada. “We are even on the verge of being downgraded in terms of credit.”
Montreal’s credit rating has not been and should not be lowered.
At the end of June, the credit agency DBRS Morningstar confirmed that it was maintaining the “A” rating of the city of Montreal. He cited “the city’s prudent fiscal framework, its large and well-diversified economic structure, relatively predictable income and tight control over spending.”
Standard & Poor also maintained the city’s “AA-” rating this year.
Coderre maintained his comments when questioned by CBC.
“It’s true,” he asserted. “It depends on which side you are on [on]. “
He pointed to Montreal’s accumulated spending and debt, and the fact that the province of Quebec provided additional funds, which he called “living with Quebec money”.
“It’s not a question of truth. It’s a question of perspective,” Coderre said.
Michael Yake, senior vice president of Moody’s Canada, said in an interview that while the credit agency is monitoring Montreal’s debt, it is not yet in degrading territory.
Ensemble Montréal leader Denis Coderre continues to accuse opponents of planning police funding 7:07
Moody’s gave the city an “Aa2” rating, the third highest possible rating, with a stable outlook. Montreal has held this score since 2015, when Coderre was mayor and before Plante was elected in 2017.
“If we thought there was a downgrade, we would have a negative outlook,” Yake said. “The fact that this is a stable outlook suggests that the note is there for the next 12-18 months.”
He said the debt burden would have to be 130% of the city’s revenue to trigger a downgrade. Currently, the city’s debt is around 110 percent and is expected to reach 120 percent.
“If this were to continue for several years, it could add to the downward pressure on the rating.”
Cycling deaths
At a press conference on his environmental policy at the end of September, Coderre was asked about a recent the death of the cyclist and its plans for cycling safety.
“Unfortunately, over the past four years there have been even more cyclist deaths,” he said.
This is not correct. The Plante administration was elected in the fall of 2017. According to the Montreal police, the number of bicycle fatalities in the city per year has since decreased, but not increased.
“Looking at the numbers, the number of deaths has decreased,” said Jean-François Rheault, President and CEO of the Vélo Québec cycling organization.
As for 2021, the SPVM said there have been three cycling fatalities in the city so far this year.
“The number of fatalities and serious injuries is dropping. It’s safer to cycle in Montreal than it was 10 years ago, ”said Rheault.
“[Coderre’s comments] implied that cycling may not be safe, which it is not. “
When asked if it was possible that Coderre simply misinterpreted the numbers, Rheault was firm.
“The numbers are pretty clear, so – no.”
Ensemble Montréal has not responded to repeated requests for comment on this statement.
A change of strategy
Sometimes Coderre backtracked in the municipal election.
At the start of the campaign, Coderre proposed a new ban on drinking in public parks after 8 p.m. After a public backlash, his party dropped the proposal.
At a press conference on Truth and Reconciliation Day last month, Coderre announced he would restore a statue of John A. Macdonald to Canada Place downtown. The statue was famous shot by protesters last year.
Coderre then clarified his position, saying he would not put the statue back in the same spot on an elevated platform.
Even on questions that do not fall under public order, Coderre has made mistakes. At the same press conference, he was asked why he attributed a quote in his book, Find Montreal, to Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel when that is not correct.
“No, no, no, no. Elie Wiesel said [it]”, Coderre replied at the time.
The quote – “those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it” – is largely attributed to the philosopher George Santayana, not Wiesel.
“[Politicians] aren’t perfect, ”said Harold Chorney, professor of political science at Concordia.
“They make mistakes and sometimes they don’t tell the truth. You could say, out of charity, most of the time, that they don’t tell the truth by mistake – rather than deliberately lying.”
Valérie Plante and Projet Montréal are not immune to false declarations.
The Plante administration claimed to have exceeded its goal of building 6,000 affordable housing units in four years, but in June 2020, the Auditor General of Montreal found that the city’s AccèsLogis program had not produced any completed and inhabited housing.
However, Plante does not seem to have the same propensity for boastfulness as Coderre.
Chorney described it as “a more efficient calculator of the right thing to say”.
Despite that, he said those moments could also work to Coderre’s advantage.
“He’s gregarious, you know? Pat on the shoulder, pat on the back. ‘How are you?'” Said Chorney. “He can be charming. I mean, that’s part of its appeal.
Being upfront and speaking out of the blue is part of that charm, he said.
But Danielle Pilette, an associate professor at the University of Quebec at Montreal (UQAM) who studies municipal governance, said Coderre’s comments are part of a broader strategy.
She said Coderre had proposed large, large-scale projects for Montreal and “justified these projects with a negative view of the current state of the city, in terms of city finances, city security, and et cetera, ”she told CBC.
However, when the strategy did not seem to bear fruit, she said the ex-mayor appears to have changed course for a different kind of campaign.
“Now Coderre must play on the same political ground as [Plante], which includes green spaces, quality of life and affordable housing. “Carlos González #27
- RF
- B/T: L/L
- 6' 1"/220
2019 Stats
MLB Career Stats
Carlos González Bio
- Fullname: Carlos Eduardo González
- Nickname: CarGo
- Born: 10/17/1985 in Maracaibo, Venezuela
- High School: Liceo Udon Perez, Maracaibo, VEN
- Debut: 5/30/2008
News
Every Rockies player to win NL batting title
D-backs' all-time best international signings
Rockies' best single-game hitting displays
Carlos González drives in two on a single to right
Awards
MID Player of the Week
MID Mid-Season All-Star
MID Most Valuable Player
MID Post-Season All-Star
MID Prospect of the Year
Baseball America Low Class A All-Star
CAL Player of the Week
Futures Game Selection
CAL Post-Season All-Star
Baseball America High Class A All-Star
PCL League Championship Most Valuable Player
NL Player of the Week
MLB Players Choice NL Outstanding Player
MLB Players Choice Player of the Year
Rawlings NL Gold Glove
NL Silver Slugger
Breakout Everyday Player of the Year MLB.com Award
Home Run Derby Participant
NL All-Star
Wilson Team Defensive Player of the Year
NL Player of the Month
+ View More Awards
League Rankings
Triples
Stolen Bases
Runs
Doubles
Home Runs
Strikeouts
Hits
Batting Average
At Bats
On Base Percentage
Slugging Percentage
On Base Plus Slugging
Caught Stealing
Total Bases
Runs Batted In
Hit By Pitch
Games Played
+ View More Rankings
Latest Transactions
+ View More TransactionsAlani Nu
Crafted with fantastic flavour and feel-good enjoyment at the forefront, Alani Nutrition's premium, fully-disclosed formulas feature only the best, research-backed, quality-assured ingredients, hand selected by Katy Hearn and Haydn Schneider (the inspirational couple at the helm here) and the Alani Nutrition team; without fillers or gimmicks, Alani Nu have set about their mission to improve both your performance and your health, including everything you need (and nothing you don't!) - whether you're male or female - to crush a workout and feel great day in, day out.
One of the USA's fastest growing lifestyle nutrition brands, Alani Nu's 1000s of positive reviews and glowing testimonials are very well-deserved and we welcome any range of products in the UK - and at The Protein Pick and Mix - that look and, most importantly, taste this good. From their sweet, smooth Whey and Plant Protein shakes to the many flavours of their Pre-Workout and their constantly expanding wellness range, we're sure you're quickly understand why we, and several crazy popular fitness influencers like Nikki Blacketter and Whitney Simmons, are such big fans!I will never, ever, ever, ever, ever buy anything from Abercrombie and Fitch, and I will tell all of my friends to boycott them forever.
And burn down the stores when possible, but that part's optional (obviously - most people don't carry arson supplies on their person, even you guys).I just wanna thank Kerri and Dr Wenzel for looking after me while I was in the hospital. I actually emerged from the slammer sicker than when I went in and I have a lot of recovering to do.The virus or (whatever it was) ,kicked my butt. Oh Yes, And I’m definitively Allergic to Propofol.
I’ll write about the whole sorted affair after I start to feel human again.
14 thoughts on “Out on Parole, But still sick as a dog”
Ich, sounds terrible, a virus and a newfound allergy?? Sending healing hugs : ) Get well soon
Hi Daneille, YEah I think the virus- from -hell would be a suitable name.
Hoping you feel human soon…..what a way to start the new year, huh? 2010 needs to go easier on you from here on out.
Welcome home, Steve!
Thanks for everything Kerri! I was good to talk with someone who understands!
You're most welcome! Next time we connect, we'll have to make sure it's under better circumstances, yes? 🙂
I am sending mucho positivity vibes over there. And filtering out our freaking cold weather and my own icky germs so you only get the good stuff.
Also, I agree with Cris. Skip winter.
holy shit, did they tube you??? wow… glad you're out tho.
maybe winter isn't good for you. maybe you should skip winter from now on.
love the new comment posting area. very nice.
Thanks Cris, I might just take you up on the “no winters” anymore. And yet they tubed me (my 16th intubation) Right now I have the worse flu ever.
Glad to hear that you're home again. Hope you're better soon.
I'm glad to hear about your release. I hope you recover quickly.
Glad to hear you're out of the slammer. Get well soon, so you can get back to your walking.
Hi Stephen: Glad you're back home and hope you're on the mend soon. Keep on keep on!
hey steve….glad your out but sorry your still not feeling great. hope those lumngs pick up soon. must be some super flu you got. hugs to you x
welcome back!!! to the living maybe how much prednisone???? i thought you had taken profolo????? any well rest easy we're thinkin of you marshTag: Discourage Search Engines
“My Developer Ruined My Site’s SEO”: Three Huge SEO Mistakes and How to Avoid Them
Far too often, a developer comes in to “modernize” a site—and ends up wrecking a thriving online business by ruining its SEO..Abstract β.
Babu, M. et al. Interaction landscape of membrane-protein complexes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae . Nature 489, 585–589 (2012).
- 2
Typas, A. & Sourjik, V. Bacterial protein networks: properties and functions. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 13, 559–572 (2015).
- 3
Hurdle, J.G., O'Neill, A.J., Chopra, I. & Lee, R.E. Targeting bacterial membrane function: an underexploited mechanism for treating persistent infections. Nat. Rev. Microbiol. 9, 62–75 (2011).
- 4
Hagan, C.L., Silhavy, T.J. & Kahne, D. β-Barrel membrane protein assembly by the Bam complex. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 80, 189–210 (2011).
- 5
Whitfield, C. & Trent, M.S. Biosynthesis and export of bacterial lipopolysaccharides. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 83, 99–128 (2014).
- 6
Díaz-Mejía, J.J., Babu, M. & Emili, A. Computational and experimental approaches to chart the Escherichia coli cell-envelope-associated proteome and interactome. FEMS Microbiol. Rev. 33, 66–97 (2009).
- 7
Butland, G. et al. Interaction network containing conserved and essential protein complexes in Escherichia coli . Nature 433, 531–537 (2005).
- 8
Hu, P. et al. Global functional atlas of Escherichia coli encompassing previously uncharacterized proteins. PLoS Biol. 7, e96 (2009).
- 9
Nichols, R.J. et al. Phenotypic landscape of a bacterial cell. Cell 144, 143–156 (2011).
- 10
Babu, M. et al. Genetic interaction maps in Escherichia coli reveal functional crosstalk among cell envelope biogenesis pathways. PLoS Genet. 7, e1002377 (2011).
- 11
Armean, I.M., Lilley, K.S. & Trotter, M.W. Popular computational methods to assess multiprotein complexes derived from label-free affinity purification and mass spectrometry (AP-MS) experiments. Mol. Cell. Proteomics 12, 1–13 (2013).
- 12
Varjosalo, M. et al. Interlaboratory reproducibility of large-scale human protein-complex analysis by standardized AP-MS. Nat. Methods 10, 307–314 (2013).
- 13
Kim, S. & Pevzner, P.A.M.S.-G.F. MS-GF+ makes progress towards a universal database search tool for proteomics. Nat. Commun. 5, 5277 (2014).
- 14
Lee, I., Date, S.V., Adai, A.T. & Marcotte, E.M. A probabilistic functional network of yeast genes. Science 306, 1555–1558 (2004).
- 15
Sowa, M.E., Bennett, E.J., Gygi, S.P. & Harper, J.W. Defining the human deubiquitinating enzyme interaction landscape. Cell 138, 389–403 (2009).
- 16
Guruharsha, K.G. et al. A protein complex network of Drosophila melanogaster . Cell 147, 690–703 (2011).
- 17
Orchard, S. et al. The MIntAct project--IntAct as a common curation platform for 11 molecular interaction databases. Nucleic Acids Res. 42, D358–D363 (2014).
- 18
Arifuzzaman, M. et al. Large-scale identification of protein-protein interaction of Escherichia coli K-12. Genome Res. 16, 686–691 (2006).
- 19
Rajagopala, S.V. et al. The binary protein-protein interaction landscape of Escherichia coli . Nat. Biotechnol. 32, 285–290 (2014).
- 20
Szklarczyk, D. et al. STRING v10: protein-protein interaction networks, integrated over the tree of life. Nucleic Acids Res. 43, D447–D452 (2015).
- 21
Vlasblom, J. et al. Novel function discovery with GeneMANIA: a new integrated resource for gene function prediction in Escherichia coli . Bioinformatics 31, 306–310 (2015).
- 22
Rodionova, I.A. et al. The phosphocarrier protein HPr of the bacterial phosphotransferase system globally regulates energy metabolism by directly interacting with multiple enzymes in Escherichia coli . J. Biol. Chem. 292, 14250–14257 (2017).
- 23
Wang, J.Z., Du, Z., Payattakool, R., Yu, P.S. & Chen, C.F. A new method to measure the semantic similarity of GO terms. Bioinformatics 23, 1274–1281 (2007).
- 24
Babu, M. et al. Quantitative genome-wide genetic interaction screens reveal global epistatic relationships of protein complexes in Escherichia coli . PLoS Genet. 10, e1004120 (2014).
- 25
Kumar, A. et al. Conditional epistatic interaction maps reveal global functional rewiring of genome integrity pathways in Escherichia coli . Cell Reports 14, 648–661 (2016).
- 26
Wan, C. et al. Panorama of ancient metazoan macromolecular complexes. Nature 525, 339–344 (2015).
- 27
Havugimana, P.C. et al. A census of human soluble protein complexes. Cell 150, 1068–1081 (2012).
- 28
Mogk, A., Huber, D. & Bukau, B. Integrating protein homeostasis strategies in prokaryotes. Cold Spring Harb. Perspect. Biol. 3, a004366 (2011).
- 29
Pinske, C. et al. Physiology and bioenergetics of [NiFe]-hydrogenase 2-catalyzed H2-consuming and H2-producing reactions in Escherichia coli . J. Bacteriol. 197, 296–306 (2015).
- 30
Wang, Y. et al. A supercomplex spanning the inner and outer membranes mediates the biogenesis of β-barrel outer membrane proteins in bacteria. J. Biol. Chem. 291, 16720–16729 (2016).
- 31
Leung, H.C., Xiang, Q., Yiu, S.M. & Chin, F.Y. Predicting protein complexes from PPI data: a core-attachment approach. J. Comput. Biol. 16, 133–144 (2009).
- 32
Moraes, T.F. & Reithmeier, R.A. Membrane transport metabolons. Biochim. Biophys. Acta 1818, 2687–2706 (2012).
- 33
Charbit, A., Reizer, J. & Saier, M.H. Jr. Function of the duplicated IIB domain and oligomeric structure of the fructose permease of Escherichia coli . J. Biol. Chem. 271, 9997–10003 (1996).
- 34
Kim, H.M., Park, Y.H., Yoon, C.K. & Seok, Y.J. Histidine phosphocarrier protein regulates pyruvate kinase A activity in response to glucose in Vibrio vulnificus. Mol. Microbiol. 96, 293–305 (2015).
- 35).
- 36
Petrarca, P., Ammendola, S., Pasquali, P. & Battistoni, A. The Zur-regulated ZinT protein is an auxiliary component of the high-affinity ZnuABC zinc transporter that facilitates metal recruitment during severe zinc shortage. J. Bacteriol. 192, 1553–1564 (2010).
- 37
Pandey, R. et al. MntR(Rv2788): a transcriptional regulator that controls manganese homeostasis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Mol. Microbiol. 98, 1168–1183 (2015).
- 38
Horazdovsky, B.F. & Hogg, R.W. Genetic reconstitution of the high-affinity L-arabinose transport system. J. Bacteriol. 171, 3053–3059 (1989).
- 39
Brown, E.D. & Wright, G.D. Antibacterial drug discovery in the resistance era. Nature 529, 336–343 (2016).
- 40
Selkrig, J. et al. Discovery of an archetypal protein transport system in bacterial outer membranes. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 19, 506–510, S1 (2012).
- 41
Gruss, F. et al. The structural basis of autotransporter translocation by TamA. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 20, 1318–1320 (2013).
- 42
Heinz, E., Selkrig, J., Belousoff, M.J. & Lithgow, T. Evolution of the Translocation and Assembly Module (TAM). Genome Biol. Evol. 7, 1628–1643 (2015).
- 43
Henderson, I.R. & Owen, P. The major phase-variable outer membrane protein of Escherichia coli structurally resembles the immunoglobulin A1 protease class of exported protein and is regulated by a novel mechanism involving Dam and oxyR. J. Bacteriol. 181, 2132–2141 (1999).
- 44
Malinverni, J.C. & Silhavy, T.J. An ABC transport system that maintains lipid asymmetry in the gram-negative outer membrane. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 106, 8009–8014 (2009).
- 45
Dong, H. et al. Structural insights into cardiolipin transfer from the Inner membrane to the outer membrane by PbgA in Gram-negative bacteria. Sci. Rep. 6, 30815 (2016).
- 46
Caufield, J.H., Abreu, M., Wimble, C. & Uetz, P. Protein complexes in bacteria. PLOS Comput. Biol. 11, e1004107 (2015).
- 47
Ostlund, G. et al. InParanoid 7: new algorithms and tools for eukaryotic orthology analysis. Nucleic Acids Res. 38, D196–D203 (2010).
- 48
Lan, G., Schulmeister, S., Sourjik, V. & Tu, Y. Adapt locally and act globally: strategy to maintain high chemoreceptor sensitivity in complex environments. Mol. Syst. Biol. 7, 475 (2011).
- 49
Cuthbertson, L., Mainprize, I.L., Naismith, J.H. & Whitfield, C. Pivotal roles of the outer membrane polysaccharide export and polysaccharide copolymerase protein families in export of extracellular polysaccharides in gram-negative bacteria. Microbiol. Mol. Biol. Rev. 73, 155–177 (2009).
- 50
Nadler, C. et al. Cycling of Etk and Etp phosphorylation states is involved in formation of group 4 capsule by Escherichia coli . PLoS One 7, e37984 (2012).
- 51
Käll, L., Krogh, A. & Sonnhammer, E.L. A combined transmembrane topology and signal peptide prediction method. J. Mol. Biol. 338, 1027–1036 (2004).
- 52
Hayat, S., Peters, C., Shu, N., Tsirigos, K.D. & Elofsson, A. Inclusion of dyad-repeat pattern improves topology prediction of transmembrane β-barrel proteins. Bioinformatics 32, 1571–1573 (2016).
- 53
Petersen, T.N., Brunak, S., von Heijne, G. & Nielsen, H. SignalP 4.0: discriminating signal peptides from transmembrane regions. Nat. Methods 8, 785–786 (2011).
- 54
Orfanoudaki, G. & Economou, A. Proteome-wide subcellular topologies of E. coli polypeptides database (STEPdb). Mol. Cell. Proteomics 13, 3674–3687 (2014).
- 55
Horler, R.S., Butcher, A., Papangelopoulos, N., Ashton, P.D. & Thomas, G.H. EchoLOCATION: an in silico analysis of the subcellular locations of Escherichia coli proteins and comparison with experimentally derived locations. Bioinformatics 25, 163–166 (2009).
- 56
Babu, M. et al. Sequential peptide affinity purification system for the systematic isolation and identification of protein complexes from Escherichia coli . Methods Mol. Biol. 564, 373–400 (2009).
- 57
Butland, G. et al. eSGA: E. coli synthetic genetic array analysis. Nat. Methods 5, 789–795 (2008).
- 58
Baba, T. et al. Construction of Escherichia coli K-12 in-frame, single-gene knockout mutants: the Keio collection. Mol. Syst. Biol. 2, 0008 (2006).
- 59
Datsenko, K.A. & Wanner, B.L. One-step inactivation of chromosomal genes in Escherichia coli K-12 using PCR products. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 97, 6640–6645 (2000).
- 60
Zhang, Z. et al. Functional characterization of the heterooligomeric EbrAB multidrug efflux transporter of Bacillus subtilis . Biochemistry 46, 5218–5225 (2007).
- 61
Lutz, R. & Bujard, H. Independent and tight regulation of transcriptional units in Escherichia coli via the LacR/O, the TetR/O and AraC/I1-I2 regulatory elements. Nucleic Acids Res. 25, 1203–1210 (1997).
- 62
Klumpp, S., Zhang, Z. & Hwa, T. Growth rate-dependent global effects on gene expression in bacteria. Cell 139, 1366–1375 (2009).
- 63
Subramanian, A. et al. Gene set enrichment analysis: a knowledge-based approach for interpreting genome-wide expression profiles. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 102, 15545–15550 (2005).
- 64
Xu, Z. & Hao, B. CVTree update: a newly designed phylogenetic study platform using composition vectors and whole genomes. Nucleic Acids Res. 37, W174–W178 (2009).
- 65
Boc, A., Diallo, A.B. & Makarenkov, V. T-REX: a web server for inferring, validating and visualizing phylogenetic trees and networks. Nucleic Acids Res. 40, W573–W579 (2012).
- 66
Remm, M., Storm, C.E. & Sonnhammer, E.L. Automatic clustering of orthologs and in-paralogs from pairwise species comparisons. J. Mol. Biol. 314, 1041–1052 (2001).
- 67
Kitagawa, M. et al. Complete set of ORF clones of Escherichia coli ASKA library (a complete set of E. coli K-12 ORF archive): unique resources for biological research. DNA Res. 12, 291–299 (2005).
- 68
Bligh, E.G. & Dyer, W.J. A rapid method of total lipid extraction and purification. Can. J. Biochem. Physiol. 37, 911–917 (1959).
- 69
Oursel, D. et al. Lipid composition of membranes of Escherichia coli by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry using negative electrospray ionization. Rapid Commun. Mass Spectrom. 21, 1721–1728 (2007).
- 70
Garrett, T.A., O'Neill, A.C. & Hopson, M.L. Quantification of cardiolipin molecular species in Escherichia coli lipid extracts using liquid chromatography/electrospray ionization mass spectrometry. Rapid Commun. Mass Spectrom. 26, 2267–2274 (2012).
- 71
Tyurina, Y.Y. et al. Characterization of cardiolipins and their oxidation products by LC-MS analysis. Chem. Phys. Lipids 179, 3–10 (2014).
- 72
Hsu, F.F. & Turk, J. Characterization of cardiolipin as the sodiated ions by positive-ion electrospray ionization with multiple stage quadrupole ion-trap mass spectrometry. J. Am. Soc. Mass Spectrom. 17, 1146–1157 (2006).
- 73
van den Ent, F. & Löwe, J. RF cloning: a restriction-free method for inserting target genes into plasmids. J. Biochem. Biophys. Methods 67, 67–74 (2006).
- 74
Charbonneau, M.E., Berthiaume, F. & Mourez, M. Proteolytic processing is not essential for multiple functions of the Escherichia coli autotransporter adhesin involved in diffuse adherence (AIDA-I). J. Bacteriol. 188, 8504–8512 (2006).
- 75
Côté, J.P., Charbonneau, M.E. & Mourez, M. Glycosylation of the Escherichia coli TibA self-associating autotransporter influences the conformation and the functionality of the protein. PLoS One 8, e80739 (2013).
- 76
Heise, T. & Dersch, P. Identification of a domain in Yersinia virulence factor YadA that is crucial for extracellular matrix-specific cell adhesion and uptake. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 103, 3375–3380 (2006).
Acknowledgements
We thank T. Silhavy, C. Whitfield, J.P. Côté, M. Mourez and P. Dersch for generously providing plasmids and reagents. We are also grateful to R. Reithmeier and M. Jessulat (Babu Lab) for advice. This work was supported by grants from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research to J.F.G., J.P. and A.E. (MOP-106449), J.P., A.E. and M.B. (PJT -148831) and T.F.M. (MOP-115182); the Ontario Ministry of Education and Innovation to T.F.M. and A.E.; the National Institutes of Health to P.U., M.H.S. and A.E. (GM109895); the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada to T.F.M. (DG-40197), A.Go. (DG-315735), J.P. (DG-06664), and M.B. (DG-20234); and the Canada Foundation for Innovation to T.F.M., M.B. and A.E.
Ethics declarations
Competing interests
The authors declare no competing financial interests.
Integrated supplementary information
Supplementary Figure 1 Evaluation and recovery of endogenous SPA-tagged E. coli cell envelope proteins (CEPs).
(a) Detergent solubilization of SPA-tagged CEPs. Immunoblots showing representative set of inner membrane proteins (IMPs), outer membrane proteins (OMPs), and periplasmic proteins (PEPs) in various indicated detergents. Detergent extraction efficiency was estimated from the immunoblot results by comparing total recovery (anti-FLAG antibody used to detect tagged bait CEPs) of SPA-tagged CEP with (i) and without (w/o; ii) detergent, and the relative band signal intensity was reported in terms of percentile (iii). Triton, C12E8 and DDM highlighted by a dashed rectangular box (i) was deemed to be effective for the CEPs tested in a pilot optimization study. Detailed description of the detergents are shown in Supplementary Table 5 and Supplementary Note 1. (b) Silver-stained SDS polyacrylamide gels (i) portraying bacterial proteins identified by mass spectrometry (MS) after solubilization and affinity purification in the presence of detergents indicated for a TonB energy transducing (ExbB) SPA-tagged CEP. Distinct gel bands representing putative polypeptide subunits of the purified ExbB protein were analyzed by in-gel trypsin digestion followed by MALDI-TOF MS; protein identities are indicated with arrows. Asterisk indicates tagged CEP bait recovery (as detected by MALDI-TOF MS) in the presence of 3 different detergents is shown along with a control, emphasizing that the ExbB bait was not recovered in the absence of detergent. Known interactions of ExbB, including ExbD, FecA, FepE and FhuA that were captured in at least one of the 3 detergents are shown. Additional previously known ExbB interactions missed by MALDI-TOF MS but identified in our LC-MS/MS (ii) are shown with their corresponding spectral count (SPC) from SEQUEST and MS ID probability score (%) from STATQUEST algorithms. (c) Immunoprecipitations (IP) on detergent-solubilized extracts isolated from the indicated SPA-tagged CEPs. Anti-FLAG antibody was used to detect the tagged bait CEPs. Untagged or wild-type (WT) DY330 parental strain (1,2) served as negative control; wash, protein extract not bound to the beads after 3rd washing with and w/o the detergent; and EB, protein bound to the beads after elution. Asterisk indicates the bait recovery with strong signal intensity in the presence of DDM solubilized extracts. Molecular masses (kDa) of the marker (M) proteins are indicated. (d) Tagged CEPs (annotated and orphan) vs all E. coli soluble proteins (SPs) showing links to drug sensitivity from the large-scale phenomics screen (Nichols et al., 2011).
Supplementary Figure 2 Data quality and cell envelope proteins (CEPs) recovery (coverage).
(a) Affinity-purified 290 SPA-tagged CEPs (shown in % out of 785 baits tested) from multiple biological replicates (right) of late log-phase E. coli cultures grown in rich media, and 495 baits that were subjected to AP/MS once (left) in the presence of 1 to 3 different detergents. (b-e) Number of tagged and successfully purified CEPs (based on bait recovery from MS) is plotted per compartment (log10 scale; b), as well as against protein abundance (expressed in log10 ppm; c), transmembrane α-helix (TMH; d-i) or ß-barrel (d-ii) and Pfam domain (e). IMPs, inner membrane proteins; OMPs, outer membrane proteins; IM, inner membrane; OM, outer membrane; PE, periplasm; LPI, inner lipoprotein; LPO, outer lipoprotein; EC, extracellular; MR, membrane-related.
Supplementary Figure 3 Assessing quality and benchmarking cell envelope protein-protein interactions (cePPIs) in the network.
(a) Proportion of PPIs from each bait CEP filtered at different peptide identification probability score cut-off from SEQUEST/STATQUEST algorithm is plotted against the known interactions curated in EcoCyc. (b) Coverage and accuracy in benchmarking cePPI against reference EcoCyc PPI data set; p-value (ΣLLS vs other scores) computed by Mann-Whitney test and corrected for multiple hypotheses testing using Benjamin and Hochberg. (c) Fraction of interaction partners from E. coli CEPs vs non-CEPs; p-value by Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. (d) Average gene ontology (GO) semantic similarity of the putatively interacting CEPs from this study (CE network) vs other published studies. P-value significance (computed by Student's t-test) between CE network vs other studies for biological processes or cellular component GO annotations are shown with asterisk. (e) Box plots showing the Pearson correlation coefficients of the genetic interaction (GI) profiles for pairs of cePPIs compiled from the indicated E. coli studies vs randomly (Rand) drawn protein pairs; p-value by Student's t-test. (f) Physically interacting CEPs hypersensitive to drugs targeting the CE or different processes; p-value by Student's t-test. (g) Assessment of performance measures by comparing the area-under-the curve (AUC) for interactions that are deemed high confidence (HC) and/or medium confidence (MC). “All” refers to HC+MC cePPIs, as well as from previously reported large-scale (Butland et al., 2005; Hu et al., 2009, and Rajagopala et al., 2014) E. coli studies (using 5-fold cross validation), in benchmarking against cePPIs from curated EcoCyc protein complexes.
Supplementary Figure 4 Biochemical fractionation coupled to mass spectrometry (BF/MS) strategy to identify E. coli cePPIs.
(a) Schematic showing the identification of PPIs from BF/MS and selection criteria used to filter the dataset to verify the reliability of the predicted cePPIs from AP/MS. (b) Detergent solubilized CEPs extracted from E. coli using 0.020% Triton and, separately, 0.05% DDM (below the critical micelle concentration for each detergent) were fractionated into 84 biochemical fractions using size-exclusion chromatography (SEC-HPLC), proteolytically digested and the resulting peptides analyzed, in duplicate, by precision tandem MS. Hierarchical clustering of co-eluting proteins from SEC-HPLC identified by LC-MS/MS. Shading indicates spectral counts (SPC) recorded by LC-MS/MS. (c) Performance (true positive rate, TPR, vs false positive rate, FPR) of cePPI scoring algorithms (co-apex; weighted cross-correlation, WCC; Pearson correlation coefficient, PCC) that calculates correlation measures between all possible pairs of proteins to capture their tendency to co-elute was used to select a threshold cut-off for each score based on capture of curated cePPIs derived from EcoCyc (area-under-the curve; AUC). (d) Pearson correlation (r = 0.8) profiles between Triton (red) and DDM (blue) detergent solubilized proteins (extracted from cultured E. coli membranes) identified by tandem MS is plotted using normalized spectral counts. (e) Independent testing of cePPI pairs by (i) yeast (Y2H) or bacterial (B2H) two-hybrid assays, and (ii) B2H-based β-galactosidase activity (miller units represented as mean ± SD from at least three biological replicates); dashed line indicates background signal, p-value according to Student's t-test.
Supplementary Figure 5 Properties of cell envelope protein (CEP) interaction network.
(a) Number of essential CEPs and/or those targeted by drugs are annotated to various subcellular compartments. (b) Degree connectivity of essential vs non-essential CEPs; p-value by Student's t-test. (c) Fraction of CEPs conserved to various degrees across 412 proteobacterial species. (d) Mean degree distribution of CEPs annotated to various subcellular compartments. (e) Co-localization (i) and distribution (ii) of CEP interacting partners within the same or different sub-cellular compartments; p-value by Student's t-test. IM, inner membrane; OM, outer membrane; PE, periplasm; MR, membrane-related; LPI, inner lipoprotein; LPO, outer lipoprotein; EC, extracellular space; CY, cytoplasm.
Supplementary Figure 6 Assessment of multi-protein complexes (MPCs) predicted via core-attachment algorithm.
(a) Size distribution of the predicted MPCs. (b) Number of predicted complexes containing a CEP that overlap with an EcoCyc complex. Each MPC is binned according to the maximum overlap of the predicted complex with an EcoCyc complex. (c) Binary interactions tested by yeast two-hybrid (Y2H) and/or bacterial two-hybrid (B2H) assays (bridged by one or more intermediates in the protein complexes derived from AP/MS experiments. We show mapping of 88 binary PPIs (purple dotted edges) tested to 103 putative MPCs, where 26 PPIs bridged within 25 complexes, and 75 between 85 complexes.
Supplementary Figure 7 Membrane-or transport-associated metabolons.
(a) Allosteric activation of PykF by HPr. Steady-state kinetics of PykF was determined as a function of the phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP; 0.5 to 8 mM) in the absence (circles; i) and presence (triangles; i) of 1uM HPr. The resultant kinetic parameters are presented in Table 1 (ii). The effect of varying concentrations of dephospho-HPr (triangles; iii) on PykF activity, P-HPr (circles) using a concentration of PEP 0.4 mM (1.5 mM). (b) Overview of PPIs observed within the indicated ABC transport-associated metabolon system. Each transport metabolon system (a-k) is designated with a three letter designation, followed by preferred substrate in parentheses. The two vertical parallel lines separating the inner membrane (IM) with cytoplasm (CY) or periplasm (PE) is shown schematically. The letter presented in each subcellular compartment indicates the last letter of the protein subunit name. For example, ArtM, ArtP and ArtQ (panel a) are indicated as M, P and Q, respectively; and the letter 'S' in PE denotes binding solute. In panel j, MFP refers to the membrane fusion protein, and in panel k, only the presence of core ABC exporter is shown. The ΣLLS score (≥ 5.27) between two interconnected subunits is represented in each rectangle. (c) Interactions among the housekeeping dipeptide permease (Dpp) subunits. (d) Interactions within and between the two symmetrical Zinc (ZinT, ZnuABC) and the arabinose (AraFGH) ABC transporter systems. (e) Polycistronic bacterial operons encompassing transport proteins and enzymes that metabolize the imported substrates. Structures are shown for potential GlpF (PDB ID: 1LDA) transporter and GlpX (PDB ID: 1NI9) enzyme complexes, while for others no structural information available.
Supplementary Figure 8 TamA/BamA structural homology and TamB production of mature/functional Ag43 on the cell surface.
(a) Crystal structures of the insertase domains of BamA (pdb entry 4C4V, cyan) and TamA (pdb entry 4C00, green) solved from E. coli. The extracellular loop 6 is drawn in magenta, and the conserved VRGY motif required for the function of the translocases from Omp85 family is shown in stick representation. BamA and TamA belong to the Omp85 family and share a similar fold mechanism. Their β-barrel domains reveal an unusual cracked-barrel architecture created by the lack of H-bonds between strands 1 and 16 that are loosely associated to create access from the barrel lumen to the hydrophobic lipid phase. As well, their cracked-barrel architecture is suggested to promote a lateral opening of the β-barrel to insert OMP within the membrane (Noinaj et al., Nature, 501, 385-390, 2013). (b) (i) Transmission-electron micrograph showing immunogold-labelling of His-tagged Ag43 autotransporters on the surface (dots are demarcated in arrows; zoom-in of the dot shown in top right panel) of wild-type (WT), ΔtamA and ΔtamB E. coli cells previously transformed with an empty or Ag43 expressing plasmids; scale bar, 100 nm. (ii) Full electron micrographs of the indicated strains observed at a magnification of 40,000 x 1.5; scale bar, 300 nm. (c, d) Release of α-Ag43 fragment from the bacterial cell surface under thermal denaturation. The supernatant preparations from heat-treated bacterium (incubated at 25 or 55 °C for 5 min) were loaded onto SDS-PAGE (c) and analyzed using MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry (observed masses listed in d; n.d. for not detected). (e) Mass determination of the heat-released Ag43 passenger domain from the bacterial surface. Supernatant fractions following a 5 min incubation at 55 °C of WT (top and middle) and ΔtamB (bottom) E. coli cells analyzed using MALDI-TOF to detect Ag43 α-domain release from the bacterial cell surface under thermal denaturation.
Supplementary Figure 9 Multi-protein complex (MPC) conservation.
(a) Phylogenetic tree (i) based on the comparison of the complete proteomes of 20 different bacteria that were closely related to E. coli. Evolutionary conservation of PPIs (ii) based on the co-occurrence of CEP (or those that are essential) orthologs across diverse bacterial species; bars scaled relative to actual species CEP counts; *p-value by Student's t-test. (b) Fraction of conserved subunits of the 540 predicted MPCs across diverse classes of bacteria, with orthologs of E. coli subunits of the sulfonate-sulfur utilization (black dashed line in the heatmap) complex (ID 107) shown as an example.
Supplementary Figure 10 Overlap of cePPIs between paralogs.
(a) Distribution of the fraction of shared interaction partners between paralog (blue) vs random (red) pairs. (b) Average connectivity of paralogs with shared interaction partners vs those without shared partners; p-value by Student's t-test. (c, d) Scatterplot showing the shared interaction partners between paralogs based on the sequence similarity (c) and normalized fold difference of protein abundance (d). (e) Sub-networks showing the shared (dotted line) or unique (thick line) interaction partners with paralogs of the (i) methyl-accepting chemotaxis receptors, (ii) RND-family pumps, as well as (iii) OM capsule polysaccharide exporter and inner membrane (IM) tyrosine protein kinases.
Supplementary information
Supplementary Text and Figures
Supplementary Figures 1–10 (PDF 2287 kb)
Supplementary Table 1
Classification of the E. coli proteome and target cell envelope protein selection for AP/MS screens (XLSX 1320 kb)
Supplementary Table 2
Co-purifying protein pairs compiled from reference Ecoyc database and from this study (XLSX 3336 kb)
Supplementary Table 3
The physiological relevance and quality of PPIs by anecdotal supporting evidence, drug sensitivity profiles, and two-hybrid screens (XLSX 632 kb)
Supplementary Table 4
Putative (or novel) CEP complexes and their subunits identified by the core-attachment based clustering algorithm are indicated with their respective topology model (XLSX 451 kb)
Supplementary Table 5
Antibiotic susceptibility, evolutionary conservation, and paralogous analyses on CEPs or complexes, and bacterial strains/plasmids used in this study (XLSX 4185 kb)
Rights and permissions
About this article
Cite this article
Babu, M., Bundalovic-Torma, C., Calmettes, C. et al. Global landscape of cell envelope protein complexes in Escherichia coli. Nat Biotechnol 36, 103–112 (2018).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
Issue Date:
DOI:
Further reading
Large-scale discovery of protein interactions at residue resolution using co-evolution calculated from genomic sequences
Nature Communications (2021)
Population-wide diversity and stability of serum antibody epitope repertoires against human microbiota
Nature Medicine (2021)
Identification of protein complexes and functional modules in E. coli PPI networks
BMC Microbiology (2020)
The functional proteome landscape of Escherichia coli
Nature (2020)
A systems approach to infectious disease
Nature Reviews Genetics (2020)Any suggestions on how to fix this would be much appreciated! I have a CR1000 that is interfaced to an RF451 and communicates via CSIO and a SC932A. Data is telemetered via a repeater to a base station (both RF451) and an NL200 Network Link Interface. The CR1000 is running Std.32.05. There are CR1000X loggers and RF451's on the same network running OS Std.05.01. The NL200 OS is NL200.10.03. The firmware versions on the radios are 10.7.04 and RF451.01.01.
The logger in question recently had a new program uploaded while on site. I collected the .tdf file and loaded into the loggernet server that contacts the NL200. I tried multiple times (automated on a schedule) over 3-4 day period to connect to the logger with no luck. I would always get a Table Defs Suspect error... and no connection.
I know there were good radio communications because I could monitor the connection via freewave diagnostic software and could poll and collect radio settings and stats.
Something happened though and I have lost all connection to the logger and the radio as well. (The logger was programmed to turn the radio on and off at certain times during the day). The only thing that changed in the program that was loaded was to add an option to set a flag to turn the radio on more often than in the previous program- nothing else.
In "Setup" in my loggernet server when I go to the "Program" tab I see a Last Compile Results date that was 4 days after the site visit when the program was loaded and I have the following error
CR1000 Warning: Watchdog timer IP Panic triggered.
CPU:MYPROGRAM.CR1 -- Compiled in SequentialMode.
Any ideas what to do? This is in a pretty remote location requiring a multi-day trip for site access and only for another couple weeks before there is too much snow for easy access.
I could potentially schedule a site visit but need some direction on what to do
swap in logger? upgrade OS? I know it does have a good lithium battery -
There is nothing in the CR1000 manual about the IP Panic error but it is mentioned in the CR1000X manual
Many thanks!Limassol, 16. – 18.10.2018
UPTIME 2nd General Assembly in Limassol, Cyprus
2nd General Assembly of UPTIME, hosted by SUITE5, took place in Limassol from 16th to 18th October 2018. Technical demonstration of the UPTIME components and their implementation in the three business cases were presented. Integration of the components into the UPTIME predictive maintenance platform is progressing according to the development roadmap of UPTIME. First iteration of the platform is to be expected ready for a pilot test beginning of next year.
Workshops on exploitation, community management, and standardisation were held aiming at developing a roadmap for future commercialisation of the platform.
Project’s achievements within the 1st year of the project implementation was presented not only to consortium partners, but also to two advisory board members of UPTIME, who participated and actively contributed in the discussions. The consortium has received valuable feedbacks, insights and recommendations on both technical and business aspects from the advisory board, Gash Bhullar, Control 2k Limited/Semantronix Limited, Wales, and Carl Christian Røstad, SINTEF Digital, Norway.
Exploitation Workshop at GA Meeting Limassol 16th – 18th October 2018Just like your other departments, such as HR, R&D, Accounting and Operations, a strategic and carefully managed organizational transformation should play an integral role in your long-term growth plan and objectives. It also should be deployed thanks to a global perspective centred on a solid return on investment. As such, your organizational transformation becomes a true business function in your organization.
Our approach is based on a close-knit collaboration with all stakeholders to ensure your transformation generates the results you’re looking for.
We quickly become a part of your team. Your day-to-day challenges become ours. Our experts in organizational transformation strategies become levers for sustainable and profitable change.
Reach out to our experts. We’ll be happy to learn more about how we can address your challenges.
GLM is a fast-growing business. Jumpstart your career and unveil your true potential with a unique, modern approach to helping manufacturers evolve for the future.
We support organizations that have exciting challenges. We are always on the lookout for talented personnel that share our values of constantly raising the bar and thinking big.
Join GLM's multi-disciplinary team.815-223-3140
My Account
Our Products
Fr. Dominic's books
Fr. Patrick's candles
St. Bede Honey
Christian T-Shirts
Religious Books
Dough Whisk
Flour Duster
Rule of Saint Benedict
Coffees
Christmas cards
Monks' Market - Product Index
: 1
10 inch Colonial Candles in a variety of colors
10 inch Hexagonal Candles in a variety of colors
10 inch Octagonal Candles in a variety of colors
12 inch Colonial Candles in a variety of colors
12 inch Hexagonal Candles in a variety of colors
2 XL Christian T-Shirt: Fear Not: Just Believe.
2.5"x1.75" Paschal Lamb
4"x2" Natural White Chunky Bunny
6 inch Colonial Candles in a variety of colors
8 inch Colonial Candles in a variety of colors
9 inch Spiral Taper Candle: Sold in sets of four
Advent Candles: Sold in sets of four
Baking Secrets from the Bread Monk
Baking your way through the holidays
Cherish Christ Above All: The Bible in the Rule of Benedict
Christian T-Shirt -- Let Your Light Shine!
Christian T-Shirt: Choose Life!
Christmas cards: One box of 10 cards
Cinnamon Red Turkey: 3 inches x 3 inches
Colombian and Peruvian
Dough Whisk
Flour Duster
Flowers in the Desert: A Spirituality of the Bible
Honeycomb Pillar with Angel: 3.75 inches x 1.5 inches
Medium Christian T-Shirt -- Fear Not: Just Believe.
One pound box of Maple Walnut Penuche
Renewed Each Morning: Reflections from the Rocking Chair
Rule of Saint Benedict
So We Do Not Lose Heart: Biblical Wisdom for All Our Days
The Breadhead Bible
The Legacy of Thomas Merton
The Psalms: The Heartbeat of Life and Worship
Thomas Merton: Faithful Visionary
Thomas Merton: Opening the Bible
Thomas Merton: The Monastic Journey
Three-angel votive candle: 3.5 inches by 3.75 inches
Thursday Night Pizza
: 1
New Releases
Baking your way through the holidays
$12.00
more details
Thank You!
Product Index
Category Index
3dcart
.Follow the path to getting money for college!
Financial Aid Classroom Presentation, October 2019 Paying for College: /schools/sites/default/files_link/schools/files//schools/la_jolla/2019 Financial Aid Presentation_0.pdf
Mrs. Dowley's October 2018 Financial Aid Presentation: Financial Aid - October 2018
Need and Merit-Based Aid Spreadsheet from Jeff Levy.pdf
And here are some other great links!
1) FinAid
2) CalSOAP website
3) Check Naviance under the "colleges" tab for scholarships.
3) FAFSA and DreamACT
4) The College Grants Database
5) College Score Card: Here
6) Scholarships on:
Fastweb
7) CSS Profile
Other Resources...
The Simple Dollar Education Archives: Website
National Association of Financial Aid Administrators: Website for Families and Students
The tables on this website are converted with the Div Table online tool. Please subscribe for an online HTML editor membership to stop adding promotional messages to your documents.I hear my humanz fussin’ ’bout cleaning them litter boxes of my cat friends! They do it cause they love their cats and kittens just like my Lady loves us. What if I told ya we have somethin’ that’ll make that chore easier? Well, we are excited to tell you about a new litter system from Neater pet Brands that’ll make it fun and easy to clean the litter box!
Be sure and read what Miss Molly Says cat friend thought about it in our full review here.
About Neater Pet Brands:
Neater Pet Brands, LLC is based in Malvern, Pennsylvania. Neater Pet Brands’ mission is to bring innovative products to the market that will enhance the joys of pet ownership. Their desire is to make care of the pet easier by positively impacting the pet’s daily life.
Now, how would you like a chance to win one these nifty Neater Scooper litter systems? We thought you might! So…
One lucky reader will receive a
Neater Scooper Litter System in their choice of color!
Giveaway ends 2/27 at 11:59 pm ET! Open to US residents 18+ and older.
Enter using the Rafflecopter form below.
We have 3!
So far only one cat owns my heart. His name is Mr. Waffles or Waffie for short.
This would be great as I keep trying to find a better way to store my scoopers.
I have 1 cat, but hope to adopt another in the future.
1!!
Just one, very handsome, very naughty kitty.
I have 2 wonderful cats!
Only one cat has my heart. The ever spoiled Harley!
i own one cat and its messy when we use a small scooper and this would be perrrfect lol
we own 1
Six cats own my heart inside but I do out of pocket rescue so the number is a whole lot more than tthat. I would have to say maybe 20!
My mother in law has one cat
None- but this would be a great gift.
Our daughter has 2 sweet cats.
I have 3, 2 females and 1 male and they are all loved and spoiled
I have just one cat. My Coo Coo. I wouldn’t know what to do without her. She’s such a part of my family that my daughters call her their sister 🙂
Olivia, age 15. And Boone, age 4.
I have two beautiful siameses
I have one cat, big fierce, jealous, loving Leonardo. He will not allow any other cats in his home, alas. I have a dog too.
Just one cat right now owns my heart. One cat and two dogs if I want to be more specific 🙂
Right now, there’s only one cat who owns my heart. A few months ago, my special little cat passed away, and my one remaining cat is enjoying the extra attention she’s been getting.
3
Two cats own my heart – my current companion and another I lost years ago!
Just 1! 🙂
2 cats.
We have three cats (plus five dogs – all rescues).
My hubby and I are owned by 2 adorable kitties
We only have one cat right now.
We have two kitties, with two very different personalities.
I have 2 cats that are almost 11 yrs old, they are 4 mos apart and have the same mom. A Russian Blue (Nebelung) named Sally Ashes and a snow shoe Siamese named Bailey Ditty
had two for 8 years. lost 1 and now just 1
Two cats
I have two cats.
3 cats own my heart 🙂
I just have one cat at the moment but many past cats in my heart. Oscar, Mutlu, Lale, mommmy will always love you.
Im entering for my sister,she has four cats.
We have 2 cats–Gray Boy is mine and Corinne is my boyfriend’s 🙂
Two. Marvin and Clarence.
I have two babies! They’re best friends 🙂
About 3 cats own my heart
pattifritz2000 at yahoo dot com
thank you
I have a orange tiger cat Princess that is approx. 18 Years Old and a gray tiger cat Ashlie that’s 5.
Two cat brothers own my heart. From the same litter but as different as day and night.
two rescued 1yr old brothers.. Maui and Howie <3
2
we have two of em
we have two cats 🙂 herc & xena…brother & sister
One!
One, but he has won my heart!
I have three cats that own my heart!
The four kitties that I have right now all own pieces of my heart. But there are two other special kitties that I had in the past that still own a piece of my heart too.
I have 2 cats named Cici and Coco.
3 cats own my heart! I love them all so much!
I have one 20 lb kitty cat!!!
I have 5 beautiful, baby fur balls that own my heart. And I’m getting ready to add on a few more.
One very special cat named TinkerBelle owns my heart.
I love the 2 furry family members in my family. But I have loved many more throughout my life. They bring me joy and feeling of love. Thank you and would love to win this!
We have 1 cat and I don’t know what I’d do without him.
I have 5 cats. They are Jeanie, Simon, Simonella,Grey Fart, and Smo.
Currently we have 7, but 3 are temps who are here to get socialized enough to adopt out. Not sure how I am going to take it….
I have one, very large, kitty.
I have one
I have one and my sons have three between them.
Right now we have 5 cats that have my heart. 🙂
one
only 1 cat for me.
We just got a cat this week! He was a stray, stuck out in this horrible below zero snowy weather. We got him fixed, got all his shots & now he’s a spoiled indoor cat.
2 😉 thx
We have five!
I have 3 cats.
Right now we have 9 rescued cats. We have 1 more coming in the next day or two.
I have 3 cats – Fred, Chloe, & Milo
I have 2 that I just LOVE <3
Would love to try
My son and DIL have two.
there is no cat that owns my heart, I have a dog, but I do love my friends cat
None yet,but My friend has seven, She could use this
2 cats own my heart, but unfortunately my 20 year old died last year. She eill always be in my heart. She was beautiful and smart. We also have a 3 year old and she is sweet, but very weird. We love her so much.
2 cats own my heart.. a 12 year old cat bella who is tiny and looks like a kitty.. then my cat stubby that i resuced from outside, he only has about an inch left of his tail, thats why his name is stubby.. he is the sweetest cat never would have known that he was feral, and hes like 25 pounds.. one cats 6 lb ones 25 its funny !!
ive got 6. three indoors, three outside
I have one cat and I could really use this scooper. He makes a mess, I make a mess, it’s not pretty.
one spoil rotten cat named shadow
EVERY cat owns my heart and I have had several that have passed that I still adore. Currently, we have 2 and I am crazy about my little babies!!
2
i have two!
We have one cat
Two cats, Felix and Sasha.
1 But she passed away a couple years ago from old age. She was almost 16 years old in human years. I can’t get anther one with my dog but when I visit my mom I love her 3 kitties.
We currently have four pampered felines here.
Two – mine and my granddaughter’s.
I have 1 fur baby–Oreo.My hubby rescued him on the way home from work after someone tossed him out the car window.Have had him for 6 years
Only Yoshi Kitty owns our family’s heart, but we donate to help our local shelter’s kitties.
We have one cat.
I currently share my world with 10 feline companions
2 at my daughters and 2 at my step daughters love them all
# cats own my heart! Gizzy, Lucy and Simba! My loves!
We have 8 cats and one at the Rainbow Bridge who still owns my heart.
One very special baby owns my and my husbands heart.
I have 3 indoor cats and I really need this for my babies that have my heart most assuredly. Andie aka Big Baby, Perri aka Winkie and Suzy aka Fuzz would appreciate this and especially me as they demand their box to be cleaned at least twice daily. We are feeling hopeful to win. Thanks for the chance.
Have a wonderful day and best of luck to everyone.
Just one! 🙂
My one cat I have now, owns my heart <3 She is my sounding board, my confidant, my best friend! I am so glad I have her, although she can be a handful at times!!
I tend to fall in love with most (but not all!) cats I meet/get to know ~ but my heart of hearts belong to our TWO 10 year old (unrelated) rescue kitties who we adore (but do not enjoy cleaning their litter boxes. )
I have two!
We’ve had a total of 5 that have owned my heart over the years
I have 2 cats.
I have many in my heart, but just one in my home.
4 cats own my heart, I absolutely love cats, even though I always used to say I was a dog person 🙂 They are just so lovable and have such interesting personalities.
I have 2 cats.
i have 3 furbabies
oh my, I would just love to win this! I have two cats so it will b e a huge help!
I have 2 cats and an extra scooper (one for each liter box) would be perfect!!
Two cats own my heart, shaska and twinkle.
We have one cat that is like a son to us.
Right now, we have 5 cats.
We have two, Valentine and Harlequin.
I have one cat.
A few cats are on my list =)
I have 1 male cat named Asia he’s an indoor kitty
i have 4 kitties that own my heart.
one cat owns my heart
We have two 7 month old kittens!
I have 4 fluff balls……
Two cats.
I currently own two wonderful cats.
One has it. The other 3 are just cats.
We have 2 cats, Mongo a Siamese and TeTe a tabby, both are rescues.
Just one!
One
We just have one cat.. he’s an orange tabby and his name is Abe =)
I have 3 living cats that own my heart. One is my grandcat, another is my kitty that is 2, and the last is my kitten that will be one in March.
I have two cats.
We have one cat.
We have two cats, Kitten and Callie!
Right now, there are two cats that own my heart.
We have one.
we have two great cats!
We have 2 cats!
Just 1 precious fur baby, Mr Jingles.
two catsrun the house
I have 3 cats.
i own one cat but my sister has three so four cats belong to my heart
I have 3 cats that I love dearly
Just one little fella,for now!
I have two cats.
I have a great porch swing kitty. Scampi owns us!
We have 1 cat! He’s my daughters, but she always conveniently forgets to clean the litter box! HA!
One cat owns my heart. We adopted Houdini the day after Christmas when he picked us at the Animal Shelter <3
I have a huge heart with lots of room for many but at present I have 4 indoor cats, 1 foster cat for our local shelter and 6 feral cats that I feed, and make outdoor shelters for. When I can catch them, my neighbor and I halve the fee for spay and neutering.
Just one cat at the moment. We have a dog too so this will probably be our last take-in for a while.
I only have one and her name is Noonie.
I’m pretty sure she considers me her servant. 🙂
Just one right now.
We only have the one cat right now. That’s enough because Jasper doesn’t like other cats very much.
3 beautiful and wild catsListen free for 30 days
The Jane Austen Society
- 'A wonderful book, a wonderful read' Karen Joy Fowler
- Narrated by: Richard Armitage
- Length: international best seller.?
A heartbreaking and uplifting novel of hope, loss and love. Perfect for fans of Miss Austen by Gill Hornby and The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society by Annie Barrows and Mary Ann Shaffer
Critic reviews
"A wonderful book, a wonderful read." (Karen Joy Fowler, best-selling author of The Jane Austen Book Club)
"A charming and memorable debut, which reminds us of the power of books to unite and heal." (Pam Jenoff, New York Times bestselling author of The Lost Girls of Paris)
What listeners say about The Jane Austen SocietyAverage customer ratings
Reviews - Please select the tabs below to change the source of reviews.
Interesting and enjoyable
The book which is about the forming of a Jane Austen group just after WWII, describes how the 8 people involved set about acquiring Chawton Cottage where JA lived with her family for some years and how they make an attempt to turn it into a museum.
So, what did I think? Well, first of all, I had to get my head around the fact that the characters and the story-line are fictional. Yes, the cottage was acquired just after the war but not by these imaginary characters and not in this way. I kept wanting to google-check things but, in the end, I just sat back and enjoyed it for what it is. I did wonder, however, if this was doing a disservice to the people who actually did set up the museum because I'm sure that many readers will assume that it is all true and give these fictional characters the credit for what must have been, historically, a great achievement. The story moves at a slow, leisurely pace and the first half deals with the main characters and their pasts and what made them decide to get involved in this venture. This might not suit some people but I enjoyed the way that the book took its time. Other listeners will be expecting a 'romance' and, although several are involved, they are only really touched upon and are not the main thrust of the story-line. If anything, the book is more about grief and how different characters deal with it. It is also, of course, about Austen, and the love of JA is what binds the 8 disparate characters together: a doctor, a solicitor, an auctioneer, a farmer, a Hollywood film star, one of the Knight family, a teacher and a servant girl. You can read this without knowing anything about JA but I did enjoy the discussions that the characters have about her and her books. The author also creates at least some of these 8 protagonists in the image of characters from her books and it was fun to spot whom they represented. There was a bit more activity in the second half of the book once the society has been set up and there were also a couple of twists to the story. The ending is a satisfying one.
It is NJ's first novel and I was impressed. It is well-written with only a couple of minor Americanisms. She was born in the UK but emigrated to Canada as a child and I was amazed at how 'English' the story was: she has captured the atmosphere of a small English village, the characters and their turns of phrase as well as any British writer. Well done, that girl!
Richard Armitage's reading was, of course, as marvellous as ever. His women are perfect and I forgot I was listening to a man, and his various accents - posh, local yokel, Scottish, American and Birmingham - all sounded good to me. He must be one of the best audio readers out there and would make a great Dr Gray in any film of this novel.
14 people found this helpful
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Mrs. C. M. Mccann
- 08-06-20
Absolutely brilliant
I have loved every single moment of this book. Thank you Natalie Jenner for writing such a fabulous book. I have loved listening to the wonderful voice of Richard Armitage becoming the characters. I could listen to it all over again.
8 people found this helpful
A heart-warming, feel-good story.
I ripped through this book. Nine and a half hours of blissful listening about eight wonderful characters who come together to save Jane Austen's cottage in Chawton and set up a museum there in her honour. Along the way we learn about their lives, their relationships, their motivations and how they connect with each other.
Superbly plotted, excellent characters and wonderful narration. One of the best books I have listened to. I thoroughly recommend it. Jane Austen lovers will love it.
7 people found this helpful
Thoroughly enjoyable, narration was very good
A thoroughly enjoyable story. I thought eight main characters may be hard to follow, but their stories were interwoven and brought together very well. The narration was excellent - Richard Armitage brought the characters to life authentically and with care.
4 people found this helpful
It grew on me
Thought I wasn't going to enjoy it to begin with. but it was fabulous. and it really drew me in. the characters were realistic and the narration was superb.
4 people found this helpful
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Amazon Customer
- 11-06-20
Disappointing despite a superb reader
When an audio book comes along read by your favourite narrator and with the subject of one of your favourite authors, you have to get it. Sadly, this was a huge disappointment. Mr Armitage's narration was as beautifully done as ever, but the story lacked drive and focus. The contrived story of the will lacked credibility and there were far too many blunders showing a lack of research into the period. If you are going to set a story 75 years in the past, you need to get the details right! However, worst of all was the lack of depth in characterisation, possibly as there wasn't a focus on one or two main protagonists. Mr Armitage did his best with creating recognisable voices, but he sadly didn't have very much to work with. Not really worth the effort.
3 people found this helpful
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Chiara Coppi
- 26-09-20
Convincente
Toccante, imperdibile per tutti i fan di Jane Austen. Ho amato subito il personaggio Dr. Gray. Bellissimo la parte della sua visita al cimitero. La voce di R. Armitage è la perfezione assoluta!
2 people found this helpful
Amazing
4-5 stars rounded up.
Do you sometimes lie in bed, feeling miserable, not quite knowing what to do and even if you did, you wouldn't have the energy to get up and do it? Yeah, that's where I was when I started listening to the audiobook of The Jane Austen Society. I thought that if I had to feel miserable, I wanted to feel miserable while Richard Armitage was narrating a book in his soothing voice. Not only did his voice make me feel better, but I became so invested in the story and the characters that I continued listening to it while eating dinner and brushing my teeth. The first four and a half hours flew by, and I finished the audiobook the next day. It was everything I needed, and more, I LOVED it.
The story is set in the early 1940s, spanning several years, and it is told from different points of view that are made up of the most important characters. There is a widowed country doctor in his forties, a farmer, a famous American movie-star, an heiress to the Knight family estate that still belongs to her spiteful father, and a passionate young teacher who is recently widowed. What these characters have in common? They are all ardent fans of Jane Austen and they all live in Chawton, the finale home to Jane Austen where she wrote her novels. Their shared love for Austen unites these characters. It brings them together to found the Jane Austen Society, dedicated to the preservation, promotion, and study of Miss Jane Austen's life and works.
The love for Austen and her works really pervades this book. I am glad Jane Austen's name was not used as a simple marketing tool to better sell the book. You can tell the author appreciates Austen and her books by the conversations the characters have about Pride and Prejudice or Emma. They muse about specific quotes and lines from the novels and discuss the characters' thoughts and feelings. Even though this book is a work of fiction, it does incorporate details about Jane Austen's life. You won't learn anything new if you're a passionate Austenite (is that what her fans call themselves?), but I learned some stuff that I didn't know before!
The characters themselves are very endearing. Even though the switching POVs were a little confusing sometimes because there were about a dozen characters, they quickly grew on me. Despite the charming village they live in, their lives are not always wonderful and rosy. Loss and trauma play a significant role in the characters' lives and they each struggle with grief, trying to cope with the aftermath of war and losing loved ones. As with Jane's novels, there are misunderstandings, unsaid words among characters who hide their true feelings, people who have loved each other in the past but were torn apart. However, how they find each other, and how they grow out of their misery and begin to bloom in the face of hope and change is all developed so naturally, so beautifully, that there were a few times when I was reduced to tears over the characters' love lives and emotional hardships.
I was really invested in the characters, and there was a specific slow-burn relationship that was so incredibly well-written that I kept screaming (in my head) at the characters to just confess their feelings already! Writing about it already makes me want to re-listen to the whole book. The ending is well-written, wrapping up the entire story in a very satisfactory, Austen-esque way!
Overall, this was a fantastic historical fiction/ romance book that felt like a hug from a friend. I would recommend this to any Jane Austen fan. The Jane Austen Society allows you to escape into an Austen-like world and warms your heart, all the while reminding you that even though loss and pain are inevitably a part of our lives, they don't make us who we are. The book reminds us that hope is always possible and that we are never too broken to be made whole again.
1 person found this helpful
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Love to create
- 12-02-21
Loved this book
I love Richard Armitage voice. He is clear and succinct. He can produce different accents flawlessly and they add to the enjoyment of the story. Whether he is reading Chekhov or Natalie Jenner he makes the characters, the places come to life.
1 person found this helpful
Beautiful read
I loved this book. I found this quote below very interesting and relevant which explains why every time I read any of Jane Austen's books or books about her and her family life, I find my inner peace & comfort.
'During the Great War, shell-shocked soldiers had been encouraged to read Jane Austen in particular—Kipling had coped with the loss of his soldier son by reading her books aloud to his family each night—Winston Churchill had recently used them to get through the Second World War.'
1 person found this helpful
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Fabulous Mrs B
- 11-10-21
Interesting
This was a great read. Not Jaff but still Jane Austen. Interesting characters and their lives. Loved it.
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Amazon Customer
- 01-06-21
Performance great, story flower
Great performance by Richard Armitage. The story itself was flowery and seemed confused of what time it belonged in. The author applied only the most romantic trappings and customs of the time period and did away with anything else in a way that was distinctly American, which in my opinion makes it not historical fiction at all, and was probably the most frustrating part. Otherwise it was a nice enough story, rose tinted and whimsical.
- Overall
- Performance
- Story
- Kindle Customer
- 21-07-20
Perfection
The love of Jane Austen's books shine through this book. I just have the urge to read Jane Austen now. This story stands on it's own but with a heavy influence of Jane.Beautifully written with very human characters. I highly recommend it- I will read it againAhead.
Only due to fruitful cooperation between territorial administration and local self-government, it is possible to achieve the desired results in the shortest time period.
Note that there are 232 natural monuments in the Republic of Armenia.
The Minister addressed another letter to the the Inspectorate for Nature Protection and Mineral Resources to assume special measures to ensure relevant supervision over natural monuments.
Minister Romanos Petrosyan has repeatedly urged all the citizens of Armenia to have more caring attitude towards the nature and the environment, not to pollute it, jointly preserving and protecting the rich biodiversity of Armenia.
Each of us, whether responsible for the policy of the sphere, a member of the community or a tourist, is instrumental in improving the environmental situation in Armenia.
Content count19
Joined
Last visited
About doomXL
- RankWarming Up
- Zdoom worked for a while bit now it says the resolution is busted again. It cant run doom,doom 2, or free doom. I need to fix it in the game but I cant access the game....any ideas?
Im an Idiot [how to load wads et al.]
doomXL posted a topic in Source Portsyes!
Doors....yes I know how to make them
doomXL posted a topic in Doom EditingWhenever I make a door When I go into 3D mode the whole map is messed up and looks nothing like it does in 2d mode. When I try to test it it says the lines have to be fixed to play! please help!
- Windows...i dont know how to change Zdooms...
- When I set the parameters and I went to testing it said that the signal was out of range and I need to lower the resolution...i tried lowering the resolution to 800x600 but that didnt work either.
- Im using Zdoom thank you.
Testing Maps
doomXL posted a topic in Doom EditingFor some reason when I go TEST MAP Instead of going to the map I am currently working on It goes to the game. So when I go to test map if im working on a doom2 map it will play doom 2. Can anyone help? Thank you VERY much
How to add new textures??
doomXL replied to Christoph's topic in Doom EditingWait once I have XWE what do I do to add textures?
Importing wall textures?
doomXL posted a topic in Doom EditingSorry for all the spam but this has been really frustrating me. when I make a doom map in DB and I want to edit the walls i cant. The only texture for the walls is the UAC symbol. Can I change this? Additionly I found some pictures on the internet of satanic symbols and I wanted to import them as a texture. can I do this? Also when i edit in 3D mode its very dark? Anyway i can light it up a little without effecting the outcome of the map (like if I make 3D editing lighter it makes the whole thing lighter)
Things?
doomXL posted a topic in Doom EditingFor some reason whenever I post a thing (like a weapon or a monster) It doenst show up in 3D mode? Is there something im doing wrong? could you possibly help? (Im sorry if this is spam Im ingnorant) Also when I make a room the walls all have the logo of the space company on them. Its kind of noobish looking (figures since im a noob). how do I change this?
- Thank you. I have one more question. When I put i put in a 'Thing' I cannot see it at all. This happens with lights, monsters, the whole shebang. How can I make it so I can see these Objects?
- I tried it but it said 'subscript out of range' and closed out of the program. Sorry for the hassle I'm new at this
- When I go to 'additional textures and flats from WAD file' my only option is 'fbase6.wad'
textures?
doomXL posted a topic in Doom EditingWhenever I go into 3D mode instead of my walls being colored they only have question marks on them and are red. It doesnt even SHOW things that i put in there (monsters. etc.) also, whenever I go to 3d mode and I try to exit out of it it says 'ERROR 9 IN RunTextureSelect : sunscript out of range. Im sorry for being stupid but could you help? I could not find it in the manual
- how would you go upon doing that?Isolda Overview
- Founded
- 1988
- Status
- Acquired/Merged
- Employees
- 22
- Latest Deal Type
- M&A
- Financing Rounds
- 1
Isolda General Information
Description
Provider of technological products. The company offers products such as video products, backup and storage products, cables, lights, memory cards, label printers and networking products for mobiles, tablets and computers.
Contact Information
(Operating Subsidiary)
- Odinslundsgatan 17
- 412 66 Gothenburg
- Sweden
Want detailed data on 3M+ companies?
What you see here scratches the surfaceRequest a free trial
Want to dig into this profile?
We’ll help you find what you needLearn more
Isolda Valuation & Funding
This information is available in the PitchBook Platform. To explore Isolda‘s full profile, request access.Request a free trial
Isolda Executive Team (3)
Is
Isolda Former Investors
This information is available in the PitchBook Platform. To explore Isolda‘s full profile, request access.Request a free trialCOVID-19 Vaccines: Schedules, Eligibility and Proof of Vaccination
As the COVID-19 evolves, Grand View Health is making changes to our visitor policy for the most up to date information, please go to GVH.org/COVID.
At Grand View Health, we know that visits from loved ones and friends can play a vital role in patient recovery. While we welcome visitors, we do ask that you follow Grand View’s visiting hours and visitation policies.
Thank you for visiting!
Free visitor parking is available in the parking lots adjacent to the hospital. Handicapped parking is provided on the circle drive near the hospital’s main entrance. Additional handicapped parking is available behind the hospital. Parking is not permitted directly in front of either entrance.
The “Grand View Gofer” golf cart, which provides rides to patients and visitors from the parking area to the hospital entrance, is usually available Monday through Friday from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Laptops, cell phones and other wireless electronic devices may be used in patient rooms. Grand View’s free guest wireless network that may be accessed by patients and visitors throughout the hospital and outpatient center lobbies. To access the network, allow your device to discover available wi-fi connections, select the “GVH-guest” network, and accept the internet use policy.
The hospital offers a cafeteria, coffee bar and a vending area. Visitors are welcome to dine in the hospital’s cafeteria, located on the second floor. Featured items include hot meals, soups, salads and deli bars, grill-to-order items, soft serve, desserts, snack items and hot and cold beverages. The hours are:
The vending area is located near the exit of the cafeteria. Vending machines contain items prepared by Food and Nutrition Services as well as popular commercial items. Selections include soups, sandwiches, salads, snack foods, beverages and chilled or frozen entrees for heating in the microwave oven. The change machine accepts $1, $5, $10 and $20 dollar bills. Soft drink machines are located on each patient floor and near the Department of Emergency Medicine.
An automated teller machine (ATM) is located on the hospital’s first floor near the outpatient entrance.
Grand View Health is a non-smoking, alcohol-free and drug-free facility. Alcoholic beverages, smoking, drugs and tobacco products are prohibited in all Grand View Health buildings and properties. This restriction applies to patients, visitors and staff., is always open for private meditation/prayer or the lighting of a votive candle.
At Grand View Health, compassionate spiritual and emotional support is available to patients and their families during times of illness. Care is provided by a full-time chaplain, clergy and lay volunteer chaplains, as well as chaplain interns through the Clinical Pastoral Education (CPE) program of Penn Foundation.
Chaplains work together with physicians, nurses and other healthcare staff, as part of a team dedicated to holistic patient care. A chaplain visits daily with most newly admitted patients to listen empathetically and offer spiritual support, comfort, prayer and a devotional booklet. With permission, and when religious affiliation is indicated, one of our chaplains will notify a patient’s clergyperson of their admission to the hospital.
Pastoral Care is interfaith in approach and is sensitive to the diversity of religious expression. Requests for a visit by a chaplain can be directed through any hospital staff member. Area pastors or authorized church lay representatives with a proper Grand View Health identification badge may visit their congregation members at any time. Contact our chaplain at 215-453-4970.
You or your family may need to make challenging medical decisions. In addition to our Pastoral Care Department and patient representative, a case manager can arrange for you to speak with a member of our ethics committee.When you have a good friend with 1,000,000 different interests and you find it troublesome to find a gift for only one try birthday gift baskets that have different sorts of things. Or attempt a general theme like meals which is at all times a welcome gift regardless of who you’re giving it to. In truth foods like fruit are sometimes gifted on milestone birthdays like twenty first birthday or a 30th birthday as a result of they celebrate life. Fruit bouquets are a terrific birthday gift; they’re recent fruit sculptures that look like flowers and are available unique containers.
Edible treats are a traditional and effectively received gift item. One nice edible merchandise is connoisseur chocolates. There may be all kinds of connoisseur chocolate to choose from and it is an excellent alternative for spreading goodwill. You can give customized chocolate bars, boxed chocolate, truffles, brownies, chocolate dipped pretzel tins and extra. The possibilities are endless. Should you’re in search of one thing extra distinctive, try personalized salsa. Customized label salsa is a enjoyable and distinctive solution to both showcase your emblem and say thanks to recipients. It is the good means for spicing up business relationships.
But personalizing does not guarantee uniqueness.
We all know that ladies go mushy over candies, hearts and roses on Valentine’s Day – however how about men? Men are amazingly sensible they would need a gift they will use instead of a romantic gift they can simply stare at every single day. Gifting your man one thing practical will make you extra memorable for him.
With at this time’s many inventive Christian artists offering Christian fashions and the good Christian accessories shopping for the perfect Christian gifts is straightforward. The key is out: Christian artists have created nice looking Christian jewelry and Christian clothes traces that make the perfect gift.
However personalizing does not assure uniqueness.
As a result of God couldn’t be all over the place He made mothers’. How very true! We might be lost without mum. Mum is the rock of the household the glue that holds all of it together. She is your anchor when life appears unfair. And time is the right time to let her know that she means the world to you.
The very best factor that I like about jewelry gifts is girls of all age and taste love wearing and appreciating it. You’ll be able to gift jewelry to a teen, home wife, company girls, or school going lady. It is for positive that she is going to find it irresistible. It may be a little tiresome to pick out the proper piece for a selected girl, but trust me; your girl will probably be mesmerized with what ever you’ll give her. It won’t be flawed to say that girls of all age, societies, taste, have a sure love and want for jewelry. Be it diamond studded necklace, gemstone ring, fashion jewelry, gold or white gold, she is going to love it. So, this time make your special women feel happier by gifting her most ideal gift, jewellery. Inform her that she deserves being pampered and spoiled by you this festive season and shock her with a valuable and priceless piece of bijou. Belief me, she’s going to like it!
Conclusion
It evokes simple magnificence. Here is a easy solution. You recognize these times once you suppose they’re nagging you too much, or we don’t feel like being bothered. A picture of the pet is woven proper into the design. What’s more, this is the proper option to remind that he’s all that matters in your life.Adventurers – United in Prayer
The number of COVID-19 cases is still on the rise and many are suffering and dying worldwide due to this coronavirus pandemic. Thus, we need to continue to pray for God’s protection and intervention. All Adventurers and their families are invited to watch our “Adventurers – United in Prayer” online session on April 11-18, 2020 at 7:30 pm nightly to be live-streamed on our Ontario Adventurers FB page.
May you and your family remain healthy and safe amid this COVID-19 crisis.
Recent CommentsFeb 04, 2020 During the past five years, Malawi's cement industry has attracted billions of kwacha of investments including plant upgrades, investment in training and development, and a plant to provideGet Price
Jun 15, 2021 Chinese firm to acquire cement plants in Zambia, Malawi. over 300, 000 metric tonnes. Building on our bold vision to shape the future, Lafarge Cement
Dec 07, 2015. CPL Managing Director Aslam Gaffar said yesterday the first consignment of
Lafarge Cement Malawi brands application refference guide. Lafarge recognises that not all who buy their products are familiar with the dos and dont's of Cement application. In order to ensure that their customers enjoy the best performance from their brands, they include an application guide at the back of their product packaging bags
Shayona Cement P.O. Box 679, Lilongwe, Malawi Tel: +265 (0) 1 752 791/Fax: +265 (0) 1 752 909 Cement Products Limited Cement Products Limited is one of the newest cement producing companies in Malawi but within a short period, its operations have gained a mark on the Malawi market. The company, with its new head office at Chirimba in Blantyre, is
Dec 03, 2014 Written by Global Cement staff 03 December 2014. Print. Malawi: One worker has died and three others have been injured at the Shayona Cement Factory in Kasungu. Hot clinker caused the injuries due to an open door at the plant according to local media. Three of the injured workers, including the deceased worker, were from Malawi within the next 5 years
Jun 20, 2019 S.A. to co-deliver a full cement plant with a capacity of 3,600 tonnes per day
Sep 01, 2021 The new plants will boost competition in the local cement market currently animated by five operators: Cimencam (2.2 million tons production capacity), Dangote Cement (1.5 million tons), Eren Holding through Medcem Cameroun (600,000 tons), Cimaf (500,000 tons but currently being extended), and Mira Company (1 million tons). Price increase
Aug 20, 2014
Dec 13, 2017 Africa richest man Dangote interested to invest fertiliser plant in Malawi, says new Nigeria envoy. ... sugar and cement manufacturing in a number of countries in Africa among others
Jun 14, 2021 Written by Global Cement staff 14 June 2021. Print. Malawi/Zambia: China-based Huaxin Cement plans to spend US$160m towards buying cement plants in Zambia and Malawi. It intends to spend US$150m on purchasing a 75% stake in Lafarge Zambia and US$10m on acquiring Pan African Cement from Lafarge Cement Malawi. The former operates two integrated cement plants in Zambia
Sep 28, 2011 Cement
Jul 30, 2021 Cement Malawi
Cement plant locations and information on Malawi can be found below. For full access to the database, purchase The Global Cement Report™, 14th Edition. Purchase. Summary. Cement capacity (Mt) Integrated plants. 2. Clinker plants. 0. Leveraging off its position as the market leader in
Feb 04, 2020 During the past five years, Malawi's cement industry has attracted billions of kwacha of investments including plant upgrades, investment in training and development, and a plant to provide
Nov 05, 2021 As well as the TPC and Tanga Cement plants mentioned above, Holcim runs an integrated plant in Mbeya and Huaxin Cement operates one near Tanga. Alongside this, new integrated plants have opened including Lake Cement’s 0.5Mt/yr Kimbiji plant in 2014 and Dangote Cement’s 3Mt/yr Mtwara plant in 2015Family Orthodontist Serving Camden, Lexington, & Columbia, SC
Welcome to Family Orthodontics South Carolina! We’re here to provide high-quality treatment that brings you the smile of your dreams. With a beautiful smile, you can conquer anything! Our orthodontists are smile experts and even spent a couple extra years in dental school to become specially trained in orthodontics.
The good news doesn’t stop there! Family Orthodontics offers low monthly payments and 0% financing on our various treatment options. Plus, we accept most insurance! Our goal is that all of our patients leave here with a new confidence and smile to face the world, without the stress. Schedule your complimentary consultation today and join our family at any of our conveniently located offices in Camden, Lexington, and Columbia, SC!FREE Hollister Gift Cards
This post may contain affiliate links that earn me a small commission, at no cost to you. As always, I only recommend links I personally use and love!
Get FREE Hollister Gift Cards!! They’re giving away hundreds of Gift Cards to Hollister fans sometime soon, but here’s the catch: They can be released at any moment and only the fastest will score big. Sign up now and we’ll let you know when it all goes down. Get ready to click your fastest!
There’s only ten $500 Gift Cards up for grabs, but there are hundreds more, ranging from $10-$100.Canon PIXMA MG2260 Driver & Software Support for OS Windows, Mac, and Linux – The PIXMA MG2260 is undoubtedly an everyday answer for producing prints, copies and scans at home. Substantial resolution and microscopic ink dots ensure you develop good quality borderless photographs and paperwork. Enjoy the two the creative imagination and comfort of utilizing the array of printing software unique to PIXMA.
Canon PIXMA MG2260
Canon PIXMA MG22.What does the Magento Elasticsearch module have?
We’re sure you’d want to be able to discover whatever you need in a matter of seconds. Especially in today’s society, where everyone is in a rush and there is always a lack of time. It is critical for every online store to provide customers with the most efficient and convenient search. The reason for this is because there is a direct link between the ease with which essential products can be located and the amount of profit you can make. It also has an impact on the conversion rate, which has an impact on overall revenue and sales rate. But what really is the issue? For such jobs, Magento’s default configuration is just too limited. It’s as if you’re looking for something in a dark, cluttered room with only a flashlight. It’s complicated, but it’s not impossible. You will achieve your objective, but you will lose a lot of time and energy in the process. Don’t you want things to be simpler and faster?
You may «turn on the lights in this room» using the plugin we provide. Furthermore, not only does the add-on make everything visible, but it also cleans up the mess! So that you may locate whatever you’re looking for as quickly as possible. Let’s go through all of the features if you want to understand more about how everything works here.
Mirasvit has designed the best solution for you
What is the purpose of this add-on? As you may be aware, it has to do with a more powerful and convenient search tool. If you’re worried about the module’s structure and principles, it’s far easier to go through each feature and assess the module’s true potential and capabilities on your own. What are the benefits and drawbacks of this addition? Elasticsearch may be used for a wide range of tasks. Let’s look at each aspect separately to be sure you’re on the right track.
Because it analyzes all queries and offers customers intriguing options, this application knows precisely what you want. On the first page, there should always be something readable to persuade them to continue. After making a particular request, you may also change the position of other components on the page.
Morphology is another essential factor to consider. It’s terrible that people may make mistakes that don’t lead to an inquiry. That’s an unacceptably high amount of danger. To offer similar morphologically appropriate search results, the plugin employs sophisticated techniques. Let’s look at the many search options accessible in this module.
Make shopping great again
The plugin supplies you with all the necessary tools to perform the best results. Except for improving the search feature, it also handles many additional issues:
- The landing pages differentiate themselves from the rest of the website. You may utilize your own unique information to create several pages to improve SEO. Controlling data flow and keeping a product catalog up to date are two common needs. You might create websites that only show related goods in response to certain inquiries, for example. A wonderful feature may be put to a variety of purposes. Landing pages are handy and beneficial since they are straightforward to utilize. Double-check these websites to be sure they aren’t the same.
- It’s all set to travel. In today’s environment, compatibility is typically a valuable advantage. Smartphones and tablets are gaining popularity faster than personal computers. As a result, the functionality of the module is particularly useful in mobile versions in a range of situations.
- Reports. Data gathering and analysis are two of the most important aspects of a company’s success. Changes can be predicted and remedies discovered via analysis to avert problems. As a consequence, this plugin gives you the information you need, such as the most popular search terms or the top search results. If you know how many searches and clicks you’ve done, you can enhance your results by changing your settings.
- Redirecting. What distinguishes the journey from the destination? It would be terrible if consumers couldn’t get in touch with you. Every 404 error page is monitored and updated to guarantee that it is never seen by your potential consumers. Instead of the incorrect website, all visitors are sent to the specified URL. Customers are more likely to remain and investigate your organization if this page has valuable information. This method not only saves time but also saves money. If you’re searching for a certain result, the Elasticsearch for Magento 2 will direct them to the appropriate size.
Effortless processes
The second benefit of auto-filling is that it saves consumers time by allowing them to do searches faster. Customers are encouraged to pick from a variety of options that anticipate future purchases throughout the creation process. When customers type in a product name, the TypeAhead feature looks up the most popular requests in the store to assist them to choose the best option. A fast mode is available to Elasticsearch users. What are the benefits of being able to accomplish this?
- The most commonly asked questions are shown below. As a result, the great majority of individuals can see what they actually desire. Find the most well-known items or special deals by using the top search rankings.
- It’s essential to have a diverse set of resources. This search returns not just product names, but also other information. Users, for example, might be able to find the needed page fast.
Advanced search
Everything is available on your store’s web version. That is, if it exists, you may look for it. As a result, everyone who visits your website will discover that online buying is far more easy and more fun. See the following list of probable content categories for further information:
- There are additional third-party plugins available. This module may look for plugins in other systems and materials. By integrating Magento’s capabilities with those of other sources, you may get better outcomes.
- You were the one who came up with the idea. Combine data from many sources that your customers could find valuable. As a consequence of the addition, this information now appears in the search results.
- During the search process, all product attributes are taken into account.
- Customers may see all of the matched categories.
- Customers can use the add-on to see the values of the features they’ve chosen.
- The pages were created using a content management system. There are also links to all of the application’s associated pages.
Searching capabilities
This plugin is very adaptable and configurable. Customers may locate products in milliseconds thanks to the foundation engine’s quickness. This is beneficial to you since it has a significant impact on client satisfaction and sales volume. In terms of speed, the package presently comprises the following components:
- There are levels to the navigation. This plugin isn’t as sluggish as a regular Magento MySQL call, and it uses fewer resources. It improves efficiency and reduces server overload by using clever layered navigation.
- Scaling. For big catalogs and high-traffic websites, a different technique is required. This add-on takes advantage of a cluster to distribute data across several servers, making your website run more smoothly.
- Intelligent recommendation algorithms. For whatever reason, you may not have the essential products in stock at any particular moment. The module provides the most comparable results currently available to avoid upsetting people seeking this item.
- Purchases that are related. Because not all consumers are aware of what they want, it is your responsibility to assist them in locating it. One method of assisting clients in determining what they’re looking for is to display typical requests so that they may discover comparable purchases that are currently trending.
- The system supports several languages. Regardless of the language they speak, this add-on allows users to choose any language from a menu. This makes your website available to anybody on the planet, which is really beneficial.
- Exact lookup. Use ISBN and SKU numbers as search parameters to locate particular items. This is a fantastic way to find out what you want if you already know what you want. This can help you save a significant amount of time.
- There are some surprises in store. Allow customers to look for products even if they don’t know the whole name. Parts that are unknown will be indicated with a special symbol (*).
- Stop using words. Another tool that assists customers in finding exactly what they’re seeking, even if their request differs from what’s already accessible. Simply build a list of terms to improve the precision of your search.
- Auto-Correction. All incorrect requests would be ignored if this plugin was not installed. Meanwhile, the module corrects any erroneous keywords automatically, ensuring that clients get the best results possible.
- Google integration is available. You can find what you’re looking for by using the Sitelinks Search Box. This software allows you to find your business right from the Google search results page, boosting your overall conversion rate.
- Search across several stores. Users may search across all of your shop views at once. Select the store views you’d like to include in the Multi-store search.
- Highlights. For a faster and more comfortable search, highlight search results
Conclusion
Magento’s use of Elasticsearch gives up a slew of new options and chances for business growth. Your store urgently needs an easy, quick, and user-friendly search feature. This is what makes clients want to buy at your store and tell their friends about it. Don’t wait for a good moment to happen; make your own!A RECEIPT FOR FUNERAL EXPENSES ON THE NEWARK, NEW JERSEY, printed billhead of “Luke H. Dancy / Funeral Director and Embalmer / 250 Bank Street,” November 19, 1926, with charges given for 12 services,
including “Embalming” ($30), “Delivering Casket to Residence” ($8), “Dressing body and placing in Casket” ($5), “Lay-out and Crepe” ($8), “Opening Grave in plot” ($15), “Hearse” ($15), “Professional Services” ($15), etc.; total expenses were $177.50, noted as received at the bottom of the invoice, paid by Edgar T. Harris for the funeral of his wife Sarah E. Harris. Dancy is listed in the 1940 census as “Negro,” born in North Carolina in 1871. Folded as for mailing, but very good. Item #66305
Price: $75.00
See all items in African-Americana, Americana
See all items by New Jersey, Funerals, African-AmericanaThis is an inline carousel of images and or videos of this pet.
About
- Health
- Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
Petfinder recommends that you should always take reasonable security steps before making online payments.
Meet Theo
Theo is not eligible for foster and will be a straight adoption.
Housebroken: Yes
Cratetrained: Yes, he's been doing well with his crate-training and has been left alone for up to 7 hours.
Dog sociability: Lives with a dog in his foster home and has been doing well, though he appreciates slow introductions to dog pals. On leash, he can be frustrated/reactive and may bark/lunge excitedly when he sees other dogs.
Cat sociability: Not a match
Kids: Unknown, but likely not a match for little ones because he can be jumpy
Ideal home: Theo will benefit from a home that can provide a lot of good mental enrichment (Kongs, puzzle toys, etc) as he needs to be kept calm these next few months due to heartworm. He would do best in a more quiet/low-key neighborhood as he can be excitable on walks and is working on leash skills!
Well, hello there stunning blue-eyed beauty! Theo is not only handsome, but also wickedly smart. He loves working his brain with treat balls and puzzle toys and is excited to work for his food. He has good household manners and is happy to entertain himself with toys. He loves a good chew toy! Walks are super fun for Theo and he enjoys sniffing everything he can. He's a dog and people friendly pup who is working on containing his excitement when he sees new friends on the sidewalk - with some tasty treats he has been great at redirecting his attention. Theo is hoping to a find a home that is excited about continuing training and of course, telling him he has the prettiest eyes in the world every day.
Theo tested positive for heartworm disease at his prior shelter and received treatment there in April. He will need to be on exercise restriction until December/January and then he will be retested for heartworm disease. If his retest comes back positive, OTAT will cover additional treatment at our Ellis Clinic.
Theo's adoption fee is 300. He is neutered, up to date on core vaccines, microchipped, and heartworm positive.
**** Our adoption application stays on file for one year and can apply to any dog in our program. Once the app is submitted you will receive an email within 48-72 hours. For additional questions, email adopt@onetail.org ****
Help provide for Theo's care
Chicago, IL
One Tail at a Time
Location Address2144 North Wood Street
Recommended Content
Recommended Pets
Finding pets for you…
Recommended Pets
Finding pets for you…
Theo
- Hound
- Adult
- MaleRECALLS: A product crisis is the ultimate nightmare but, handled
sensitively, it need not turn into a disaster
THE FRONT LINE: Staff need to be well briefed to deliver a consistent
message once the recall begins
CASE STUDY: When the pesticide Roseclear was recalled, quick action by
Zeneca saw customer loyalty blossom
Product recalls are the stuff that corporate nightmares are made of, but
facing up to the crisis with swiftness, honesty and a well briefed
telephone team can often save the day. Wendy Smith reports
It’s the phone call everybody dreads. The client has a crisis situation.
Product X has been tampered with. A lunatic has been on the phone to
demand what is known in the trade as ‘sweetmail’. And just to complicate
matters for the hapless PR, it’s a Friday evening in the middle of
August.
The trouble is that this type of nightmare scenario all too often
becoming a reality for major companies. To exacerbate matters still
further, and bring beads of perspiration springing to the corporate
brow, journalists are baying at the press office door for details - and
they’re not the only ones. Once the story breaks, the frenzy will mount
as the suppliers want to know what to do and customers demand to know
where they stand.
The case that many would consider put the word ‘crisis’ into management
is Tylenol. In the 1980s bottles of the tablets were contaminated. The
tragic consequence was a number of fatalities. Every one of the product
was pulled from the shelves, the packaging was changed and Tylenol’s
makers Johnson and Johnson kept their customers’ trust.
As the years have passed, other companies have made headlines attempting
to handle their own product recalls. Whether they have lived to tell the
tale or disappeared into the ranks of trading has-beens has often
depended on the efficiency and skill with which all concerned - client,
the PR agency and telemarketing agency - have handled the crisis.
In the 1980s, it was the baby food industry that suffered product recall
purgatory; in the 1990s, it has been the turn of the drinks
manufacturers. This decade kicked off with the bubble bursting on
Perrier with a benzene contamination scare, which the company swiftly
dealt with. More recently, Burson-Marsteller’s crisis management
machinery was set in motion when client Heineken had to recall three
million bottles. In this incident it was feared that a production fault
meant some of the bottles contained tiny fragments of glass.
It would be wrong to think that product recalls are only confined to the
food and drink industry. Intel’s Pentium chip attracted press stories
about a bug in the chip. The flaw was minor in the extreme - a normal
commercial user would be likely to encounter that chip error once every
27,000 years. But, despite this, Intel was forced into a position of
defence and instigated a product recall that cost the company a reported
dollars 400 million (pounds 245 million).
Faced with the customer as king and the media baying for consumer
scares, crisis management and product recall is a growing problem for
companies, says Ray Gibson, business development director of Reading
Scientific Services. ‘In 1987, we started up a 24-hour analysis and
consultancy line to give analytical support in times of crisis to the
food industry. That year we handled 20 incidents. Last year we handled
300,’ he says.
A product recall sounds like the worst thing that could happen to a
company but, according to research carried out by the Henley Centre for
Forecasting, customer loyalty can rise by more than 10 per cent if a
consumer goods complaint is deemed to be well handled by the company.
But what exactly does the PR executive do when the crisis call comes in?
How do you sensitively handle consumer fears while promoting the company
as a responsible producer?
‘The first thing a PR needs to do is to analyse and grade the potential
risk,’ says Chris Woodcock, deputy managing director of Countrywide’s
Banbury office. ‘Then you need to set up a procedure that is workable.
The problem is that some companies won’t press that red button,’ he
adds.
‘We tell them that it’s a crisis until proved otherwise. Experience
suggests that it will always develop at the worst possible time,’ he
explains. ‘You need to form a crisis team and sit down and quickly do a
SWOT analysis of the situation. This is the time when many companies may
turn to the telemarketing company to help them out.’
Mike Seymour, managing director of issues and crisis management at
Burson-Marsteller Europe, rates telemarketing not only as a powerful way
to demonstrate commitment to the public but also as a method to monitor
their concerns.
Seymour suggests that companies need to balance the required response
against what their own capabilities are and whether this is likely to be
a long-term commitment. ‘You don’t want to block up your own system,
which makes it a strong reason for going out of house to source
telemarketing expertise,’ he explains.
Some PR firms may have an established relationship with a telemarketing
company. Countrywide, for example, works closely with telemarketers
Intelmark to offer a crisis management package called Reflex.
But despite the column inches on product recalls, some companies still
appear to see it as an expensive evil and hold back until it is almost
too late. Steven Jack, Intelmark business development manager, says that
many of their clients come to them as the result of a knee-jerk reaction
when the crisis has already arisen.
But other clients, says Jack, take a more proactive approach by booking
lines in advance just in case the worst should happen. ‘In this
situation we can be up and running in hours,’ he explains. ‘When clients
come to us cold, we can be talking two or three days.’
The first stage for Intelmark is to instigate a series of briefing
sessions to let the staff know about the product concerned. Many
telemarketing companies say that it is advisable to have the client on
site to cover any likely questions that may arise. Jack explains: ‘We
need a clear procedure plan. After that, our job is to offer empathy,
sympathy and reassurance and we need to assess that particular caller’s
problems.’
Initially, the response can seem overwhelming - one of Intelmark’s soft
drinks clients had 20,000 calls over a single weekend. However,
telemarketing activity for a product recall tends to last seven to ten
days. After the scale of the crisis has been assessed, it is necessary
to gauge what level of telephone service to make available to worried
customers.
Sally Penn sales director of Manchester-based ADS Telemarketing points
out that the simplest and cheapest way to get a message across is to
simply install a voice message. She adds: ‘This is not a particularly
good approach - but at least it is better than nothing.’
With products that are too complicated for a pre-programmed message,
Penn suggests a live operator: ‘The major skillset in operator training
is turning a negative into a positive. The aim is to leave that caller
reassured and glad they have spoken to the operator, with no negative
perception of that company.’
One way to ensure that the telemarketing company really communicates a
positive message is to make operators sound enthusiastic about the
company, says Debbie Hogarth, head of marketing at the Decisions Group,
another telemarketing specialist.
‘This is not an occasion for people with tip-top counselling skills,’
she explains. ‘ People are usually phoning for information. The idea is
not to talk for too long but to talk to everybody.’
The Decisions Group says as much as 20 per cent of its business is in
the crisis management and product recall field. ‘We run a 24-hour
operation with 370 workstations and we can be linked up to other call
stations if necessary,’ says Hogarth.
As consumer attitudes harden, the product manufacturer has good reason
to fear the onslaught of what is now termed brand rage. As telemarketing
company Merit Direct and its client Boots found out, consumer reaction
can be devastatingly swift.
A Boots scheme to issue sports equipment for school vouchers apparently
attracted complaints - and the attention of the BBC Watchdog programme.
Merit Direct set up telephone lines within 48 hours.
‘Having done that,’ recalls Merit’s marketing manager Kate Mather,
‘those lines were filled within ten seconds of the programme screening
the number. When you come up against a programme like Watchdog, you’re
in serious trouble. You need to have a plan in place. It’s quite a
chilling experience,’ she adds.
Mather maintains that Boots managed to resolve the issue by meeting the
situation head on, launching a better deal and demonstrating to
customers that the company did have the power to change.
Mike Regester partner of Regester Larkin, a specialist in crisis
management, says that this is a growing area because companies now
realise that if they do get it wrong, it will cost anything from a
product boycott to fall in share price or additional legislation imposed
upon the company.
The worst case scenario is that the company could go under completely.
‘Things do go wrong,’ says Regester, ‘but the golden rule is to tell all
and tell the facts and tell them truthfully.’
This point is echoed by Karen Hopewell, managing director of
telemarketing company Telelab, who stresses the importance of having a
clear, accurate brief: ‘We have to ensure there is message control -
that everybody is telling the same story. There is no point in keeping
anything back from customers.’
Total recall: Facing up to the crisis
The first steps to establishing telemarketing support in a product
recall situation
* When selecting a telemarketing agency, make sure that you visit their
premises to check out their capacity to handle calls and, if time
allows, take up references from other clients who have used their
services.
* Pre-plan for any crisis situation, especially if you are in a
particularly vulnerable market sector (food and pharmaceuticals, for
example). Brief a telemarketing company about your products. Consider
having a ‘just-in-case’ line allocated for your needs - at around pounds
300 a quarter, you may find that a small price to pay when set against
time and potential lost revenue and lost sales.
* Make sure you know about your telemarketing centre’s resource
availability. This doesn’t mean the total size of the call centre and
the number of workstations they have generally - but what amount of that
resource could be available to you at any given time. Call centres tend
not to call huge amounts of dormant resource.
* Check what overflow facilities the telemarketing centre may be able to
offer, such as auto-messaging, BT messaging and links with other call
centres.
* Make sure you have enough call handlers available. You need to allow
for full coverage and build in cover for the call handlers to take
breaks, go to the loo, and sort out any associated ‘wrap up’
(administration) that may be involved with some calls.
* Don’t screw up the whole operation by mixing your messages. Different
groups of people (journalists, pressure groups) will often phone up the
various consumer helplines advertised to check out the soundness and
sameness of the storyline. Any variation in message between media and
public could prove highly embarrassing and fundamentally damaging. Make
sure that you synchronise the message by making sure all parties
involved work closely together.
* Involve the client in the briefing and the training of the call
handlers and, if possible, encourage the client to remain on site with
the telemarketing company during the initial stages of the campaign.
* Don’t forget to plan question-and-answer sessions for all types of
call, and establish roles and responsibilities with the team for
handling these calls as soon as possible.
* Build in procedures to handle callers other than customers and
retailers. These calls may be more sensitive in nature and include not
only the press and lobby groups but also threatening calls.
Case study: Zeneca nips problem in the bud
This summer Zeneca sent out an announcement to the press that Roseclear,
a garden fungicide and insecticide widely used by gardeners over the
previous 14 years, was being withdrawn from sale, supply and use in the
UK. This followed what was termed as a ‘regulatory re-classification by
the Government’s Pesticide Safety Directorate’. The root cause was a
routine review of data on potential eye irritation.
Miracle Garden Care who were the distributors of Roseclear following the
divestment of the garden business from Zeneca were the first to hear of
the developments. Miracle chief executive John Wilson recalls: ‘This all
started when we got a fax from the Ministry of Agriculture on 18 June.
It simply said that they were revoking the registration of the product.
We immediately asked for clarification. We’d sold five and a half
million bottles over the product’s life cycle and received no complaints
of cases that needed medical treatment.’ Zeneca, adds Wilson, had always
been aware of the remote hazard of eye irritation which related solely
to the possible risk of undiluted Roseclear. Pack labels had always
warned of this.
It was a week later that the two companies hastily assembled their
crisis management team, which realised that the situation was looking
ominous and pressed the ‘red button’. By 25 June, the Ministry of
Agriculture had clarified that nobody should use the product and
informed the company to make ‘responsible’ notices.
‘That evening we got in telemarketing company Intelmark (part of CMP
International),’ says Wilson. As the hotlines were being set up and
potential questions worked out prior to going public with an
announcement of withdrawal at the end of that week, disaster struck
Zeneca. There was a leak to the media, which immediately alerted the
retail trade. By the end of that week, Intelmark’s lines took 8,000
calls from consumers.
Zeneca and Miracle established two freephone helplines. One was for
retailers, backed up by a product withdrawal notice which appeared in
the national press that weekend. The other was specifically for
gardeners advising them not to use Roseclear, with further advice on how
to return the product by 18 December - the date set by the Government.
‘We received around 30,000 calls from our customers and they are still
sending Roseclear back into us before the Government deadline,’ says
Wilson. A sealed bag was sent to customers to return the product and, as
a goodwill gesture, the company sent out a voucher for the retail value
of the returned item. This was despite the fact that a regulatory
change, rather than an actual product fault, was responsible for the
withdrawal.
‘Intelmark did a really good job for us,’ says Wilson. ‘We really had to
develop our script on the hoof. Over the first weekend, we stayed in the
phone rooms with the staff to be there for the calls.’
Today the companies have put the experience behind them as they get on
with their business. ‘At the end of the day,’ says Wilson, ‘it really
was a storm in a teacup. Our users were tremendously loyal. They’d been
using the product for years with no hiccups and they really wondered
what the fuss was about.’
Case study: The Hoover promotion that went horribly wrong
Most travel promotions follow the same pattern. In return for a proof of
purchase consumers get free travel to a desirable destination.
The economics are based on an assumption that only a small percentage
will claim the offer, that travel can be bought at a discount, and that
profit can be made from associated costs like insurance.
That was the proposition put before Hoover four years ago by promotions
company JSI. In return for buying a product for as little as pounds 100,
consumers would get two free flights to one of six European
destinations. Because of the stringent qualification criteria, the
agency estimated that just 10 per cent of customers would claim.
As many as 30,000 applications a week ensued. The agency was swamped,
despite installing 40 new phone lines. As consumers got frustrated, they
started to complain, adding to the volume of calls trying to redeem
offers.
Peter Le Conte, director of the Le Conte Company, says this should have
been planned for. ‘You need to set up procedures for white-mail. Any
promotion will generate them, from consumers who can’t find the product,
to product use enquiries,’ he explains.
The second problem was that no flights had been pre-booked. The
assumption was that surplus flights would be available at a discount.
But, with 35 per cent of customers claiming flights, and the agency on a
fixed fee regardless of how many flights were taken, bankruptcy ensued.
Problem number three was that a second campaign offering free flights to
America was launched. If Hoover had listened to its customers, it would
probably have never proceeded. But it hadn’t set up any kind of customer
helpline. ‘By using the phone, you have the chance to refine campaigns
on an ongoing basis,’ says Becky Kannreuther, business development
manager at promotional handling house, Granby Marketing Services. ‘The
response is immediate. By mail, it takes time to filter through.’
Hoover blamed the press for its problems. A circulation war in Scotland
between the Sun and the Daily Record, with each taking sides for and
against the partly Scottish based manufacturer, was blamed for fuelling
public anxiety, and helping to push response even higher.
‘Don’t give people information they don’t want to know,’ says Stewart
Baird, operations manager at telemarketing bureau, Readycall. ‘If
consumers know that everything is OK, or they can get their money back,
they are not interested in being told you are a reputable company,
despite what the press says.’
Hoover eventually let it be known that it would honour all valid claims.
It was good PR at such a late stage, but it pushed the cost of buying
flights even higher, because travel operators knew funds were available.
The same information could have been made available more discreetly via
a telephone information line.
Travel promotions are still widely-used, but they are better planned.
Many also have resources in hand in case things go badly wrong. ‘Many
large organisations now have dormant services with memorable telephone
numbers set up in readiness for any foreseen situation,’ says Robert
Dirskovski, sales and promotions manager at Broadsystem. All Hoover got
was a big headache.
David ReedNYON, Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--beqom, a provider of cloud-based compensation management software, has announced its latest product enhancements, reflecting beqom’s continuous improvement product strategy, and including customer centered enhancements to compensation functionality, performance, user experience, analytics, and modeling.
Among the compensation specific updates are enhanced capabilities for compensation planning, advanced currency management, and enhanced support for global compliance. Along with “always faster” performance enhancements, advances in the user experience include improved mobile dashboards and production quality “beautiful reporting” available to all users. beqom’s ad hoc modeling capabilities are continuously enhanced to put reporting and analysis in the hands of the business user and support better decision making at all levels of the organization.
“Our continuous release process aims for innovation without disruption,” according to Sébastien Baehni, beqom Chief Technology Officer. “Delivering new features continuously is key for making the jobs of managers and compensation teams easier, especially when things are changing so fast these days. That enables companies to operate more efficiently and leaders to make better decisions.”
beqom’s cloud-based compensation management software caters to the needs of enterprises who demand the most from their compensation strategy, providing efficiency, accuracy, flexibility, security, and compliance in the management of a company’s total rewards. Companies use beqom to drive employee performance, reduce risk, optimize costs, and ensure fair and competitive rewards to attract and retain talent.
The new features and enhancements reflect beqom’s commitment to providing best-in-class compensation management to engage and empower a changing workforce, while continuously improving usability and performance for employees, managers, and HR. All of these enhancements are available today in beqom version 10.
Recognized as a leader in providing the capabilities needed to manage complex global compensation strategies, beqom’s software is proven to scale to meet the needs of some of the world’s largest enterprises.The exceptional academic exploits demonstrated by students in a BCC academic department were duly celebrated at an august affair hosted at the campus’ auditorium on Thursday 27 May.
A handful of glammed-up students from the people development and technology (PDT) department who outshone their counterparts during the 2020 academic year were the toast of the site as they received their just rewards from the rector and their faculty dean.
“I’m proud of each and every one of you for scaling the heights and being the best. This is no small feat as you’ve worked very hard and diligently to ensure you perform with distinction when it comes to your academics. These are the manifestations of those efforts,” said BCC rector Prof Nosisi Feza.
Acknowledging the splendid effort made by the department’s academic society in organizing the event, Feza lauded the efforts of the committee in recognizing and celebrating academic prowess.
PDT academic society chairperson Thandaza Piliso, who was among the day’s biggest winners, said the event was invaluable in highlighting the value of hard work and dedication, as well as the subsequent rewards.
“It’s our duty as the entire WSU populous, including student leadership, to take charge and celebrate our fellow students and show them that indeed we recognize and acknowledge their grind. This day seeks to cast a bright light upon our students, and shedding some of the dark that we’re always associated with,” said Piliso.
A top achiever herself, she recognised the significance of a leader being more than just a mouthpiece, but a change agent who more than talks the talks, but walks the walk with as much skill.
Office Management and Technology student Ntombozuko Madantsana, who won in two categories, chronicled the struggles students endured in the rollout of the online learning system.
“The efforts and achievements by the students are especially significant considering the struggles we’ve had with the online system. From not having enough data to working from remote areas that have no internet coverage, the challenges have been there but we’ve managed to overcome those obstacles to become supreme academic performers,” said Madantsana.
-Thando CezulaMighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
Install Google Analytics on your site. Establish particular objectives to track sales created for your services on “+ New Goal” understand that you’re tracking an individual becoming a customer by buying an item or service from your site.
In this step, assign a name to your goal. Pick a name you can associate with in the future. For example,” [Item Call] Purchase” or” [service] customer.” After the name, select a Goal needed for tracking our goal.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
Many.
Usually, these links must NEVER be indexed in the online search engine. That method you will not accidentally double count profits from one client. Venture to appoint a default value to the “purchase.” This is usually the quantity paid by your customer for the item purchased. You may wish to assign this value as the amount paid by your customer minus your expense of items sold, if you’re offering a physical item (e.g., shoes). Always use a constant number that you can remember, specifically the one that accurately shows the value of that purchase to your company.
It’s time to confirm your objective so that Google will start with the procedure of tracking your objective – Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration. Right under the “Goal” tab that you just set, click the “Validate This Objective”. Now Google will tell you how many times or level of achievement for this objective in the last 7 days if you had already set it in your account.
Next, click “Conserve” on your objective. Congratulations!This is your first Google Analytics objective and the beginning of larger things to come. To see even better outcomes, repeat the exact same process for all the services and products that you sell, or better yet, do it for new e-mail customers specifically if you set reroute pages on your types in ConvertKit.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
To begin with, To guarantee that your tracking works, it is essential that you established the UTM criteria. This gives Google more info to deal with with regard. Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration. This is the name of your campaign. This name can be related to the item you’re selling. The link is broken into the categories I have actually noted above.
You simply have to fill out those details and it will develop pick this particular objective. Click on ‘Source/Medium’ and click ‘view complete report’ at the right side underneath the table. Your complete report is shown as a table. To get the percentage ROI on your email marketing, you can utilize this formula: ROI = (Overall sales through email– total expense of email marketing)/( Overall cost of email marketing) You can likewise track the efficiency of campaigns through the recommendation URL.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
This helps you to track how each campaign source is carrying out. When you send broadcasts with a link (or links) to your customers, you can track customers who clicked your link. This might help you to identify interest levels of those customers if you were speaking about a product. You can perform a bulk action on the subscribers who clicked your links.
You can likewise see the engagement metrics for your broadcasts. This includes the number of receivers, open rate, click rate, and unsubscribes. To get reports of subscriber data on your Series, click the ‘Series’ tab in your ConvertKit dashboard. In Series, you see the content, settings, and reports tabs.
This gives you important information like variety of customers, unofficial subscribers, unsubscribers, open rate, and click rate. How does ConvertKit compare to the competition? There are numerous customer as one no matter the number of of your forms they sign up for.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
Although MailChimp is more affordable than ConvertKit for their strategies, you might end up paying more with MailChimp if you have a big list and many subscribers that are on as much as 3 or 4 lists. However, if you wish to keep two lists for different companies, basic to use when you figure it out however you require more time to figure it out than ConvertKit. Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration.
Even without anyone’s assistance. That’s how easy it is. What of email automation? Automations you can bring out on MailChimp consists of date-based automations, activity-based automations, deserted cart emails, order notices, item retargeting emails. You can likewise send birthday discount coupon when needs to be there and are not there. You’ll likewise have to include manually if you require to hard. This can be a lot of stress and waste of time.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
You just need to set the condition when a customer need to be contributed to a series and when they must be removed in Automation Rules. The instance, you can examine the number of visitors, customers, conversion rate, top recommendation, and campaigns of your kinds on ConvertKit. MailChimp has no landing page home builder and you can only design your landing page through an integrated service. This suggests you’ll have to incur additional expenses in utilizing another service to design your landing pages.
MailChimp allow you to test subject lines, from names, content, and send times to determine your best carrying out e-mails. This is essential as you can experiment to constantly improve your emails for efficiency (Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration). How much do you spend for using MailChimp? This platform provides a free program for as much as 2,000 customers and 12,000 emails.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
Although it has limited performance, you can barely get this kind of deal anywhere else. If you desire more functionality however, you’ll need to pay $15 per month for as much as 1,000 customers, $50 for up to 3,000 customers, $75 for approximately 10,000 subscribers and $150 for as much as 25,000 customers – Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration.
Now, it’s simple to state ‘take a look at the worth and forget cost’ however that would be unrealistic. Naturally, many people look at rate because at the end of the day, the cash is coming out of your pocket. If you’re just starting your online service, you desire an email list but have no money to pay, you simply desire to send out just routine updates to your subscribers, then MailChimp might be the email provider for you.
Nevertheless, if you’re a material marketer who wishes to sell digital products online, you may just need team, you may discover it simpler to use Infusionsoft where you can have all your customer information in one location. This enables sufficient collaborations between your team and every member can utilize each section of the software application that connects to their work.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
However, with this robust system also comes complexity. Infusionsoft is harder to utilize. If you’re a brand-new user, it’s challenging to utilize the majority of the fundamental functions that you will require. You might have to work with an expert to train you on how to use it, which is not required in ConvertKit.
This causes extra cost. When it pertains to alleviate of usage, ConvertKit is far simpler to utilize. Infusionsoft is likewise more pricey. You’ll need to spend for an obligatory kickstarter training plan which now goes for $299, then other fees depending on how big your list is. Note that the kickstarter plan utilized to cost $1,999.
Having 1,500 subscribers will set you back for $104 each month. This strategy consist of 1 user account, contact management, marketing automation and unrestricted emails. This plan lacks the ecommerce and sales pipeline. When you consist of those two choices, the expense increases to $198 per month. With 10,000 contacts, you pay $240 for the basic features and $334 per month with ecommerce and sales pipeline.
It’s difficult to put down a precise price for Infusionsoft as they claim that they personalize your expenses based upon the kind of organisation you’re doing. This is anticipated as it supplies more features – Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration. But if you just desire e-mail marketing, these features might be redundant after spending for them.
Mighty Networks Zapier Convertkit Integration
You’ll have to organize a call or register for a demonstration. You’ll likewise need to communicate with a sales representative who would help you pick the best prepare for your company. For your email marketing, Infusionsoft also offer basic form and landing page builders. Infusionsoft also has over 230 integrations which enable you to link other services to it.ITEM DESCRIPTION:
SHIPPING:
Your items will be shipped from Peshawar via register mail "PAKISTAN POST"
If the customer demands prompt shipping via DHL from Pakistan. we will charge $30 per parcel under 500 grams
IMPORTANT NOTES:
Our all pictures are taken in pure in Natural light. we do not use any artificial lights
*Photos are Outdoors in Daylight,
*Combined Shipping*
All inclusions and/ or fractures are obviously shown in pictures.
The Weight and sizes of all gemstones may vary slightly due to possible differences in calibration of weighing and measuring scales.
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer’s sole responsibility. Prior to bidding or buying, Please check with your country’s customs office to determine what these additional costs will. These charges are normally collected by the delivery/ shipping company or when you pick up the item. Please do not confuse them with additional shipping charges.
All of our customer's information (Name, address, phone numbers, Email, etc.) are private and secure. We do not participate in or contribute to cooperative or shared databases that give other companies access to information.
We Accept payment Through PayPal Only
good color i like it
nice stone
nice stone
The Gemstone Sheriff program allows our members to request an audit on any auction, which is completed by an independent Gemologist who assesses the accuracy of the item description and pictures.Who We Are
We.
Where We Fit Within Extinction Rebellion.5 Marla Plot prices in Bahria Orchard Lahore(All Phases)
Are you planning to buy 5 Marla plots in Lahore, especially in a top-class society Bahria Orchard Lahore? Also, do you desire to get the best plot deal according to your requirements? But confused between the plot prices in Bahria Orchard Lahore as this society has four phases? Then, be happy as we have the best plots option in 5 Marla residential plots. So, let’s explore the details together!
Bahria Orchard Lahore Location and 5 Marla Plots
This budget-friendly but fully-facilitated housing society is located on Main Raiwind Road Lahore. All of its four phases have main entrances on Raiwind Road. Moreover, Phase 2 also have access to Jati Umrah Road. Also, one can approach this society from Thokar Niaz Baig Interchange. The societies in Bahria Orchard’s proximity are Lake City Lahore and Al-Kabir Town Lahore.
The residential plots of 5 Marla are available for sale in Bahria Orchard Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 4. Bahria Orchard Phase 3 only offers 8 Marla residential plots.
Plot Prices in Bahria Orchard Lahore
In this latest blog post, we will provide you with the best options of 5 Marla plots for:
Investment
Construction
Details of Lowest to Highest Prices Plots
5 Marla Plots in Bahria Orchard Phase 1
This beautiful phase of Bahria Orchard Lahore is completely developed and have a good inhabitation ratio. 5 Marla residential plots are available in:
Eastern Block and Eastern Extension Block
Eastern Block features maximum construction while the prices of 5 Marla in Extension Block are reasonable. This extension was launched with the 5 Marla plots in 26 – 28 lacs only a year ago. But currently, plots are available in the price range of 40 – 45 lacs. But still, there is juice in these plots, and you can buy them for residence and investment purposes.
5 Marla Plots in Bahria Orchard Phase 2
It is the most significant phase of Bahria Orchard Lahore, with a range of 5 Marla plots available for sale. Bahria Orchard Phase 2 have many blocks, and undoubtedly, all of its blocks have 5 Marla plots cuttings. These blocks are named alphabetically, starting from A Block to H Block Extension and Blocks of LCO Phase 2 (Phase 2 Extension).
The prices of 5 Marla in Bahria Orchard blocks are different; however, the lowest prices plot in Phase 2 will cost you around 40 lacs. These plots are located in F and G Blocks of Phase 2.
Only 6 – 8 months ago, a general plot of 5 Marla was available in 28 – 32 lacs. But currently, the prices are increased to 40 lacs.
Phase 2 Block A is offering the best to construct 5 Marla plots. These plots prices range between 50 lacs to 65 lacs. However, C Block holds significant importance as Bahria Town Head Office is operational there. Therefore, the starting price of 5 Marla in this block is 55 lacs.
The plots for sale in D Block are starting at 45 lacs. On the other hand, E Block plots will cost you around 42 – 50 lacs. Similarly, B Block and b Block Extension are good plots with starting prices of 5 Marla in 50 lacs.
5 Marla Plots in LCO Phase 2
It’s an extension of Bahria Orchard Phase 2, offering the residential plots of 5 Marla. These plots are available in K Block, L Block, M Block, K Block Extension, and N Block. Previously, LCO Phase 2 had only three blocks, and K Block Extension and N Block were the new addition. Plots in K, L, and M Blocks are available in the price bracket of 40 lacs. On the other hand, the new deals of K Block Extension and N Blocks offers 5 Marla in 40 – 45 lacs.
5 Marla Plots in Bahria Orchard Phase 4
This phase was launched with 10 Marla and 1 Kanal plot. But a year ago, an addition of 5 Marla plots was made in its G5 and G6 Blocks. The launching prices of G5 Block plots of 5 Marla are 28 – 30 lacs. But the latest prices are starting from 40 lacs. G6 Block also offers reasonable price plots of 5 Marla at the price of 33 lacs.
Highest Plot Prices in Bahria Orchard Lahore
The highest prices of 5 Marla plots are available in the Eastern Block of Bahria Orchard Phase 1 and C Block of Bahria Orchard Phase 2.
Lowest Prices Plots in Bahria Orchard Lahore
The low-cost plots of 5 Marla are available in G6 Block will cost you around 33 – 34 lacs.
Best for Construction 5 Marla Plots and Blocks
The heart-winning 5 Marla plots where we suggest construction are:
Eastern Block Extension Phase 1
A Block, B Block, and B Block Extension of Phase 2
G5 Block of Bahria Orchard Phase 4
Ideal Plots for Investment
Investors looking for the best investment 5 Marla plots can get them easily in several blocks of Phase 2. Almost all the blocks A to N Blocks are offering profitable investment chances in 5 Marla. Plot prices in Bahria Orchard Phase 4 (5 Marla) is also the right option for investment.
Conclusion:
All these three phases of Bahria Orchard Lahore offer an excellent range of 5 Marla plots. However, choosing one plot over another completely depends on your budget and requirements. For further assistance and details, contact Universal Property Network! We are the authorized dealers of Bahria Town’s all housing societies across the country.
Please contact Universal Property Network For More Information click here or visit our youtube channel further assistance
Join The DiscussionApr. 20 – When taken together as a group, the combined members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) will become China’s top trading partners by 2015, according to the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade. Made up of Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, ASEAN[…..].
Mar.[…..]Practical Event Solutions have extensive experience working alongside local authorities, and have built up an in-depth understanding of the security issues that necessitate the protection and safeguarding of premises, data, supplies, employees and customers.
Our team are trained to the very highest standards, SIA licensed and CRB checked.
They are trained to detect and defuse risks to frontline reception, open office employees and any troublemakers and would-be attackers, effectively and discretely.
- Schools, colleges and universities
- Healthcare establishments
- Local councils across the UK
One of Bollywood’s finest actors, Irrfan Khan was diagnosed with the dreaded Neuroendocrine tumour last year. The Maqbool actor, back then, quickly left for London for his treatment.
Advertisement
After successful treatment the actor had returned back to the bay to face the camera, and was spotted at the Mumbai airport looking healthy as before. The actor soon began shooting for Maddock Film’s Angrezi Meduin, a sequel to his much-loved 2017’s Hindi Medium. Angrezi Medium also features Kareena Kapoor Khan, Radhika Madan and Dimple Kapadia among others in pivotal roles.
Advertisement
While the shot of the film was happening in London the cast and crew return to Mumbai after a wrap. However, fans have got all worked up as Irrfan was spotted exiting the airport on a wheel chair. The Piku actor was visibly uncomfortable being papped and hid his face with his jacket to avoid the hounding paparazzi at the airport.
Trending
A certain source had been quoted by Spotboye revealing that while having free time on the sets of Angrezi Medium, Irrfan was caught re-reading scripts to some of his best old works. The source revealed, . He’s been reading some of the scripts of his past work as a study for storytelling and to be rooted in his past work. It gives him motivation and inspiration for his work that he’s looking forward to”.
Well we hope that the actor has not gotten seriously ill and will soon get back to the best of his health.
Android & IOS users, download our mobile app for faster than ever Bollywood & Box Office updates!
Advertisement.
AdvertisementSign Size: Metal frame Size is 17″ X 14″. Miami Dolphins Neon Light Sign 17×14 Beer Cave Gift Bar Decor” is in sale since Tuesday, July 2, 2019. This item is in the category “Collectibles\Lamps, Lighting\Neon”. The seller is “in_future.
- Modified Item: No
- Material: Ren Glass Neon Tube
- Featured Refinements: Neon Beer Sign
- Handmade: Yes
- Applicable Placed: Beer Bar,Game Room, Karaoke,Pool Room,Pub,Coffee
- Voltage: AC 110V-240V
- Colors: Customized
- Product Type: Neon Sign Light Lamp
- Type: Neon
Mehnaz while shopping online. Or, you can go with expert suggestions who are specialized in selecting the right scrubs for the job, which I’m here with! Choose THE BEST SCRUBS for Women with a combination of comfortable and functional purposes.
This classy scrub set has every right to be the best in every aspect of medical scrubs. It’s manufactured with high-quality Cotton blended Poplin which is very comfortable to wear. You can easily wear it all day long and forget about the discomfort and itching you may find in other cheap scrubs..
If you are a professional, work in pressure and need plenty of pockets in your scrubs, this is the one for you. There are 6 pockets in this scrub set; two pockets on the shirt in both right and left hand. It will enable you to use both hands for putting in and reaching medical equipment in them. Two slash pockets along with extra two cargo pockets are enough space for Cellphones, IV Caps, stationary, and other med-kits.
Medical scrubs need to be super comfortable, this set of scrubs gives you the ultimate freedom to move around comfortably. The set is made with stretchy and breathable fabric, 97% polyester and 7% spandex. It gives a buttery soft feeling to your body and eliminates any kind of restriction in work. The added benefit of this making of the scrubs is that it’s super lasting.
It becomes a daunting job to find a perfect set of scrubs when it comes to finding a plus-size one. If you have been suffering from discomfort using non-plus size scrubs, this set will satisfy you. The design of this scrubs set is dedicated to serving you the most comfort without having to suffocate. The logo patch is attached to the left sleeve so that it doesn’t irritate you while working.WonderWink is another best scrubs for women.
The scrubs set plays multiple purposes as it comes with a bungee loop along with an elastic waist. The flared legs design lets you move around without sweating and irritation after wearing it for a long time. The side cuff vents and the V-neck collar take care of our upper body potion. It’s super adaptable with any type of washing method as well as there are tons of color variants.
If you are a medical professional man and wondering what are the best men’s scrubs, this is the right pick for you. Cherokee is the best scrubs for men and makes the best medical wearables in the market for a really long time and satisfies customers. It comes with a Pull-On enclosure and a bungee loop to help yourself with fitting the pants.
These pants come with cargo pockets to carry medical equipment, cellphones, and any other thing. Pockets are carefully designed with a double layer for extra space in them. The fabric of this medical cargo Scrubs pant is 65% polyester and 35% cotton. You can wash it with a machine or any other way, it will last a really long time. for functionality in this scrub acts as a surgical scrubs as well.
When it comes to carrying medical equipment, It allows you to carry medical equipment with 8 different pockets. So, Cherokee is best scrubs for doctors because this brand has affordable prices with traditional details, a modern fit and soft-to-the-touch fabric. There are two pockets at the back of the pants and two at the front along with the other two cargo pockets at the sides. For keeping your cell phone, personal gadgets, pen and others, there are three pockets on the shirt with separate pen holders. in this scrub looks after your comfort as well. Just Love is also one of the best scrubs for women.
When it comes to carrying medical equipment, It allows you to carry medical equipment with 8 different pockets. There are two pockets at the back of the pants and two at the front along with the other two cargo pockets at the sides. For keeping your cell phone, personal gadgets, pen and others, there are three pockets on the shirt with separate pen holders.
Doctors, Nurses and other medical professionals who have excessive sweating problems face a lot of problems in the clinic. However, in order to keep you safe from sweating and give you a soothing, comfortable feeling, Figs scrubs come into play. FION Technology and the moisture-wicking properties in the fabric helps you keep out of sweating for extra period of time
The other regular scrubs features are all present in this scrub as well. Functionalities like extra cargo pockets, professional appearance, modern V-Neck and so many other features are there to keep you on the go. All the stitches are wrinkle-proof and tailored fit will ensure extra durability and machine washing capability.
Cherokee is one of the most famous medical scrubs manufacturers who have a very big reputation in the business. Cherokee is mostly known for its professional touches on their medical scrubs and super versatile functionality. Now, if you are looking for the best one among the Cherokee scrubs pants, this is the one for you. With thousands of positive reviews, it speaks for itself about the comfort, functionalities and other amenities.
If you have been trying scrubs brands, try this out and get amazed with the buttery soft feeling! It will also give you extra longevity to last you long with beautifully stitched high-quality cotton and polyester fabric. It has multiple cargo pockets to carry all your medical equipment, cell phones, and other gadgets. Its rise is designed for men’s natural height and comes with a functional zip fly.
This unisex V-neck top has one chest pocket and two patch pockets. Side vents. Center back length 29 inch. he material is thick and stiff. After 2 washes, the top did get softer but is still somewhat stiff.
It has an adjustable drawstring, empire waist and soft stretchy knit side panels. this scrub looks very professional. These maternity styles are designed to support and flatter using your current size, so no need to size up. The best part is that Cherokee maternity scrubs are the best scrubs for women and are designed to fit in the same size as your other Cherokee uniforms. When ordering Cherokee Maternity styles, remember to order your pre-pregnancy size. Center back length- 27
Unisex scrub tops tend to have plunging necklines. Sometime most men would not like that at all but, some women may like that. Dickies Men’s Scrubs has V-line cut with a more conservative neckline, and in addition, pleats in back, plus a hanging tab on the back yoke. And also you will get the two pockets on the front and a pen pocket on the left chest in Dickies Men’s Scrubs. VERY nice scrubs, with good pockets and another best scrubs for men.
Scrubs are the sanitary clothing worn by surgeons, nurses, physicians and other workers involved in patient care in hospitals. Using a scrub as a medical uniform in the medical profession is severely important, there are tons of benefits of using medical scrubs. Here are some of the most important once:
Medical professionals have to deal with patients who have wounds and diseases that are dangerous to come in contact with. Some of the patients need extra care with proper protection from their bodily fluid as well. Medical scrubs are made with high-quality fabrics that are thick enough to protect the professional from the fluid and blood. It protects nurses, doctors and other medical professionals from Infectious Diseases that are spread with the bodily fluid of the patients.
Medical scrubs are economically efficient when it comes to cost, service, longevity, and maintenance. You can find high-quality scrubs in an affordable budget and it will last you a really long time. They come with multiple amenities to help you at service without having to run around. The scrubs are sturdy yet comfortable to wear for a long time and perfect for machine wash and repeated usage.
Medical professionals need to move around a lot, with that need in action, they want comfortable wearables while at work. They keep you comfortable while working for a long period of time in a stressful work environment like a clinic. For best comfortable scrubs with added benefits and functionalities, make sure you compare all the options in your budget. Visit the Amazon Best Sellers: Best Medical Uniforms & Scrubs page to get the best ideas on it.
Medical scrubs are designed to give you the utmost functionality and freedom while working with patients. If you need to carry IV syringes, stethoscopes, cell phones, medical gadgets, and other possible things, it will help you. Scrubs are basically designed with multiple pockets and other added functionalities that are important for medical professionals. Scrubs protect medical professionals from regular exposure to harmful pathogens.
A medical scrub will help you stand out and get recognized as a medical professional. Being a medical professional, you need extra amenities sometimes, such as running for an emergency or looking after a patient. If you are wearing a professional medical scrub, it will help you stand out in the crowd.
Scrubs are worn by medical workers in a variety of settings, and also the majority of healthcare workers and support staff in hospitals, veterinary or other places. In many hospitals, the color of scrubs helps distinguish between patient care departments, such as an emergency room, pediatrics, and labor and delivery.
Getting medical scrubs can be a daunting job if you don’t know what you are looking for. Here are some of the key features and benefits that you must look for in a medical scrub:
You need to wear your medical scrub for a really long time every day. Make sure you are getting the best comfortable outfit for your work.
Pockets in a medical scrub help you carry essential medical supplies like IV Caps, stationary, med-kits and other personal accessories like Cell phones. So, have a look if the scrubs have enough stationery and cargo pockets to keep you going.
If you are a pregnant woman and a medical professional, you must get a Plus-size scrubs that can easily fit you in. It has to have an adjustable body fitting and fairly elastic or band waist to keep you comfortable.
If you have any complications in your body, take that into account before buying a medical scrub. If you sweat a lot, make sure the scrub is designed to be sweatproof, such as the FIGS Casma Three-Pocket Scrub
Medical scrubs are usually made sturdy and thick in order to keep you on the run for a long time. However, some scrubs are not just sturdy enough to survive a few washes along the way. Make sure the scrub you are getting has the capability to survive you a really long time of machine wash.
V-necked scrub tops provide excellent comfort but don’t choose tops in which the V-neck plunges a bit too deeply. Over-exposure isn’t a good thing, if you aren’t wearing a T-shirt or other type of clothing under your scrub’s top.
Microfiber is the best fabric for medical scrubs. When it comes to durability and lasting quality of uniform scrubs, the appropriate fabrics are a major player. Microfiber is an amazing choice when designing a scrub set. MIcrofiber has unique wicking capabilities, which ‘wicks’ moisture away from the skin. It also made of stronger materials than cotton.
Surgical scrubs are disposable because scrubs are exposed with chemicals and bodily fluids during surgical procedures.
Surgical scrubs usually consist of lighter material, are sterile, and are comfortably loose to provide the surgeon with plenty of freedom of movement.
Declaring the best medical scrub- scrub uniforms depends on the type of work you do and the type of body you have. The over-sweating tendency, Pregnancy and other complications takes the dilemma even farther. The lists for the best scrub brands are: amazon scrubs
If a medical scrub has 65% cotton and 35% polyester in it, you can machine wash it with warm water. For drying, you can use a regular heat dryer on the scrub.
At least 65% cotton with 35% polyester in a medical scrubs makes it the ideal fabric for medical scrubs. It’s ideal for better durability and longevity for a scrub.
If you are selling new and regular medical scrubs, Amazon.com is the best way to go with it. However, if you are trying to sell your used scrubs, you can go with craigslist, as always.
There are several reasons why medical scrubs have V-neck design, such as you can take it off or put it on easily. If it has V-neck, you can wear it even if you are a little oversized person. It’s ideal for medical workplaces that need identical design and aesthetics to the wearables, the V-neck design brings that in.
A medical scrub is highly important if you’re a medical professional, as a doctor, nurse or even a genitor. It sets you apart from the other people who come to the clinic and walk around. A scrub can keep you safe from Cross-contamination and other dangers that are found in a medical area. You can never thank yourself enough to get through a bit of hassle to find the best medical scrubs. I hope the best medical scrubs reviews and the buying guide helped you find the best scrubs you want in your budget. Best of luck for your next shopping trip and stay fit and well at work!
Great Ones for YouJOIN OUR TEAM
JOB OVERVIEW
Provide proactive sales assistance, service and problem resolution to customers. Receive new product and effectively merchandise the store to promote sales.
JOB RESPONSIBILITES
• Merchandise products consistent with brand standards
• Maintain a clean and visually appealing sales floor
• Greet customers, provide assistance, ask questions and listen to identify customer needs
• Describe products and explain use, operation, and care of products to customers
• Recommend and help locate products suitable for customers’ needs
• Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions
• Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent these situations
• Other duties as required
QUALIFICATIONS
• Must have prior merchandising or design experience/education
• Portfolio of work to show highly preferred
• Customer service oriented
• Physical skills for unloading product deliveries
• Honesty and courtesy are required
• Must be reliable and on time for scheduled shifts
• Physical ability to stand for an extended amount of time
• Must be available to work weekends
Please send resume to hazelandgreyhome@gmail.comProperty Attributes
- ID#1269795
- TypeCondos
- CityOttawa
- NeighbourhoodBlossom Park
- Style
- Price$ 329,000
- Bedrooms3
- Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
KELLER WILLIAMS INTEGRITY REALTY
Data Source:
Canadian Real Estate Association
Property Description
END UNIT 3 bed, 2 bath townhome located in the family oriented neighbourhood of Blossom Park. Bright foyer leads to the open concept living & dining areas. Large windows bring in plenty of natural sunlight throughout the home. Bright kitchen with glass backsplash, plenty of counter space, cabinetry for storage and a breakfast bar. Second level features all three large and well-lit bedrooms. Basement features a recreational room and partial bath. Fenced yard w/ garden and gate backing onto green space. 2 parking spaces. Great family atmosphere w/ park in back, splash pad and soccer field 5 minute walk, bus routes, grocery store around the corner, close to airport, downtown and plenty of amenities & recreation. Holding offers Monday Nov 29 at 5:00pm. Seller reserves the right to review and accept pre emptive offer. (id:7434)
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolIt’s Beltane today, an ancient pagan festival of fertility and growth, celebrated on the 1st May. What a lovely time of year to be out in the fresh air, and wandering around ancient fenland… the Trust’s wonderful Askham Bog, one of my ‘luckiest’ reserves.
Lucky because in my many visits over the years I’ve had some fabulous sightings there: willow tits, bullfinches, treecreepers, roe deer, water shrew, several different dragonfly species, and many more. You do have to actually visit places (and now we can a bit more, yay!) where the birds and beasties hang out, but you sometimes need a little luck too to be in the right place at the right time. Although you don’t need luck to see - as I do this morning - fresh green burgeoning spirals of the Royal Fern, cheerful little cuckoo flowers, and in-your-face kingcups, glowing yellow-bright in the morning sunshine. Unlike things with legs and wings, plants and flowers obligingly stay in one place!
This visit however I’m here as part of my work on well-being via the natural world; facilitating a small group having some quiet time in nature, interspersed with questions and discussion on how nature impacts on our sense of well-being. With picnic time afterwards, of course: even the most mundane lunchtime sandwich tastes better when eaten outside in the spring sunshine.
I arrive before our agreed meet up time so I can prepare myself, mentally, and just be alone to breathe in the delicious air: and, to use that standard birding and wildlifing phrase - to see what’s about.
What’s about first up is a perky robin. Someone has left some dried mealworms on a fence post - it’s a favourite spot for photographers, I know, so perhaps one was here even earlier than me. In which case, the early photographer caught the bird… with the worm. ‘My’ robin whips in, picks one up and whips out again as I pass very close by. Although I really enjoy more isolated nature reserves, one of the lovely things about more populated ones is that the birds become very used to people being about, and are less timid. Or, to use another birding word: more confiding. Though I’ve yet to have a robin whisper his secrets in my ear.
Askham is a great reserve for anyone with mobility issues, or who uses a wheelchair or scooter, because you can stay on the boardwalk, safe and dry, and still experience plenty of nature’s bounty. I have to admit though that I love going ‘off-piste’, and there are wonderful wilder (and wetter!) parts of the reserve to explore.
I step over a stile, and move away from the designated walk. Within seconds, there’s the feeling I have so often in the natural world: I lose that sense of I, that sense of who and what I am; of what’s going on in my little life, and sort of meld in with everything around me. What the poet Wordsworth describes as “a sense sublime of something far more deeply interfused”. This notion of ‘becoming one’ with nature, or ‘communing’ with it, can seem a bit strange to many people, but for others (and more of us have experienced this during our enforced local lockdown walks) it can be a calming and healing process. As well as the intellectual joys of just getting to learn more about our own natural environment.
One of my group today, for example, is surprised to discover that catkins are not just from one kind of tree! They had a vague notion from childhood of them being called ‘pussy willows’ and they’re fascinated to find out there are hazel, alder, oak, and a variety of willows all present at Askham, each with their distinctive catkins. They enjoy the experience of touching and smelling the different catkins - though perhaps not the best activity for those sensitive to tree pollen!
In the ‘highlights of the morning’ discussion before our picnic lunch, people talk about the species they enjoyed seeing, especially for the first time. Wren - “how can such a small bird make such a big noise??” - was one surprise; treecreeper - “should be tree-spiraller” - was another; and a pair of very close-up roe deer was exciting for someone else who’d only ever seen them from a train.
They comment too on less tangible aspects: being soothed by the sound of breezes in the reeds; feeling more alert and in-the-moment; more respectful of surroundings; experiencing more acutely different sensory inputs; and so on. For me, much as I love my lone wanderings in nature, it’s such a joy to be with others experiencing nature in a deeper way than they have before, whether from a cognitive or an emotional perspective.
But nature does have its little irritating behaviours and, just as we settle on the bench at the dragonfly pond for lunch, the rain descends. And in the proverbial bucketsful. So no picnic in the spring sunshine after all, but otherwise a most satisfying excursion.bebe
White jumpsuit
$55 $200
Size
Like and save for later
Add To Bundle
Reposhing this item I purchased from @santaltacconi. Loved it, but ready to rotate for something new. Never wore . Just sitting in my closet … it’s gorgeous. Just too much cleavage for my husbands liking :) Questions? Leave a comment below!
Shipping/Discount
fluffygemsmokey and 13 others like this
9 Comments
kred23 What is the length?
Oct 15Reply
kred23 Can you share the measurements?
Oct 16Reply
kred23 If the length works than I will purchase it. Ty
Oct 16Reply
kred23 Hi, did you find the measurements? Have they been tailored? I just have long legs so want to make sure they are at least ankle length
Oct 17Reply
lvdmarte @kred23 hello… I’m away until tonight . I will measure when I get home. Thank you
Oct 17Reply
kred23 @lvdmarte ok ty
Oct 17Reply
allypars Hi, what is the actual size written on the tag(6 or 8)?
Oct 22Reply
lvdmarte @allypars 6
Oct 22Reply
allypars @lvdmarte oh darn, I need a size 8. Thank you
Oct 22Reply
Other Listings you may like
People also Searched
Find Similar Listings
About the seller
Select Size to Continue
4 Signs Your Home Network Isn’t Robust Enough
Here are the Signs You Might Need a Home Networking Upgrade
With the increasing popularity of the Internet of Things and the connectedness it provides, homeowners need a robust home network now more than ever.
From increasing bandwidth demands due to more internet-connected devices in your house to the challenges posed by internet dead spots, if you want to enjoy the best performance from your home technologies, you could benefit from the help of a networking professional.
At Unlimited Integration, we are the Bellaire and greater Houston area’s local source for all things home networking services. In this blog, we explore four signs that you could benefit from a home network upgrade. Just keep reading below to find out more.
SEE ALSO: Can Your Network Handle the Needs of a Smart Home?
You Own Many Wireless Devices and Plan to Invest in More
If you already own many smart, wireless gadgets and plan on adding more for the holidays, you might want to listen up. If you’re running several devices through one network, your network gets congested and performance might suffer if you don’t have enough bandwidth available to support that amount of demand. Unlimited Integration’s team of HTA-certified experts wants you to enjoy all the technology that you want and need within your home, so we examine your current network and device load and execute a carefully crafted plan to improve your network performance.
You’re Relying Too Much on One Router
Routers only cover a small radius within your home, yet so many households are using one to cover their entire homes. If you can check your emails or Facebook within a small circumference of the house, or even just in certain rooms, blame your wireless reach. We can install wireless access points in targeted areas of your property to extend your network’s Wi-Fi signal.
Your Netflix Shows Keep Freezing, Mid-Stream
Wireless streaming services, especially video, require extensive bandwidth from your home network. HD and 4K content takes an extra toll. If you watch online streams and they continually pause to buffer, you find that pages take long times to load while browsing the internet, or you find that smart home devices are slow to respond, it could mean that your internet speeds are to blame. After all, most internet service providers offer basic plans featuring internet speeds of just 150 Mbps. We recommend upgrading to a plan of at least 1,000 Mbps download speeds to support continual smart home usage.
Your Upgraded Internet Package Still Isn’t Working
Your local internet service provider knows that you need faster internet to support all of your wireless devices, but they don’t have the installation prowess to guarantee a quicker connection throughout our house. Our team at Unlimited Integration looks at the coverage gaps within your network and explores unique, home network solutions.
Speed isn’t everything: We’re also concerned with safety and continued satisfaction. We collaborate with your ISP to ensure a safe system that can handle anything your home technology throws its way, including outside attacks. Better yet, we promise to provide ongoing support to ensure your network keeps up to speed with any device installations or updates to your home.
New Year, New Network
We suggest professional getting help with home networking services before the end of the year. You won’t only reap the benefits immediately after installation, but the right setup will ensure smoother access for devices you install in the future (or maybe some fun smart technology gifts you receive for the holidays.) Again, we don’t just set your network and forget it – we provide ongoing support for you and your home.
Ready for a more streamlined wireless network that can manage all your home functionalities simultaneously? You can contact one of our experts today by calling 832.857.0080, filling out our online contact form, or talking to a chat representative on the bottom right of the screen. We hope to hear from you soon!A burglary trial was halted after the defendant pooped in the dock, then hurled his feces at a judge and screamed Its protein! Its good for you.
Dorleans Philidor, 33, cleared the courtroom in Miami Friday after pulling the foul stunt, which happened just as closing arguments were about to begin.
Officials described Philidors actions as casting feces, and said the waste material didnt.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jurors acquitted Philidor of breaking into a North Miami Beach home later on Friday afternoon.
The career criminal, who has multiple previous convictions, could now face a separate trial over his feces-throwing.
The suspect tried a similar suspected stalling tactic during Thursdays lunch recess, the Miami Herald reported.
That saw him poop on himself, before smearing it all over his own body, and his holding cell, which was next to the couRead More – SourceErika D. Smith: Community centers are too important to fail
When word got out that the Martin Luther King Community Center would have to close its doors for a few months to figure out how to pay its bills, Regina Marsh started to panic.
It was February. It was freezing. Hundreds of clients at her Forest Manor Multiservice Center already needed help paying their heating bills. Others were hungry and, as usual, had depleted the Eastside community center’s food pantry. The idea of serving even more people, those displaced from the MLK center, sounded overwhelming, if not impossible.
“How are we going to serve these folks?” the chief executive asked. “Do we have the funding to serve these folks? And how can we get the funding to serve these folks?”
Forest Manor is what its leadership calls “financially challenged.” Not nearly as broke as the MLK center, but things aren’t as great as they once were. The same is true for the Fay Biccard Glick Neighborhood Center at Crooked Creek on the Northwestside and several other community centers across the city’s impoverished urban core.
Being on financially shaky ground has become the norm — and, as the MLK center proved, sometimes with disastrous consequences for the city’s most vulnerable residents. Without more support from the community, other centers could go under, too.
We can’t let that happen.
In the same way that the nation’s largest banks were considered “too big to fail” during the recession, community centers are too important to fail now. Their impact is too great.
In neighborhoods where poverty is rampant, they offer job training, help getting a GED and financial literacy courses. In neighborhoods riddled with drugs and gun violence, they offer summer and after-school programs for children who otherwise might spend their time in the streets.
Consider that in 2013, there were 125 criminal homicides in Indianapolis, the most since 2006. Many of those slayings happened in the urban core and on the Far Eastside, the same struggling neighborhoods that these community centers serve.
What would happen if those centers were gone? How many more people, particularly ex-offenders, would turn to crime to make enough money to pay rent or buy food if they couldn’t rely on services from a community center?
“The impact of not helping people in need,” said Helen Lands, executive director of Crooked Creek. “I don’t know if anyone wants to fully experience that.”
I know I don’t.
Yet there’s not much of a coordinated safety net to help these centers. They don’t seem to be a priority. The city, over the years, has continued to cut funding and is considering changing the funding formula to a merit-based system. United Way of Central Indiana is the most consistent organization funding the centers, and it evaluates their financial performance rigorously. Yet it often waits too long to forcefully step in to help a flailing community center.
“We’re not in the business of saving agencies. We haven’t been for a long time,” said Ann D. Murtlow, president and CEO of United Way. “We will help them as much as they will allow us to, but again, we don’t run these agencies.”
Community center leaders say they feel very much on their own to sink or swim. But the centers also are asked to prop up a large percentage of the city’s most vulnerable population.
The United Way might not be in the business of saving community centers, but someone needs to be. Maybe it’s a task force. Maybe it’s part of the mayor’s new “Your Life Matters” initiative. As a city, we need to figure it out.
Doing so will prove challenging. Community centers are in financial turmoil for many reasons. The economy still stinks. Donors have pulled back and, increasingly, are demanding proof that nonprofits are using money wisely. Restrictions on grants have become so onerous that budgeting around them is difficult.
Then there are the compounding factors that come along with being a poor nonprofit in poor neighborhoods. Finding board members with the experience and the connections needed to raise money from wealthy donors is tough. So, often, the people who do end up on the boards of community centers are disengaged and not up to the task of creating a vision for the organization or changing its culture to be more businesslike.
It’s a perfect storm of negativity at a time when the expectations for nonprofits to operate efficiently and effectively have never been higher.
But the fact remains that Indianapolis depends on these community centers more than ever. We can take a more active role to help them become more financially stable and self-sufficient or watch as they stumble, fall and take the rest of the urban core with them.
Which would you choose?
Contact Star columnist Erika D. Smith at (317) 444-6424, erika.smith@indystar.com, on Twitter: @erika_d_smith or at.Rendcomb pupils meet award winning Author at this year’s Cheltenham Literature Festival
Year 7 pupils met award winning author, Anthony Horowitz OBE, at this year’s Cheltenham Literature Festival on Friday, 5 October.
Rendcomb pupils embarked on the annual trip to the festival, listening to a talk given by Anthony on his journey into writing and the challenges he faced.
During his talk he spoke of his early school life and the challenges he faced before finding his passion for writing through late night storytelling in the library of his boarding school. He wrote his first book at the age of 16 however it took many years before it became published.
Year 7 pupil, Charlton, said: “Anthony’s story were a great example of determination and never giving up.”
After the talk pupils got the opportunity to go around the local book stores and had the chance to get their books signed by Anthony Horowitz.
Charlton continued: “The most memorable part of the day was when Anthony Horowitz read part of his next Alex Rider book which even his publisher hasn't seen yet!”
Head of English, Sarah Read, said: “The students loved the experience and were thrilled that they got to speak with, get books signed from and have a selfie taken with the great man himself. Horowitz is an engaging and inspiring author who really helped the students to understand that books are doors through which to see the world - real or imagined. From the discussions on the journey home, I think we have an awful lot to look forward to from these eager young readers and writers.”
Anthony Horowitz OBE is an English Novelist and screenwriter famed for his mystery and suspense writing. His works include 2 Sherlock Holmes novels and is the most recent author chosen to write James Bond novels by the Ian Fleming estate. He has also contributed scripts for ITV’s Agatha Christie's Poirot and Midsomer Murders and created such shows as ITV’s Foyle’s War and BBC’s New Blood.
His work for young adults includes the Alex Rider series, with the first book, Stormbreaker, being turned into a film in 2006 which included Ewan McGregor, Stephen Fry and Robbie Coltrane in the all-star cast.By signing up you'll receive infrequent emails with updates of my blog posts, future workshops, virtual courses, retreats and other events. First Name Last Name Email address: I will never share your information with anyone else. Ever. And the legal bit... When you've had enough of hearing from me send an email to martin@martinfeaver.com to let me know and I'll remove you from my list. By clicking below, you agree that I may process your information in accordance with the terms of GDPR. Mailchimp is my marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. It won't be shared with anyone there either. Leave this field empty if you're human:5 days Deluxe Rwanda Safari
DETAILED ITINERARY:
DAY 1: Arrive Kigali International Airport
On arrival at Kigali International Airport, you will be met by your driver/guide and be transferred to your hotel in Kigali.
OVERNIGHT: LEMIGO HOTEL
MEALS: B/L/D.
OVERNIGHT: MOUNTAIN GORILLA VIEW LODGE
MEALS: B/L/D
DAY 3: Gorilla Tracking
You will be up early on the morning of your Gorilla Tracking for a good breakfast in preparation for the day’s physical activity. You will report for registration at the ranger station by 8 AM. After a briefing by the rangers, your gorilla trek will start. The trek usually takes between three and six hours so a reasonable degree of fitness is required, as well as a strong pair of walking boots or shoes.
The rangers will guide you through the fields, up the gentle slopes of the volcanoes and into the bamboo forest.’ behaviour.
OVERNIGHT: MOUNTAIN GORILLA VIEW LODGE
MEALS: B/L/D.
OVERNIGHT: MOUNTAIN GORILLA VIEW LODGE
MEALS: B/L/D.
OVERNIGHT: MOUNTAIN GORILLA VIEW LODGE
MEALS: B/L/D
Day 6: Depart
After breakfast and depending on your flight departure timings, We depart for Kigali, arriving in time for last minute shopping, lunch and transfer to the airport to catch your flight back home.
MEALS: B/L/D
PRICE INCLUDES:
All accommodation on Half Board (HB), Full Board (FB) or Bed and Breakfast (B&B) basis as quoted in the text
Safari vehicle and fuel
English speaking tourist guide
1 gorilla permit per person
1 Golden Monkey tracking permit per person
Game drives and walks
Entrance fees to the national parks
All boat tours
Taxes
Free mineral water in the vehicle during the tour.
From $3300
5
days
KAWIRA SAFARIS
|| RWANDA CLASSIC ITINERARY ||
► Guaranteed departure from Kigali with a minimum of two travelers.
► Dates and itinerary are customizable.
► This itinerary also available as a Group safari with set departure dates, limited to 12 travelers.Vought F-8 Crusader Limited Edition Large Mahogany Model
Regular price
$249.00
Sale price
$349.00
Unit price per
With an air intake like a largemouth bass, the Vought F-8 Crusader easily fed its Pratt & Whitney turbojet engine, propelling the Navy and Marine Corps fighter to a top speed of Mach 1.2. The F-8 entered service in 1960 and retired in 1987, playing a key role as a carrier-based asset in Vietnam. At a time when radar-guided missiles were becoming the norm, the F-8 still depended on a 20mm canon as its primary armament, earning it the nickname “The Last of the Gunfighters.”
This exquisite Vought F-8 Crus
- 17.5 Inch Length
- Material: Mahogany Wood
- Base Plate: Limited Edition Numbered Metal Plate IncludedHi, welcome to visit!
Stone Crushing Machine : Barmac faco b5100 vsi crusher - We provide customers with a variety of good quality construction and mining crushing equipment, and optimize the combination of various types of equipment to meet different process needs.
B9100 vsi crusher for sale - InsideQuebec.de. â€¦ itself.
Barmac 9000 duopactor manual de servicio wingstone . agente para nordber barmac vsi trituradora de cme barmac b series 6150 se rl vsi duopactor zenith barmac b series 6150 se rl vsi barmac vsi crusher spare . obtenga soporte en lnea barmac vsi crusher mobile crushers all over the world. barmac vsi crusher. heavy industry is specialized in the design manufacture and supply of .
Barmac B 9100 Se Vsi Crusher fraessle-maschinenservice
Barmac B Series Vertical Shaft ImpactorTON Barmac VSI. The S Series Vertical Shaft ImpactVSI crusher was improved on basis of the technology of Barmacit has had a huge impact on the global quarrying and minerals processing industries. The Barmac S-Series VSI is â€¦
Barmac B5100 VSI Rotor STD Cascade 0 Tip Speed 65ms. Metso Minerals Matamata Limited Mangawhero Road Private Bag 4071 Matamata New Zealand. ... barmac vsi crusher for fine aggregate Clinker Grinding Mill. barmac vsi crusher for fine aggregate. â€¦ crusher for salejaw crusher for salemobile crusherore crusher ...
Barmac Barmac Crusher Replacement Parts Barmac B9100 B9600 B5100 B8100 VSI Crusher Replacement Parts . Up to 5 years warranty. US 15.00-15.00 Set 2 Sets Min. Order 1 YR . Jiangsu Hyton Mechanical Equipment Co. Ltd. 3 83.3 Great service 1 ...
Barmac crusher used. Barmac VSI Crushers Barmac B-Series VSI. The User-Friendly VSI crusher The Barmac B-Series VSI is designed with ease of installation in mind. Assembly installation and commissioning can be achieved by two people in 2-3 days.
Barmac faco b5100 vsi crusher naanandcurry.ch. Trituradora Barmac B barmac fao b5100 vsi crusher Barmac B6900 Mk2 Duopactor VSI crusherscouk basalto utilizada para o que numa casa barmac faco b5100 vsi crusher latourdebebellebe . Trituradora de piedra utilizado para En Venta En . barmac parts for sale ninanscollegeorg. ...
Barmac faco b5100 vsi Ð´Ñ€Ð¾Ð±Ð¸Ð»ÐºÐ° hygiene-ok.de . Barmac Vsi Crusher User Manual Our company has been devoted to mining machinery for 40 years. With its ingenuity quality intimate service and good reputation it has aroused the backbone of Chinese manufacture and won the praise of â€¦.
Barmac rock on rock vsi crusher. barmac fao b5100 vsi crusher quien fabrica chancador vsi barmac - Gulin maquinaria. . molino de impacto vsi barmac 7100 . vsi crusher rock on rock CGM mining appliion barmac crusherdetail information:HX series impact crusher is a high-efficiency rock crus Intro: brand-new VSI crusherwhich is high-functioned equipment for making sand and sh
Barmac Rotor Suit B5100se B6150se VSI Crusher Parts. China Barmac Rotor Suit B5100se B6150se VSI Crusher Parts Find details about China Barmac B5100 Barmac Crusher Parts from Barmac Rotor Suit B5100se B6150se VSI Crusher Parts - Maanshan City Hyton Heavy Industry. Get Price
Barmac Virtical Shaft Impact Crusher Clay Mill Prices In. Nov 12 2016 VSI crusher for kaolin clay mining crusher for kaolin Mining Plant is manufactured from Shanghai It is the main mineral processing solutions Barmac B 5100 Se Vsi Crusher Mining Quarrying Motor Type : crusher â€¦
Barmac vsi crushers barmac b series vsi b7150se b6150se b5100se bb the user friendly vsi crusher the barmac b series vsi is designed with. Obtenir le prix. barmac b7150se vsi spares list . 100 customer reviews. Barmac series: B3100SE B5100SE B6150SE B7150SE B9100SE. rotor tip : barmac rotor tips. VSI : Barmac VSI.
Catalogos b11000 saeries vsi crusher. fao b5100 vsi crusher in. . Barmac Crusher Barmac Crusher Cone
Catalogos barmac b11000 saeries vsi crusher. barmac barmac fao b5100 vsi crusher in. .get price
Crusher plant manufacturer of DXN Company is good at stone mining Suppliers and Manufacturers at Wholesale Various High Quality Products from Global Suppliers and FactoryImporporter at Alibaba Faco B5100 Vsi Crusher tfoje svedala vsi barmac crusher b 6100 shers Manganese Crusher svedala barmac b7000 crushers detail barmac .
Crusher Vsi 200 C150 Jaw Crusher YouTube Sep 25 2013 The new heavy duty C150 jaw crusher is designed without compromise to be the leading jaw crusher in the Obter pre o trituradora vsi pizzaornhot agente para nordber vsi triturador de cone triturador de cono agente para . 
Crushers crushers Suppliers and705 crushers products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba of which mining machinery parts accounts for 89 crusher ac crusher â€¦
Crushing plant familiar barmac faco b5100 vsi crusher. Barmac Fao B5100 VSI Crusher Crusher Barmac b5100 vsi crusher Barmac 5000 vsi crusher 170 m kompleet conveyors met ratkaste 600 mm band 2 x Screens 1 x Crushers en Screens Te Koop Get More CGM barmac â€¦
Crushing plant familiar barmac faco b5100 vsi crusher. crusher plant chinese suppliers in united arab emirates . sand making plant designed by sbm in uae . Crusher grinding machine used for crushing in stone quarry coal cement plant mineral ore . Get Price Barmac Faco B5100 ...
FL Spiral ClassifierBuy Spiral Classifier Price - Durable Crusher HCS Series Hydraulic Cylinder Cone Crusher B Series VSI Crusher...Jaw Crusher Capacity Parameter Barmac Crusher For Sale Small Scale Ball Mill ... 2FLG-24 Ï†2400 2400 3.6-7 9130 5100 14-18.5 1160 13600 2 18.5 3 2 ...FL Spiral Classifier is widely used in mineral processing plant to match with the ball ...
How many types ofersrock mining p l avondale harare. kersrock mining p l avondale harare HFC Refrigerants 55 HST Hydraulic Cone CrusherHST series hydraulic cone crusher is combined with technology such as machinery hydraulic pressure electricity automation intelligent control etc.representing the most advanced crusher technology in the world.get price
Mesin crusher penghancur keramik . profesional dan purna jual Sampah Plastik Prestasi Baedowy the path of silence!
MetsoNorbergBarmac B5100 Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher. Item Number. 3480991. Location. Grande Prairie Alberta Canada. Marketplace. Marketplace-E Sold on 62320 Winning Offer. CAD 14000 of Offers 1 View Offer History of Watchers 3 SOLD! ITEM DETAILS. Serial 75 hp. Get PurchaseFlex ...
Model B5100 VSI Used Barmac Vertical Glass Crusher. BARMAC B5100 Vertical Shaft Impactor Fully Refurbished and complete with New Rotor New Cartridge Bearings amp Shaft New 55Kw Motor New Pulleys amp Belts New Spare bare rotor...
Nháºn gi v há»— trá»£ Barmac Crusher Cho Quáºng Sáº¯t. dolomite trong luyen kim. dolomite trong luyen kim - Crusher Machines 81 C c sáº£n pháº©m Ä‘ Ä‘Æ°á»£c sá» dá»¥ng trong sáº£n xuáº¥t ph o hoa c c sáº£n pháº©m ch y t n hiá»‡u. c c t c nh n khá» trong qu tr nh ho hoáºc luyá»‡n kim.
We provide quality and efficient solutions to our global customersJavascript seems to be disabled in your browser.You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Welcome Guest
Original Sterling Silver Designs Since 1983
Wholesale Only
Zoom
This mystical and mesmerizing Snake Charm plated in 24K gold will add a touch of magic to your designs..
Carry this powerful charm in your jewelry collection as a reminder that life is a never ending story. Find more powerful symbols in out Talisman Collection.
Our vermeil style gold plate is 40 micro inches of 98.5% pure gold plated over sterling silver with a fine layer of nickel in between. Get more information on our gold plate.
Length includes 5mm Jump Ring.
Eyes of Eternal Life Earrings
Spirit Serpent Earrings27th November 2015
Bangladesh
The availability of generic Harvoni has been a confusing affair since about August 2015 when Incepta in Bangladesh began producing Twinvir.
At first there were concerns about quality however testing and actual treatment results consistently showed that Twinvir was, and is, a genuine Harvoni equivalent.
Twinvir is available in Bangladesh and I can give you reliable contacts who will ship to you. However I would suggest that going to Bangladesh and buying direct from Incepta is a good option and I can give you all the Incepta contact details.
Another option is to fly to Thailand where I can give you a contact who can get Twinvir for you. The cost in Bangladesh for a 12 week treatment is about US$1,100
India
Generic Indian Harvoni has been on the horizon for some time. It was known that Gilead had licensed at least four major Indian pharmaceutical manufacturers to make and distribute generic versions of Harvoni.
This has already been done and since October 2015 there have been warehouses full of generic Harvoni waiting to be sold however the Indian bureaucracy has been slow granting approval for the sale of Generic Harvoni in India.
In the mean time one Indian company, Natco, managed to get permission from the government in Nepal to begin selling its generic Harvoni, Hepcinat-LP, in Nepal.
So you can get licensed generic Harvoni in Nepal. Unfortunately I do not have any contacts in Nepal.
A release date of mid December has been given for Indian Harvoni but based on previous experience with India it may be January or February.
The expected cost of generic Indian Harvoni, on the street in India, is about US$1,350
Australia
There are three compound chemists making a Harvoni equivalent in Australia of Sofosbuvir and Ledipasvir. One of these has all their output consumed by the demands of the FixHepC Buyers’ Club.
The other two chemists are in Sydney and they make their Harvoni equivalent from Sofosbuvir and Ledipasvir supplied by an Australian Government approved pharmaceutical supplier. Every batch of Sof and Led are analysed and tested by an independent certification process. So the quality is 100%.
It is a requirement of Australian law that Sofosbuvir and Ledipasvir can only be supplied to a patient with a prescription from an Australian registered doctor. However you do not need to be an Australian resident or even be in Australia as you can get an online consultation with an Australian doctor and then get the prescription. Once you have the prescription you can deal directly with the chemist and order the Sofosbuvir 400mg and Ledipasvir 90mg. These come in capsules and lactose free fillers are used.
This process has been in operation for almost 2 months now and the results are now flowing through.
So to get the Australian generic Harvoni equivalent you can come to Australia and pick it up or you can organise it all online.
Total cost for a 12 week treatment is AUD$2,350Dem market requires a whole new approach.
Personalized pricing presents an ideal solution to feed shoppers’ need for both individuality and value—without forcing retailers and brands to sacrifice margin.
As it exists today, personalized pricing is the process of customizing offers and promotions to individual consumers based on their past purchase behavior, price sensitivity and propensity to buy. (Though commonly used interchangeably, personalized pricing is not the same as dynamic pricing. Dynamic pricing is actually pricing that changes in response to factors unrelated to the consumer, such as weather, time of day and market demand.)
Personalized pricing has been around for several years—particularly online. But thanks to the growth of consumer data and advanced analytics platform, it’s getting a lot more attention across all channels, including brick-and-mortar. Shoppers’ redefinition of value and their increasing desire for customization is also playing a role.
According to proprietary research from Daymon, the majority of global shoppers—six out of 10—have an interest in greater engagement with retailers, brands and the shopping experience as a whole. These engaged shoppers define value beyond price and seek out differentiated retail experiences that are tailored to their needs, attitudes and lifestyle. Personalized pricing can deliver on this desire—and at the same time, helps retailers end their participation in the race to offer the lowest price.
“Personalized deals make shoppers more likely to spend more overall,” says Dr. Timothy Richards, economist and chair of agribusiness at the Morrison School of Agribusiness at Arizona State University. But perhaps more importantly, he explains, they also allow retailers to get more value out of each transaction. “Shoppers will pay more for some items and less for others, but on net—the retailer will be able to make more money.”
“Shoppers are price-sensitive, but not on every item,” agrees Cheryl Sullivan, Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer for Revionics, a leading profit optimization software company. Rather than simply chasing competitor’s prices or having promotions for promotions’ sake, “it’s really about understanding what your shoppers’ key value items are and being competitive on those items.”
OK, so you get that personalized pricing and promotions are a good thing. But how exactly does it work—especially in the brick-and-mortar space?
“You have to be able to segment shoppers more granularly—for example, separating cat buyers versus dog buyers,” says Sullivan. “You also have to know where best to reach the customer, what the ultimate right price is and then what kind of offer they’re going to respond best to, whether it’s buy-one-get-one, or a coupon or a flat percentage off.”
Sullivan admits this is a pain point for many retailers. “A lot of retailers just repeat the same promotions over and over again and accept different results. Most don’t have a lot of promotional data… [so they] don’t really have a good idea of what their promotions are actually doing for them. We’ve found that out of 90 percent of promotions, revenue comes from only 30 percent, and 85 percent of the profit comes from the top 15 percent [of promotions].”
Taking the time to collect and analyze existing pricing and promotional data is a critical first step. Advanced software and machine-learning technologies can then help predict future promotions that will be the most successful. Add in consumer data and those promotions can be targeted down to the personal level.
One caveat, says Rekha Ramesh, Senior Vice President of IT and Digital for Daymon, is that the consumer data used can’t cross the line into discrimination. “Personalized pricing can be a fine line when it comes to legality,” she explains. “As long as you’re basing it on consumer behavior, like past purchases or Google searches, and not demographics, like race or ethnicity, it’s considered more acceptable. A good example is using past purchase data to cross sell or incentivize certain behaviors, which is expected by the consumer.”
Once you know the right pricing and promotions to offer, delivery is the next issue. Unlike mass promotions, you can’t advertise personalized deals in a circular or even on the shelf. Fortunately, the widespread use of digital technologies presents an ideal alternative.
Grocery retailer Safeway’s “Just 4 U” program is a good example. By linking their loyalty card to the retailer’s app or a profile on the retailer’s website, shoppers can browse and download personalized price offers and digital coupons for redemption in the store. The personalized offers are based on previous purchase habits, helping to ensure their relevancy.
By requiring shoppers to take action in order to receive these personalized prices and deals, a model like Safeway’s helps avoid what Dr. Richards says is one of the key challenges of personalized pricing: consumer perceptions of unfairness. “I was involved in a personalized pricing study where the premise was that a consumer would walk through the store and use their smartphone to get personalized prices sent to them. It sounds good in theory, but we found people don’t like getting a worse deal than other people,” he explains. “If they think that other people might be getting a better deal, they won’t come back.”
Dr. Richards research also found, however, that this perception of unfairness can be mitigated if shoppers’ have the opportunity to participate in the price formation process somehow.
“Smart couponing is one way to get there. If shoppers are spending their time to get the lower price, others are more likely to accept it as fair that they pay more if they don’t put in that same effort,” he says.
Another innovative strategy a retailer in Europe is trying is crowdsourced pricing. Carrefour, one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world, introduced a campaign in France in late 2016 that allowed its shoppers to vote on the price of a new line of milk that was being introduced. Shoppers were asked to choose how much they thought farmers should receive per liter, with different amounts affecting the final retail price of the milk.
Overwhelmingly shoppers chose a higher amount (39 cents per liter) than what was considered the world standard (27 cents per liter). This amount was described as an option that would allow farmers to earn a living and pay for a replacement when taking time off. The final retail price of 99 cents per liter, which shoppers also approved, was 10-30 cents higher than the typical price for unbranded milk.
While not fully one-to-one personalized pricing, this crowdsourcing model provides a similar level of perceived customization and fairness by allowing shoppers to participate in the pricing process. It also proves that many shoppers are not simply focused on getting the lowest price (only three percent voted for that option in the milk survey). They’re willing to pay more—allowing more margin for producers and retailers—for items that take their needs and preferences into account and align with their values.
Combining personalized pricing with customizable products and services is yet another avenue for retailers to explore. “Personalized pricing becomes even more acceptable and compelling if the product is also customized. This way shoppers can’t compare their pricing to others because the end product is not the same,” says Ramesh. She points to opportunities to expand this personalization proposition across many industries—whether it’s offering customized salad mixes at grocery, tailored garments in fashion, or build-your-own specs in computers.
Ramesh says the practice of personalized pricing will continue to rise, and retailers would do best to begin sooner rather than later. “Developing a personalized pricing and promotion program isn’t just about having the data or the technology. It needs to be integrated across multiple different systems and departments,” she explains. “You have to align your Marketing data, your POS data and your social media data, for example.”
Sullivan is also bullish on personalized pricing and believes retailers can overcome the challenges. “We know that getting there can be big and daunting, but you can do it in stages. You have to do it or you’re going to get left behind. If you are not looking at new technologies and ways to reinvent yourself and aligning against who the shopper is today, you’re just not going to be in business.”SPORT CAFE RACER
Part of Honda’s new sport naked, 'Neo-Sport Cafe' range, the 2018 Honda CB300R features an all new frame that includes both pressed and tubular steel to achieve a tuned and rigid design to improve feedback to the rider. Powered by a 286cc DOHC four-valve, liquid-cooled single cylinder engine, the little Honda weighs in at a lightweight 143kg wet. And is available from July in chromosphere red or matte grey metallic colour design.- 2nd
- 02:09 pm * ping Joey * - 2 comments
- 3rd
- 09:52 am Handel's Messiah - 1 comment
- 4th
- 11:23 pm It's a cartoon, dang it! - 2 comments
- 5th
- 08:27 am * ping Alex (and all my pirate crazy friends) * - 1 comment
- 8th
- 07:13 am birthday BIRTHDAY birthday
- 9th
- 01:36 pm birthday birthday birthday - 1 comment
- 09:40 pm Just what have I been up to? - Last Weekend
- 10:25 pm Just what have I been up to? - This Past Week
- 13th
- 01:23 pm birthday birthday birthday
- 14th
- 12:03 am Snakes, Lizards, Alligators and Nyquil - 1 comment
- 17th
- 07:21 am In Memory of Dan Fogelberg (1951-2007) - 3 comments
- 19th
- 11:37 pm Bah Humbug?
- 22nd
- 01:35 pm Happy Holidays!!!
- 23rd
- 11:13 pm (no subject)
- 25th
- 01:19 pm Merry Christmas! - 1 comment
- 30th
- 01:15 pm birthday birthday birthday
- 31st
- 09:59 am birthday birthday birthdaySenior Front End Developer
| | || | |
The Company
Quest Search and Selection is partnering with this multi-brand retail business that prides itself on working with some of the largest, premium branded & own label Fashion, Home, Beauty retailers in the UK and internationally.
The Roles & Responsibilities of this Front-End Developer position –
- Working towards a roadmap and making key decisions on the approach of how the projects are implemented
- Thoroughly testing all work across all devices and browsers
- Taking wireframe designs and executing a project either from scratch or utilising existing resource
- Collaborating with UI/UX designers and the SEO team to effectively deliver the work
- Working with the Software Developers regarding writing briefs and specification requirements
- Training and mentoring junior colleagues within the team
- Experience in eCommerce platforms and CMS systems
- Knowledge of HTML, CSS, web standards and JavaScript
- Adopt an insight-driven dev approach that thrives on validation of key decisions and rationale
- Execute ideas with wire-framing and mock-up technologies and workflows
- Share a strong understanding of typography design concepts and digital design best practice
To be successful in this Front-End Developer role you must have –
- At least 2-5 years experience within a Front-end Dev role
- Strong HTML knowledge
- Experience within retail, eCommerce or B2C is essential – whether this is client or agency side.
- Proficient in writing efficient CSS and JS (Understanding of ES5, as well as newer ES6 Javascript, would be ideal)
- Experience with jQuery
- Ability to transform wireframe designs into working code
Benefits of this Front-End Developer role –
- A business that is expanding and pushing on with growth plans!
- Flexible working – home and office-based (working 1-4 days in the office and rest WFH)
- Monthly work incentives
- Contributory pension Subsidised food & gym membership
- State-of-the-art North Nottinghamshire Head Office
This is a great leadership opportunity to join a well-renowned retailer with a global presence.
If you feel like you have the qualifications for this position, please apply with your updated CV today quoting the reference JO-2108-109335.
We request that candidates send their CV as a Microsoft Word document where possible.
Quest Search and Selection is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.I percentage earn a reputation throughout their city and state, but only one in ten million becomes a virtuoso. When the appearance of a virtuoso is announced in any major city, excited music lovers line up to buy tickets to be thrilled to the depths of their being by the musical artistry of the performer. That’s what it means to be an artist!
Of course, the piano virtuoso in that hall in London, or Paris, or Vienna started practicing six hours a day many years ago and is still practicing every day — even on the days of his performance. It takes great devotion to become that kind of an artist, but that should be your aspiration, for even if you fall short, your commitment to excellence is always the goal.
The issue is, what kind of an artist do you want to be? Only you can make the choice.
This means, a commitment to your art that will grow so great that the use of this work to send good into the universe becomes the primary mission of your life and you will discover your purpose on this planet.
Ten years ago, in the field of speech pathology training, the mention of the word “hypnotism” to the professor in the class, would cause a tirade about how hypnotism was of no use in speech disorders. Then, Kenneth Knepflar of Pasadena, California came to study with me and he got the “Hypnotism Fever.” He began to speak and present papers on hypnosis at professional seminars. A year later with a professor at Tulane University, he presented the first annual conference: “The use of Hypnosis in Speech and Communication Disorders.”
Dr. Knepflar helped to expand this profession, and I hope that you will too.2 Corinthians 9:15
English Standard Version
2 Corinthians 9:15
English Standard Version
15 (A)Thanks be to God for his inexpressible gift: $27.99
Our Price: $11.99
Save: $16.00 (57%)
Retail: $69.99
Our Price: $34.99
Save: $35.00 (50%)
Retail: $99.99
Our Price: $59.99
Save: $40.00 (40%)
Retail: $199.99
Our Price: $104.99
Save: $95.00 (48%)
Retail: $79.99
Our Price: $51.99
Save: $28.00 (35%)
[Part 10 is here. Part 12 is here.]
[You can find the whole series here.]
The first born child of a Jewish marriage at the time of Jesus had to be in effect, given to God. In place of actually turning the child over to the temple cult, a sum was paid (this was symbolic since only Levites could perform the temple service–it was a remembrance of the Golden Calf episode–Num. 18). The parents are not really involved here, but the mother must come after a waiting time for a purification rite (offer a sacrifice). (Lev. 12)
When priests like Zacharias offered sacrifice or incense, they had to be purified. They had to come out of the secular, leave it behind, so that they could enter the presence of God. They had to change their clothing, put on special vestments, wash, and so forth. There were well defined rituals to create this separation., they were obtained at the temple. Luke has given us a sense of continuity between the gospel as he knows it from a relatively distant time, from the turn of the second century, back to the time of Jesus’ birth and before. So the temple is important for Luke, it continues to appear in his recital of the beginnings of Christianity, fulfills for Luke the passage from Malachi 3, “Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me: and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in.” John has been sent before him, and now the Lord comes to his own house.
This coming is marked and confirmed by these persons I’ve mentioned before, Simeon and Anna, and they complete the story that began with Zacharias and Elizabeth. Here we get the hymn of Luke that he inserts in the story of these two final figures. In Acts, Luke treats the earliest community of Christians at Jerusalem with a kind of idealism. The preaching of Peter, and we presume also the other apostles, is powerfully effective and grandly accepted (at Pentecost for example). The people join together in a communal life, sharing their goods, caring for the poor, they come together for prayer and break bread together. This is a model of existence for Luke. It is for him the legend of true Christianity (the Book of Mormon has this kind of thing in 4 Nephi). Luke sees is a kind of benediction for the birth and he pairs them with Elizabeth and Zacharias—both pray fervently for a birth, both are granted an answer to those prayers.
Another parallel Luke seems to draw here: the out pouring of the Holy Spirit at the beginning of the Gospel, and the beginning of the church in Jerusalem (Acts).
Luke has Simeon repeat acknowledgement has both Israel and the Gentiles as a people. What constitutes being a people in the Old Testament? you have could be very, less charismatic, but, people began to fill in (fictive) details about all these characters, Simeon becomes the temple priest who followed Zacharias’s term, and he brings.
A footnote to your observation that typically people would obtain the pair of sacrificial doves at the temple. This post of mine talks about a bulla discovered in excavations near the temple site that was used in temple administration. You would obtain commodities for sacrifice at the temple, but you wouldn’t pay for them directly with profane money. The bulla was a kind of token that would be presented in a certain place at the temple in order to obtain commodities for sacrifice.
For me this glimpse into ancient temple administration is fascinating, and provides a small window into the mechanics of obtaining such sacrificial commodities as a pair of doves.
Thanks for the link, Kevin. I remember reading that one. Awesome.NCJ Number
224619
Date Published
July 2008
Length
158 pages
Agencies
OJJDP-Sponsored
Annotation
This report describes delinquency cases handled by U.S. courts with juvenile jurisdiction and tracks trends in delinquency cases and status offense cases.
Abstract
This report is part of the Juvenile Court Statistics series; it describes delinquency cases handled between 1985 and 2005, and petitioned status offense cases handled between 1995 and 2005 by U.S. courts with juvenile jurisdiction. Chapters 2 and 3 present national estimates of delinquency cases handled by the juvenile courts in 2005 and analyze caseload trends since 1985. Chapter 2 describes the volume and rate of delinquency cases, demographic characteristics of the juveniles involved (age, gender, and race), and offenses charged. Chapter 3 traces the flow of delinquency cases from referral to court through court processing, examining each decision point (detention, intake decision, adjudication decision, and judicial disposition) and presenting data by demographic characteristics and offense. Chapter 4 presents national estimates of status offense cases formally handled by the juvenile courts in 2005 and caseload trends since 1995. It includes data on demographic characteristics, offenses charged, and case processing. Appendix A describes the statistical procedure used to generate these estimates; appendix B provides definitions of key terms used; and appendix C presents detailed tables showing the number of delinquency, status offense, and dependency cases handled by juvenile courts in 2005. Table notes at the end of the appendix indicate the source of the data and the unit of count. Data used in the analyses were collected from the National Juvenile Court Data Archive (the archive) by more than 2,100 courts with jurisdiction over 80 percent of the juvenile population in 2005. Tables, figures, and appendix
Publication Type
Statistics
Grant Number(s)
2005-JL-FX-0250
2007-JL-FX-0022
Date Created: September 16, 2014Ventura Hydro Jetting Services
When store-bought drain cleaners or traditional snaking methods aren’t getting rid of stubborn clogs, it is time to turn to our professionals at Rooter Solutions. We offer state-of-the-art hydro jetting services to homes in Ventura and throughout Ventura County and Santa Barbara County. With a combined 40 years of industry experience, there is no job too big or small for our specialists and we start every service with a free estimate, so you always know exactly what to expect.
Call (805) 329-3345 to learn more about our hydro jetting solutions.
What Is Hydro Jetting?
Our team at Rooter Solutions uses the most advanced equipment on the market to make your clogs a thing of the past, including hydro jetting. We utilize this specialized pipe cleaning service when other methods just don’t cut it, as it uses a flexible hose to stream highly pressurized water through your drains to remove even extreme instances of debris and buildup.
7 benefits of hydro jetting are:
- Effective at clearing pipes and drains of clogs
- Causes less damage than other methods
- Clears both obstructions as well as limescale buildup and mineral deposits
- More affordable than other methods
- Can prevent premature pipe failure
- Effective if you’ve been experiencing slow drainage across multiple drains
- You are about to undergo major plumbing remodels
Hydro Jetting in Ventura & Santa Barbara Counties
At Rooter Solutions, we understand that major plumbing issues can stop day-to-day activities in their tracks. That is why we are proud to offer 24-hour emergency services, 7 days a week. Our team of experts never want you to feel in the dark about your plumbing, which is why we go above and beyond to deliver honest and transparent service, answering your questions from start to finish. If you live in Ventura or the greater Ventura County or Santa Barbara County and need professional drain cleaning solutions like hydro jetting, give our trusted plumbers a call.
Get in touch with our team today by calling us at (805) 329-3345 or fill out our online.”I must be insane! Ekco A22...
As per the title, I think maybe it's time someone called the men in white coats out to take me away!
Just before the NVCF I spotted an Ekco A22 in poor state on the good old eBay, and promptly bid a silly amount on it... then a few days later I decided to take a closer look at the photo's, and noticed a crack in the side of it, Damn it!! No wonder the bidding had stopped! Never mind, I'm good at repairing damaged Bakelite, and black is second easiest to repair. I've always wanted to get the black and chrome model A22, I already have the brown one in excellent condition, just a slight crack in the dial, but otherwise it's mint, it even works too.
Anyway, I won the manky one, went to collect it, apparently it was found in a barn! It still surprises me that these turn up in such places, it didn't look too bad when I first saw it, but closer inspection showed what a terrible state it was in, there was something that looked like mould growth all over it, which I'm not entirely sure what it is now, it was set hard, and at first I thought it was what I'd read about in my 'Bakelite collectables' book, where they show a fusty looking German Volksempfanger, it says 'this model was found damp, resulting in the filler blistering to the surface' at which point my heart sank, thinking this set is going to be hideous, and I'd never be able to get it looking right. I gave it a good wash after removing the chassis, which didn't fetch off much of the blobs, and Bakelite polish didn't shift them either. At that point I thought 'give it up, it's a dud..' and shoved the chassis back in.
Since I was completely deflated, and I thought it was a heap, I decided to throw caution to the wind and shove some mains up it to see what would go bang. The chassis is in a state too, rust everywhere! Someone at some point has renovated the set, there are new ceramic cased resistors fitted, and a Rifa cap, and I also noticed the dial is a home made replacement! It looked very convincing in the cabinet, but closer inspection shows it to be a circle of 2mm perspex, with a photocopy of a dial on paper behind it! Whoever did the photocopy even left the felt pads on the original when they shoved it in the copier! The mains cable is 3 core, and in modern colours, which got me thinking, someone cared about this set not too long ago, and then it got put away and ended up in this state, shame! With power connected the output bottle heater started to glow, the dial lamp lit, and the rectifier glowed purple, nothing went bang! A check with the meter showed no HT on the output tranny, so I dug out a spare rectifier, still no HT, but no purple glow from the new one. I checked the choke, and it's open circuit, so I bridged it with a croc clip lead (yeah, bodgery, I know!) After a few sparks from the lead HT was now present on the output tranny, and there was hum from the speaker, touching the top cap of the output valve produced loud amplifier buzz! The damn thing was actually working!! Connected the ipod to it via a capacitor and it played music, probably for the first time in years.
So now I've decided I have to restore it, I can't leave it in this state! I have a spare chassis in much better condition, but with damaged transformers, hopefully the choke is OK though.
I decided to have another go at the cabinet, when repairing cracked Bakelite, I normally make the cracks fit back together as near perfect as possible, sometimes even grinding away some bakelite from behind the crack, then using good quality superglue, stick the crack back together and clamp it up. Once fully hardened after a couple of days I sand back the glue that oozed out flush with the Bakelite, give the whole area a sand to make sure it's flat, then re-polish with No.5 polish until it is nice and smooth, the superglue being clear becomes almost invisible, and polishes up to the same shine as the Bakelite. So with this thought, I decided to try on a hidden area a bit of P600 wet and dry sandpaper, just to shift the crud from the surface and flat it a bit, I then gave it a good polish with No.5, and it actually came up rather nice! I also decided to see what would happen if I scraped off one of the blobs of goodness knows what that I thought was mould, I was expecting a gaping crater to open up, but was pleasantly surprised that it scraped away and left nice clean-ish bakelite underneath! I used the rounded end of my 6-inch steel rule to scrape them away, which did the job nicely without gouging the Bakelite. A further light sanding took away the remaining rough feeling and it polished up nicely. I did consider painting the cabinet if it still looked horrible after all this, but I'm hoping I'll get away with not doing so. Just need to find something to restore the black colour to the bakelite, since it's faded to a dark brown with all the neglect, although, the deeper I sand it, the darker it gets.
I think the plan of attack now is to finish cleaning up the cabinet, repair the crack, then possibly strip down the chassis back to bare metal, give it a good de-rusting, paint it with silver, and black behind the dial, re-build it with new components and wiring, if that all goes well, I'll treat it to one of the £40 reproduction dials currently available on eBay, and keep an eye out for a back cover too. Oh, and probably need to get the chrome ring re-chromed too, and some new speaker cloth!
Regards,
Lloyd
Hi Lloyd,
What an excellent project and challenge, a rare treat too! A quick check shows only one other 'roundie' EKCO radio thread here at Vrat. Thanks for sharing the story of your A22's return to good health, a great opening post and I/we look forward to following instalments as you progress with the restoration. ?
Cheers Chris, I think this ones going to take quite some time, but hopefully the end product will be worth the wait!
I still need to write up about the AC76 roundie that I revived back in 2010, that one was a total strip and rebuild, also with a damaged cabinet, came up lovely, but is still waiting for a new chrome bar and some chrome centres for the knobs.
Regards
Lloyd
I take my hat off to you sir ! The bakelite is showing a dramatic improvement and in time, I am sure the chassis will too. Well done thus far. ?
Many people (including myself) would shy away from such a task that you have undertaken.
Time for a little update!
The appearance of the set improves almost every time I do a little more scrubbing, it actually doesn't look too bad in the photo's! I also discovered the other day that greasy fingerprints make the Bakelite look darker, a bit of wax polish might bring it up nicely.
One thing I wasn't planning on was my latest discovery, I'd known about the crack in the cabinet since before I bought it, and I'd noticed whilst cleaning it that there was some sort of repair visible inside the cabinet, and the outside had been painted, just where the crack is.
I decided to strip off the paint, since it was flaking anyway, and get the cabinet ready to repair the crack. Once the paint was stripped I discovered something I really didn't want to see, a big clump of car body filler, filling a great big gaping hole...
And it seems that it was the filler that caused the crack in the first place, either because the cabinet warped and shrunk around it, or the filler expanded. Since it was holding the crack open, I decided the best course of action was to knock out the lump of filler and get rid of it. It looked crap anyway, and would require repainting to hide it! So out came the hammer, and I gave it a damn good thrashing!
Looking at the hole, it lines up with all the trimmers on the side of the chassis, so it seems some lazy (insert extremely rude word here) decided they needed 24/7 access to these trimmers, and bashed a hole in the cabinet to get to them! It was probably done way back when these sets were considered junk, but still! I want to wring their neck!!!! With the filler removed the crack can be closed up nicely, I just need to get some straps to pull it into shape whilst it glues.
My plan now is to make a mould of an undamaged area of cabinet with silicone moulding paste, then cover the hole with it and back fill it with some epoxy resin and fibreglass, and I'll dye it black during mixing. I've made knobs like this before, and also the resin sets with a shiny finish, unlike whatever that filler was they used before. I'll also strengthen the cabinet with more fibreglass to make sure it doesn't break again. Whist I'm mixing some silicone I might as well make some moulds of the knobs too, since 2 are missing, and I have a full set on the brown one to copy!
I've had another play with the chassis, and got a full set of valves in it now, the original output valve needs a new top cap, as it has actually rotted through! I'm sure I have a valve that's down to air with a good top cap on it I can pinch. It doesn't receive anything when powered up, probably because the twiddler has been hard at work! The choke is currently in bits, thought I'd found the dead bit as there was a hole in the side of it with green showing through, but repairing that didn't bring about any continuity, although after unwinding a layer where the green spot was, I blasted it with a megger and it read continuity, and testing with the bench PSU and a light bulb showed it to be healthy again! I think for reliability I'll pinch the one off the parts chassis.
Regards,
Lloyd.
Update time!
Had a week away in the wonderful Portmeirion last week, which presented an excellent opportunity to de-rust some bits, which were left fermenting in vinegar for a week, I came back to a very brown mess in the pot (that sounds wrong!) but once given a quick scrub with a toothbrush the rust washed away leaving lovely clean metal. I’ve only done a few screws, nuts, washers, the smoothing cap clamp, dial lamp cover, part of the tuning drive and speaker fixings so far, but it’s certainly looking better. Going to need a lot more vinegar for the rest of the chassis!
I’ve also had the set working, I ran through the alignment using my recently acquired Windsor sig gen, and the RS components frequency counter, the IF was very close, but the RF was miles out, my guess is all the rust on the trimmers is stopping them from reaching the required capacitance, swapping in some big washers helped, and I was then able to receive Absolute radio, albeit a little quietly.
Since then I have started to strip the chassis ready to tart it up 🙂 it’s getting there, very slowly!
Regards
Lloyd
Progress report!
The chassis is nearly stripped, just a few valve holders and wire remaining! Last part removed today was the main tag strip that has the components running round the circumference.
Some parts have been de-rusted already, using bog standard white vinegar, screws and small chassis parts have been done this way, for the main chassis I've ordered some 'Restore Rust Remover' from Shield technologies, I've used this stuff before, it's expensive, but it works very well. I tried to do the power chassis with some that I had left from an old bottle, but there wasn't enough of it left! I also have a wire brush that goes in the drill, which I have removed some of the rust with before using the chemicals on it.
I'm still in two minds as to whether or not to remove the valve holders before de-rusting, since it would need the rivets drilling out and then replacing, and I don't have any tooling for rivets. I got away with not removing the valve holders on the AC76, and even went to the effort of masking off the rivet heads with blu-tac when repainting it.
I've found a potential problem with the tuning gang, the earthing springs are both broken and don't make good contact with the shaft, and it also has a lot of corrosion on the vanes which is causing it to short. I might have to steal the one from the parts chassis if I can't sort these issues.
A few random shots of the work so far!
Lloyd, you are certainly not insane. That is a very challenging restoration but I'm sure you are getting a lot of satisfaction from the results you are achieving. Many years ago I restored an AC85 that had been left outside for a year or two. It still had its back on and wasn't as rusty as your A22 but I remember having to reconnect all the IF transformer windings that had rotted away. Like yours the cabinet came up nicely from a deplorable state but stupidly I took it for photography to a local newspaper who were writing an article on Bakelite. This was in the winter and on carrying into their premises I slipped on an icy pavement and smashed the cabinet and later found that I was missing quite a lot of pieces. Later, on moving house I donated the chassis to the Museum of Communication for spares. ?
Peter
Cheers Peter, challenging is certainly one word for it! Sorry to hear about the AC85, must have been heartbreaking! I have an AC85 too, lovely set, mine has only ever had the crumbled rubber wiring replaced, and was still working well on all it's original components, even the wax/cardboard smoothing block was still in place! I've not tried it for a couple of years, probably about time I gave it a run to see how it is.
The A22 has been fermenting in rust remover for a couple of weeks, and has actually come up OK, it didn't shift all of it, so I got a sanding sponge from Halfords, and a wire brush that goes in the drill and gave it a good going over with those to finish off the last few bits of rust. It is quite pitted on the top and rear edge, but otherwise looks good, I have also given it a coat of grey primer, which has made it look a whole lot better!
Fermenting, I put the parts into seal-able bags with the rust remover solution in the bag, then place it into a bucket of rainwater to push out the air, and that means I use less rust remover!
After 2 weeks, or however long it really was! Nearly all the rust has gone.
After going over with the wire brush in the drill, and the sanding block to shift the last remaining bits, then wiped down with cellulose thinners ready for priming.
Some of the original plating still on the chassis, would have been quite nice and shiny when new!
Finally, some primer on it!
The tuning gang has also been in rust remover, and has come up nice, it has taken on a dull greeny brown finish, which actually looks alright! it may get a go in the ultrasonic cleaner yet, just to shift any crud from between the vanes. Talking of the vanes, they are aluminium, and have corroded and in some places have lumps or blisters which cause it to short out, so I've been using the Megger to make them show up and then getting some fine grade wet and dry to try and flatten them.
The 2 IF cans have also been given a light sanding to remove the worst of the corrosion, and the part that the dial mounts onto has been cleaned up too.
Now I have to make a start on the main part of the chassis! Oh, and sort out the hole in the cabinet...
Hi Lloyd,
Great write up on the Ekco A22 restoration project.
How successful long term is eradication of rust from the chassis? Apart from the primer do you use any additional treatments?
Cheers
Rich
Hi Rich,
long term I can’t comment too much for this particular rust remover, it says in the instructions that after the object being de-rusted has been in the solution to take it out, and scrub it with a nylon brush to remove the blackened deposits, clean it in fresh water, then to prevent flash rusting dip the item back into the solution and leave it to dry naturally, and sure enough I’ve done that and the items do not begin to rust again. Not sure what is in this stuff but it only reacts with the rust and leaves good metal alone.
The last chassis I did was of an Ekco AC76, that was de-rusted with another product in an ultrasonic cleaner, which I haven’t been able to find again! It was called ‘micro 90’ and came with the ultrasonic cleaner. The chassis was primed with the same Halfords branded stuff, which is acrylic based, and then topped with ‘Ford polar grey’ also from Halfords, that was done in 2010, and last checked last year and there were no signs of rust re-appearing. The set is kept in the house, so warm and dry. I figured since these paints and primers are meant for cars that they should be just fine for a radio chassis! I have also used the same stuff on an outside light fitting, a Coughtrie FS10, which is made from cast aluminium, and so far, after 3 years out in the cold and wet, and also the baking sun, it’s still looking good!
For this A22 chassis, I’m looking at using silver as the top coat, and I’m testing a can of ‘Rust-oleum’ painter’s touch craft enamel in metallic silver, I’ve put Halfords primer followed by said paint onto a bit of old wood to see how it goes, so far it looks good, the 2 are compatible at least, and it seems quite a hard paint, I’ve only had a go at it with fingernails so far.
Regards
Lloyd
I used electrolysis on a lot of smaller parts for my car... works well and is dirt cheap. Just beware not to attempt to do chromium plated parts this way.
Wow, yes that’s one rusty beast! Go on then, let’s see the cabinet!!
Andy, cheers for the info on electrolysis de-rusting, I’ll give it a go on some other bits at the weekend, I’m sure I saw some washing soda in the cupboard under the sink! BTW, love the Mini! I’d like one myself, but haven’t anywhere to keep it (yet!!)
regards,
Lloyd
Hi Lloyd, the cabinet is in the shop. I'll take a picture of it tomorrow, (Friday) When you see it you'll agree that the rusty chassis is the last of my problems with this set.
The performance of the other A22 is disappointing at the high frequency end of the medium waveband and in fact my 1936 Cossor 364 outperforms it on MW and LW. Like the A22 the Cossor 364 is a "short superhet" that is the type receiver that doesn't have an amplifying stage between the detector and output valve.
Checked the waxies in the rusty A22. All are useless. By the way I've got NOS capacitor clips, let me know if you want one.
Pictures of the Cossor 364.
Till Eulenspiegel.
Oh dear!! I was going to say at least the dial looks ok, but then noticed the chunk out of that too! The chrome ring and speaker cloth look in fair condition, and might clean up nicely. I have an Ekco BV67 that arrived with only half a cabinet, I was lucky enough to find an empty cabinet from the mains version for not much money, so the chassis got re-homed. I wouldn’t have bothered with it if it was the mains version, but since it’s the battery vibrator version I thought it worth saving!
I’ll have to dig out my other A22 and see what the performance is like in comparison to other sets.
I’ve got to the point of priming the main chassis now, although I only got half done yesterday as it started raining just as I was about to go out and spray the other side! Damn this weather, this summer has been absolute garbage this year!! Hopefully I’ll get it done today, just got back from Grantham after shopping, and there was one hell of a rain storm, so bad that there was water coming out of the drains, and rivers running down the sides of the roads, so it’s probably on it’s way here now...
Regards,
Lloyd
Where did I get to? Well, the chassis is looking pretty good now, I finished painting the main parts yesterday by adding the black part.
Here's a few shots of the progress so far
The main part of the chassis after a night in rust remover
After a clean up, notice I hadn't removed all the components at this stage!
Components removed, remaining stubborn rust deposits removed as best I could with sandpaper, a Dremmel and any other methods I fancied at the time!
Primer at last!
Silver paint already done, mask made of cardboard and newspaper to spray the black part that stops the dial light from reflecting off any metalwork that it shouldn't.
Not bad! Even has the slight over spray appearance of the original!
It's finally going back together, even got the dial drive parts fitted, they too have been re-sprayed.
Now I need to decide what to re-attach the valve bases with, originally they were fitted with brass rivets that were plated with something to give them a silvery appearance, I had to drill them out to remove the bases unfortunately, I have pop-rivets, but to be honest they look cheap and crap, so I'd rather try and find some new brass rivets, and the tooling required to put them in.
I've now turned attention to the coil pack, the coils look in good nick, but the bracket that has all the trimmers on it was rusted solid, and I'm sure it was causing problems trying to align the set, at present the trimmers are all in rust remover, and the bracket has been sanded to within an inch of it's life to shift the rust and restore a nice flat surface.
More to follow!!
Regards,
Lloyd.
That’s a big improvement, the chassis looks new. ?
That's a nice job.
I will be waiting to see how you solve the rivet issue I also dislike pop rivets.
I bought some copper rivets but so far not been very successful in fitting them.
Need a fly press ?
Cheers
Mike TPremier League club Manchester City are currently in talks with Brazilian midfielder Fernadinho over the signing of a new deal at the club after offering him a contract extension. The contract talks have also progressed well and the player is showing signs of willingness to finally put pen to paper on the new contract.
[Continue reading…]With yesterday’s Apple Watch announcements, Apple officially moved deeper into yet another new product category. In typical fashion, Cupertino’s launch comes with high-minded promises to revolutionize the way we do things: track our health, use our phones, hail a ride. The list goes on.
These things are noteworthy, but beneath all the glitz of Apple’s highly polished media event is another crucial, if under-reported use case: Fart gags.
FartWatch is an app for Apple’s soon-to-ship smartwatch that effectively turns your iPhone into a remote-controlled Whoopie Cushion. Yup, that’s it.
Like the mind-bogglingly massive trove of flatulence-focused apps for iPhone–a selection that grew so vast that Apple had to step in and weed some out–FartWatch has just one feature: playing back an audio file of a fart sound. The difference here is that the trigger button exists on the watch interface, allowing for mischievously clever placement of the device itself–like a Whoopie Cushion with a remote control. That is, of course, if you’re comfortable slipping your phone on someone’s chair (and under their, you know) for the purposes of third grade-level toilet humor.
As of now, FartWatch remains a proof of concept with a web-based simulation that illustrates how the interface would work. The duo behind it created FartWatch at a hackathon held just days after WatchKit was launched and they’ve since been polishing it up for App Store submission.
There’s no guarantee that this app will see the light of day. At first glance, FartWatch doesn’t seem to run afoul of any of Apple’s UI design guidelines, but given Apple’s historical distaste for fart apps on iOS, you never know.
“The Apple Watch is being marketed as a lifestyle device, and remote fart triggering isn’t entirely fashionable,” admits FartWatch cofounder Andrew Slaughter. “But it sure is fun!”
Slaughter and his cofounder Daniel Haaser are busy putting the finishing touches on the app–they still need to build a one-screen menu for fart sound selection. Once that’s finished and Apple opens up app submissions to everyday developers, the wait will be on.
Slaughter says he’s aware of Apple’s past aversion to fart apps, but is quick to point out that on iOS, the issue was the proliferation of these apps rather than the concept itself. He’s hoping that by being the first fart app to be submitted, FartWatch will be spared Apple’s rejection notice.
The Next Web writer Owen Williams, however, is skeptical that Apple would ever approve such an app, as he tweeted to me earlier. Apple is known for its strict guidelines–and has been keeping developers on an even shorter leash than usual with the Apple Watch. But come on, Apple. Live a little.Work Smarter With A Quick Service POS System
The use of a quick service POS system at any business can make a major difference in the way any business accepting payments from customers on a regular basis operates. The success of any retail outlet, restaurant, or service provider can be changed for the better with the ability to accept payments and generate many reports to aid the growth of the company. The benefits of using a POS system are easy to identify and include:
- Tracking products
- Linking staff in different departments
- Tech support is always available
Products can be tracked and ordered
Whether you are operating a business in the retail, food, or service sector you can enjoy the benefits of a POS system. When products have been purchased, the software used with a POS system can be used to track the level of stock a company has at any time. If the products in stock fall below a specific level the software can either order automatically or message those in charge of ordering with a warning.
Restaurants can benefit from a POS system
One of the most impressive uses of a quick service POS system is to install it in a restaurant or cafe. At the point-of-sale, the wait staff inputs the order of a customer before accepting their payment. Once the payment is received, the order is transferred to the kitchen where the order can be created with few chances of mistakes being made.
Support and help are always available
Despite the fact, the installation of a quick service POS system at any location is relatively simple, there is the possibility of tech support being needed. The chance to use messaging, chat and phone support on a 24/7 basis means it is easier than ever to keep your POS system running successfully for the long-term.
To learn more about Quick Service POS System, contact Arba Retail POS Systems- Provides guidance on how to effectively motivate and engage a multi-generational workforce with competing priorities
- Explains how to embed learning in the business to ensure staff have the skills needed to meet personal role and organizational goals
- Includes case studies from global organizations such as Accenture, Aetna, Apple, Google, IBM and SAP
- Shows how to develop an effective workforce planning strategy to ensure the right people are in the right roles in an organization to ensure business success
- Shows how to use people data and new technological developments to track and measure workplace productivity and support employee developmentKnowledge
We put measurable results first for all of our clients and bring a diversity of experience, market knowledge and fresh thinking across many industry sectors.
We take the long view of our client relationships, and are always at the ready to help you take full advantage of opportunities and respond to challenges.
We bring:
Podcasts
Listen to interviews and insights with Canadian Entrepreneurs
What's your marketing Challenge?
You are not alone with your marketing challenges. Read some common challenges that Extension Marketing can help with.Anonym / Thursday, February 16, 2017 / Categories: Press Releases, 2017 IGLTA, the International LGBTQ+ Travel Association Welcomes New Greek Ambassador ATHENS (16 February 2017)—Athens-based Giannis Papagiannopoulos steps in this month as the International Gay & Lesbian Travel Association’s ambassador to Greece, a volunteer role that assists with membership support and development throughout the country. He is the publisher of the Greek LGBT magazine Antivirus, an IGLTA media partner since 2010. “Greece has a long LGBT history and consistently ranks among the most popular LGBT destinations in Europe,” IGLTA President/CEO John Tanzella says. “We’re committed to growing our presence in the tourism community there and helping travellers find more LGBT-welcoming options for their next vacation.” Papagiannopoulos takes over the position from longtime Greek ambassador Orhideea Rosu, who has relocated to London. In addition to Antivirus, he is the managing director of homo evolution. Founded in 2010, the company is a leader in Greece for LGBT media, events, marketing and travel projects. Papagiannopoulos also sits on the board of the Athens Pride organization and has volunteered with many NGOs for human rights, health and education projects worldwide. “Becoming an IGLTA ambassador for Greece is a great honor and a commitment to promote the LGBTQ+ community of Greece to the rest of the world through an organization as worthy as IGLTA,” Papagiannopoulos said. “It is also an excellent opportunity for all European countries and LGBTQ+ travel businesses to work together.” IGLTA's program of global volunteer ambassadors allows the association to better serve its member businesses in 70 countries. If you’d like to connect with Papagiannopoulos, please email Greece@iglta.org. IGLTA, the International LGBTQ+ Travel Association Announces Partnership with Argentina’s LGBT Chamber at FITUR Next Article A Convention Message from Our CEO Print 1725 Rate this article: No rating Please login or register to post comments.Part I of 7 Steps to Healing Your Body Yes, we all face body challenges sooner or later. One savvy reader suggested changing that belief. And although theoretically you could—not all beliefs are worth the time and energy they would take to change—especially when they serve you. What! Illness serves[...]Hi
The question is a little vague but I'll my best.
1. An accountant or maybe book manager (depending on the business)
2. A commercial attorney/lawyer.
3. Someone in charge of operations.
You might not have to have these people as co-founders and it might be enough to use them as service providers at specific stages. Again: it really depends (1) what the exact business is, (2) what your background is and (3) what you're looking for (someone to take the journey with you or just someone to do what you need and that's it).
Good luck
Access 20,000+ Startup Experts, 650+ masterclass videos, 1,000+ in-depth guides, and all the software tools you need to launch and grow quickly.Sergio Romo pulls down his pants and has ridiculous reaction to umpire check
LMAO what an epic Tuesday night in baseball, ey, Rob Manfred?
MLB’s commissioner is trying hard to make his mark on the game by doing all sorts of dumb rule changes. His latest pet project? Eliminating foreign substances for pitchers (which have been around forever) by instituting mandatory equipment checks.
Sergio Romo pitched for the first time since Monday’s enforcement and he clearly did NOT like being approached by third base umpire Dan Iassogna after the seventh inning. Sure, Romo gave up a dinger so he was probably a little heated, but this reaction was perfectly over-the-top.
Apparently Sergio Romo also thinks these umpire checks are ridiculous 💀 pic.twitter.com/gHJcXA1rMc
— The Rickey Henderson of Blogs (@RickeyBlog) June 23, 2021
It reminded me of the Dave Chappelle line he tells the police officer, “I got a driver’s license, too!”
Earlier Tuesday, Nationals righty Max Scherzer also nearly undressed after Phillies manager Joe Girardi made sure the umps paid extra attention to his equipment.
Terrible look on MLB pic.twitter.com/li5gsXYOjz
— Dillard Barnhart (@BarnHasSpoken) June 23, 2021
Then it led to this epic staredown moment.
Joe Girardi gets ejected as Max Scherzer throws up his hat and gloves. pic.twitter.com/n8YNXPoeKG
— Justin Groc (@jgroc) June 23, 2021
Gotta love baseball.
I really don’t see how this experiment goes much longer than tonight. The whole thing is ridiculous. It’s a massive in-season change with good intentions from the league but completely misses the mark.
Let ’em play and figure out a regulated pitcher grip substance in the offseason or next spring training.
Abbottstown PA
We are your locksmith service provider that you possibly can trust anytime. We do not impose additional payment on our emergency locksmith services. We do this to provide locksmith services for people’s emergency instances. We’ve got insured, bonded and licensed locksmiths in town. They are more than ready to impart al their knowledge and skills. Aside from that, we also have courteous and friendly customer service agents to answer all your questions responsibly.
We have services for residential clients, building owners, and car owners. Our services are all affordable with high quality. There is no hidden charge during nights, weekends and special holidays. With us, you can rest assured that you receive the best and most efficient locksmith solutions.
No need to worry anymore. Just call our locksmith technicians to end your problem. Free-of-charge quotes are at stake.
Zip: 17301
Area Code: 717
State: PennsylvaniaWe have developed a fully comprehensive curriculum framework that meets the requirements of the latest National curriculum review. Our curriculum continues to ensure that our children's learning is both meaningful and benefits from a specific focus on the core requirements of the English and Mathematics curriculum.
Further details about the National Curriculum can be found here:
The content of the curriculum that the school follows in each academic year and for each subject can be downloaded below.
Parents and prospective parents are welcome to contact the Headteacher to discuss any aspect of the school's curriculum.
Early Years Foundation Stage (Nursery and Reception classes) curriculum here:South Auckland > Pharmacy >
Unichem Māngere East Pharmacy
Pharmacy Service
Today
8:30 AM to 4:00 PM.
Covid-19 vaccination
Farina Ali
Charges
The Pharmacy does not charge for funded prescription items that are prescribed by your GP or Hospital.
Conditions Apply*** Please contact our friendly Pharmacy staff for clarifications
Hours
8:30 AM to 4:00 PM.
Public Holidays: Closed Auckland Anniversary (31 Jan), Waitangi Day (Observed 7/2/22) (7 Feb), Good Friday (15 Apr), Easter Sunday (17 Apr), Queen's Birthday (6 Jun), Labour Day (24 Oct). Open Easter Monday (18 Apr, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM), ANZAC Day (25 Apr, 8:30 AM – 6:00 PM).
Christmas: Open 20 Dec — 7 Jan.
Languages Spoken
English, Gujarati, Hindi, Niuean
Services Provided…
Passport Photos
We do passport photos for all countries including ID photos and for visa applications. There is the option of emailed photos (for electronic/online applications) as well as printed photos or…
Ear Piercing).
This pharmacy has staff that…
Wheelchair Access
Yes
Region
South Auckland
Contact Details
7A/359 Massey Road, Māngere East, Auckland
South Auckland
Phone
(09) 222 0161
(09) 222 0162
Mangereeastpharmacy@totem.nz
Prescription Email
Mangereeastpharmacy@totem.nz
7A/359 Massey Road
Mangere East
Auckland 2024
Information about this location
Street Address
7A/359 Massey Road
Māngere East
Auckland 2024
Was this page helpful?
This page was last updated at 3:46PM on October 15, 2021. This information is reviewed and edited by Unichem Mangere East Pharmacy.No listings found for Porsche 911 Vehicles in Jigawa - We suggest you try another area near you!
- Nigeria »
- Jigawa »
- Porsche 911 »
- Used Vehicles for Sale »
- Used Cars »
Porsche 911 Cars in Jigawa
Ads for Porsche 911 Vehicles in Jigawa
Top Searches:
- used cars by make in jigawa
- porsche 911 in jigawa
- cars ads
- used cars for sale in jigawa
- no deposit rent to own in jigawa
- used vehicles in jigawa
- take installment over in jigawa
- second hand cars for sale in jigawa
- cars in jigawa
- pre owned cars in jigawa
- car dealerships near me in jigawa
- rent to own cars in j Jigawa
Would you like to save your search? Save searchIntelligent, AI-Driven Content and Automation is the Future of B2B Digital Marketing
With a substantial investment from Vertu Capital, PathFactory is accelerating and growing its category-leading B2B Intelligent Content Platform.
November 9, 2021
Yesterday we announced an exciting new chapter in PathFactory’s journey, with a significant new investment from private equity firm, Vertu Capital, that will accelerate our goal of becoming the world’s leading Intelligent Content Platform.
The timing could not be better. We are in the midst of a transformative change in B2B buying, accelerated by the pandemic and enabled by new artificial intelligence and machine learning tools, that are fundamentally changing B2B digital marketing to provide for more self-service and education at every stage in the buying journey.
What are those changes?
A secular shift from in-person to online sales
The pandemic forced sales to move from relying on face-to-face meetings and trade shows to generate business through all digital channels. And that trend is expected to continue. According to Gartner, online procurement of B2B solutions is expected to increase from 49% to 59% by 2023, with website sales surpassing salespeople as the leading source of revenue.
B2B buyers want a B2C experience
We’ve all gotten used to the curated Netflix or Amazon experience of serving up personalized, data-driven content on demand. B2B buyers are no different. They want to take their own content journey, one that anticipates their needs and delivers real-time, relevant information across multiple channels.
An imperative to directly connect marketing dollars to measurable sales outcomes
With digital commerce moving from marketing niche to an enterprise-wide strategic priority, there are heightened expectations to demonstrate how digital content is delivering concrete results in terms of sales conversions and enterprise value.
What does this mean?
Intelligent, AI-driven content and automation is the future of B2B digital marketing
Traditional ‘batch and blast’ or manually curated content can’t meet the needs of increasingly dynamic and complex omni-channel customer journeys. With the average purchaser consuming 13 pieces of content (including five from third-parties), according to FocusVision, multiplied by buying committees of 100+ people, only an intelligent platform can deliver hyper-personalized content, at the right time, at the scale required.
Never has there been a better time to demonstrate the value of marketing
With the increased uptake in digital, the traditional boundaries between marketing and revenue generation are dissolving, according to Forrester, and consolidating into “unified revenue marketing teams that embrace the entire customer life cycle.” Content intelligence helps bring it all together: we are seeing three times (3X) more content consumed per session and six times (6X) the length of sessions when visitors engage with our AI-driven recommendation engine vs those that bounce quickly. These are astronomical and can accelerate the buying process. It also helps sellers understand who to focus on and address them accordingly.
In short, it’s a dynamic and exciting time with significant potential to materially enhance the value of B2B digital marketing to the overall enterprise through intelligent content. We are only at the beginning of this journey, and we look forward to what we can achieve together.Samples | October 26th, 2021
Savvy Sample: Free A&W Birthday Root Beer Float.Region: A&W has more than 625 locations across the United States.How to Claim: Sign up for the A&W Mug Club.Bonus Info: Receive exclusive discounts and special offers from A&W as part of the club.
Birthdays should be fun enough that you feel like you’re floating on air. You’ll certainly feel very happy when you drink a glass of ice cream floating in root beer as a part of your celebration. A&W is ready to wish you the sweetest of birthdays!
Those of you who are sticking to birthday cake and only birthday cake can still unwrap tons of other fantastic free samples. See the latest available samples by clicking here.
When it comes to birthdays, A&W stands for “Awesome & Wonderful.” That’s because it’s gifting an awesome and wonderful offer for all the birthday people out there. Claim an offer for a free A&W Birthday Root Beer Float when you sign up for the A&W Mug Club. Ice cream and soda…now all you need is the birthday cake. You can sign up for the A&W Mug Club for free by entering your name, email, and birthdate.
It’s never too early to start planning your birthday, especially when it comes to giving yourself some delicious birthday treats. Click here to claim your free A&W Birthday Root Beer Float.
Savvy Star Rating: 4/5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐Submit Custom | Donate | Log In | Register
Head: Avenger Black Widow (ScarJo), with MU X-23 hair
Torso: Stocos sculpt based off Reactive Impact Armor
Arms: Avengers Black Widow
Legs: Helix
Belt: Star Trek, modded
Black Widow in my EXCAL verse is not so different than from the Marvel verse. She is a bit mysterious and sultry, though still very action oriented. I have made many versions over the years, but this one is based largely off of ScarJo's look, even if vamped up a bit, from The Winter Soldier.
In many respects, this new take has replaced my previous effort as the ultimate version of the character for me.AUSHEV AND OTHERS WARN OF POSSIBLE OSSETIAN-INGUSH CONFLICT
Publication: Eurasia Daily Monitor Volume: 1 Issue: 95
By:
Leading politicians and other observers have issued fresh warnings that tensions between Ossetians and Ingush, exacerbated by the September 1 school siege in Beslan, could soon explode into violence. Ingushetia’s former president, Ruslan Aushev, whose early mediation efforts with the Beslan hostage-takers, who reportedly included several Ingush, freed 15 babies and ten women, told a Moscow press conference, “I am receiving information that there are certain forces in North Ossetia that want, urge, and say that after the 40-day mourning period for the victims of the Beslan tragedy ends, it is necessary to deal with the Ingush somehow.” Should this come to pass, he added, “The objective of the terrorists to destabilize the situation in the North Caucasus will have been achieved. There are hotheads who are ready to play the Ingush card . . . . We know what the political situation is in North Ossetia. Probably, there are politicians who want to play this conflict in their interest. But this cannot be allowed under any circumstances.” The 40-day mourning period ends on October 13.
Aushev said that the federal authorities must take tough measures to prevent violence from breaking out between North Ossetia and Ingushetia, and quoted President Vladimir Putin as having already said that anyone “who falls for provocations will be regarded as accomplices of the terrorists.” Should an Ingush-Ossetian conflict break out, it could engulf much of the Caucasus region, Aushev warned. “A huge cauldron is simmering there, in which there is Chechnya, and Dagestan, and Ingushetia, and Kabardino-Balkaria, and Georgia, and each will be seeking its own interests,” he said (Kommersant, Nezavisimaya gazeta, New York Times, Newsru.com, September 29; Interfax, September 28).
Alexei Malashenko of the Carnegie Moscow Center echoed Aushev’s concerns. “If nothing happens before the end of the year, then it will be possible to believe that nothing has fundamentally changed in the Caucasus,” he told journalists. “But first it is necessary to wait for October 13.” “We remember well how the clashes in the Prigorodny district of Ossetia began,” Malashenko said, referring to the brief but violent territorial dispute between Ingushetia and North Ossetia in 1992, which left hundreds dead and thousands of Ingush homeless. “And the news coming from there now does not instill optimism,” he added, apparently referring to reports of sporadic violence between the two ethnic groups in the wake of the Beslan siege, which killed more than 300 Ossetians, over half of them children. Malashenko noted that in such situations, a small incident could trigger large-scale violence, as was the case with the inter-ethnic violence in Uzbekistan’s Fergana Valley in 1989-90. “In Fergana, there was at first just a fight in a market, which was followed by carnage,” he said (Vremya novosti, September 29).
According to some reports, the authorities in the Ossetian villages of the Prigorodny district, from which many Ingush were driven out in 1992, continue to prevent Ingush from returning to their homes. The number of Ingush seeking to return to their homes in the disputed territory is conservatively estimated at several thousand. And where they have returned, tensions between the two ethnic groups are high. Both sides keep weapons in their homes, and Islamic fundamentalism is exerting a growing influence on young Ingush, raising fears among the Orthodox Ossetians (Newsru.com, September 29).
Perhaps the most troubling assessment came from Oleg Panteleyev, a Federation Council member who traveled to Beslan as a member of the parliamentary commission set up to investigate the tragedy. Asked how large is the possibility of a conflict breaking out between the Ossetians and Ingush, he answered, “Very large.”
“Unfortunately, I have to say that I heard many times with my own ears from people in Beslan the promise: as soon as the mourning [period] ends, we’re going to raid,” Panteleyev said. “We have repeatedly said that the band of terrorists included people of different nationalities. As for the Ingush, there were no more of them [among the hostage-takers] than representatives of certain other nationalities. If pogroms begin again, then it can be said that [Chechen rebel warlord Shamil] Basayev has fulfilled his task, and we will all end up hostages of a new bloody conflict. This cannot be allowed to happen” (Rossiiskaya gazeta, September 29).Property Attributes
- MLS#14710431
- TypePending
- CountyCOLLIN
- CityMelissa
- NeighborhoodMagnolia Ridge #1
- Zip75454
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 1696
- Price$ 589,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms4
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage3682
- Lot Size6,578 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Frank Parli with Ultima Real Estate
Data Source:
North Texas Real Estate Info Systems (NTREIS) - 37 - TX
Property Description
BRAND NEW IN MAGNOLIA RIDGE! 3 CAR GARAGE BACKS TO GREENBELT! Beautiful Country French design with stone accents. 8' Custom front door leads to soaring 2 story entry featuring Juliet Balcony overlook. WOOD-LOOK TILE ENTRY, STUDY, F. DINING AND FAMILY! Study with French Doors, Large F. Dining. Huge Master Down. Large 2-story Family Room. Great Kitchen with Custom Cabinetry and Granite tops. Guest BR down, 3 bedrooms, Game, Media up. Upgraded WHIRLPOOL SS Appliances featuring 30 Inch Glass cooktop, SS WI-FI OVEN, Full Stainless front dishwasher, built-in SS Microwave. Upgraded Frieze carpeting, Upgraded Brushed Nickel fixtures. MUST SEE! READY END JANUARY.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWelcome to "Birds and Nature Photography in Cyprus"
" Some people think that wildlife photography is a hobby, a pastime.
In reality it is exactly the opposite, a sort of purpose in life".
*Fritz Pölking, Natur photographer, Germany
On my website "Nature of Cyprus photography.com" you will find a lot of information, photos and videos about the fauna and flora of the island of Cyprus located in the eastern Mediterranean.
Especially the birdlife of the island with interesting endemic species and the large number of migratory birds are the focus of my photography and video works. But also the insect world in macro
shots as well as the landscape photography and time-lapse shots is a focal point of my work with the camera.
Take a look around my website, there is much to discover on the small, sunny island of Cyprus.
I wish you a lot of fun on my website.
Albert StoeckerHyd.
Why is hydroelectric energy not very green?
The water itself is not reduced or used up in the process, and because it is an endless, constantly recharging system, hydropower is defined as a renewable energy by the Environmental Protection Agency. But it’s not considered renewable by everyone.
Is hydropower considered green energy? hydropower good or bad?
Hydropower does not pollute the water or the air. However, hydropower facilities can have large environmental impacts by changing the environment and affecting land use, homes, and natural habitats in the dam area.
What are the pros of hydropower?
Hydropower provides benefits beyond electricity generation by providing flood control, irrigation support, and clean drinking water. Hydropower is affordable. Hydropower provides low-cost electricity and durability over time compared to other sources of energy.
How can we make hydropower more efficient?
Three Ways to Increase Hydropower Efficiency and Revenues
- Method 1: Operational Improvements. Existing plants are eligible for several operational changes. …
- Method 2: New Technologies. …
- Method 3: Electricity Market Opportunities. …
- Next Steps for Hydropower.Choosing a natural stone supplier for your project is an important task. It can make or break the success of your project and provide you with quality products at reasonable prices.
Here are the top 10 tips for choosing a professional stone dealer:
1) Check Their Business License & Tax ID:
Natural stone suppliers need to obtain specific state business licenses depending on the type and number of workers they hire. Some states require separate appointments for different types of businesses, such as wholesalers and retailers. These certificates should be displayed in the dealer’s showrooms. You may also check with the state’s General Services Division (GSO) or Secretary of State for any legal actions that have been taken against companies involved in selling low-quality materials under the banner of premium natural stone suppliers.
2) Visit A Few Showrooms:
Take a trip to the dealer’s showroom and check out their inventory of natural stones. Look for high-quality materials from various manufacturers from around the world. You can also talk to their sales staff about your project requirements and ask them specific questions if you want more information on certain styles, hues or types of natural stones. If they are unable to answer any question, it is probably best not to do business with them. Also, compare prices across natural stone suppliers because the chances are that you might find a better deal at another establishment.
3) Check Online Reviews & Testimonials:
Before deciding which vendor to work with, check online review sites for real-life experiences documented by other customers. If you cannot locate any current feedback, it is advisable not to do business with this supplier. Moreover, these days, many bloggers are offering reliable comments and ratings of the dealers; you can go through them.
4) Consider A Wide Range of Services & Products Offered:
While most natural stone suppliers offer a variety of high-quality materials, some companies expand their service offering beyond just selling stones. Look into the type of landscape design work they conduct or if they have a landscaping division that works on installation projects. Also, find out what kinds of services they provide, such as polishing, sealing and maintenance procedures needed to maintain your flooring over time. Good natural stone suppliers should offer you all types of services from start to finish related to your project needs.
5) Inquire About Special Offers & Rebates:
Usually, during festivities, there are fair chances that you may get supplies at reasonable rates. Hence, inquire about any seasonal or bulk purchase discounts provided by the dealer. Some natural stone suppliers offer a military discount for service members, while others have coupons or gift card specials available online regularly. These kinds of deals allow you to save money while still getting quality natural stones for your home or business project.
6) Consider Their Payment Terms:
Most natural stone dealers accept cash, checks and credit cards, but some may require an initial deposit before working on your order. If they cannot provide immediate installation services, ask them if they can deliver material directly from the factory warehouses without charging extra fees for this convenience. Also, inquire what kind of warranty is offered with concrete countertops and flooring.
7) Ask About the Installation Process:
Ask the dealer if they provide in-house installation services or subcontract this work to third parties. Some natural stone dealers may not have trained crews on their payroll and instead rely on pre-packaged “turnkey” solutions provided by outside teams that they hire on an as-needed basis. These natural stone suppliers may be more expensive than in-house installers, and in case they don’t do a great job, you will need to contact management to get it fixed.
Conclusion-
Finding a reputable dealer isn’t always easy, but it’s possible when you know what to look for beforehand. Despite all that has been said about dealing with third parties through Internet marketing companies these days, going back to basics usually helps people make good decisions whenever they buy natural stones for their establishments.Item Notes
2LP Edition
Release Date: 14/4/2017
Label: Favorite Recordings
Description
Favorite and as CD.
Tracklisting
1. Jeff Silna - It's Always Something With You 03:26
2. Stratus - Girl 04:32
3. 7 Days Unlimited - Dirt (In The Sky) 03:27
4. Willy Santana - Mais Uma Chance 02:47
5. Funky Team - It's About Time 02:54
6. James D. Hall - I Wanna Get Into You 03:58
7. George Nasif - Don't Let The Devil 03:18
8. Omega Sunrise - Heartbreaker 04:09
9. Steve Turner - Harbor Place 05:07
10. Billy Always - More Than A Minute 03:34
11. Stacey - Keeps Me Hangin On 03:08
12. Archie James Cavanaugh - Light Unto The World 03:47
13. Out Of The Fog - Heart to Heart 03:39
14. Jon Konteau - The Heckler 03:18Stump Mitchell, who played for the St. Louis and Phoenix Cardinals from 1981-89, is interviewing with Rams head coach Jeff Fisher for the running backs coach position. Mitchell is the head coach at Southern University-Baton Rouge where he is 6-16 in two seasons.
Mitchell was a fan favorite in St. Louis. In 1985, he rushed for 1,006 yards, a career high and was also a punt and kick returner who finished his career with close to 11,000 all-purpose yards.
Prior to becoming a head coach on the college level, Mitchell worked with 1,000 yard rushers in eight of his 11 years as a running backs coach in Seattle and Washington.- Amazon - Maintenance Tech II »
- Amazon - Maintenance Tech III »
- Implementation Consultants - Multiple Roles »
- Facilities Property Coordinator »
- Amazon - Maintenance Tech II »
Lighting - Lutron Electronics Co. Inc. - Facility Management Product Release
Lutron Electronics Co. Inc.
website | Company information
LiteByte is an addition to Lutron's EcoSystem product line and is a digitally addressable lighting control system. LiteByte communicates from the PC software through the EcoSystem IR receiver to allow users to choose their desired light levels for their individual workspace. The product includes Windows-based control software and a USB-based device that attaches either to the side of the monitor, to the desk or to a cabinet.
It converts the PC commands into infrared signals that are transmitted to the EcoSystem IR receiver on the ceiling, which controls a pre-assigned group of light fixtures. LiteByte requires no special server software and poses no network integration complexities,/5/2007Cumulus Radio Peoria reminds you that the much anticipated return of high school hoops is back, as The Kevin Brown Memorial Tournament of Champions returns to Washington, Illinois, November 23rd thru November 27th! Fans will once again pack Torry Gymnasium at Washington Community High School as some of the nation’s most talented players take the floor!
Proceeds from the tournament benefit the KB-Strong Foundation to support researchers at the University of Illinois College of Medicine-Peoria who are advancing knowledge and understanding of brain cancer and translating those findings toward improved clinical treatments and outcomes for patients. Coach Kevin Brown, the tournament’s namesake, lost his battle with glioblastoma in 2019, but his legacy lives on through the tournament and the foundation! For tickets and information about the 16th annual Kevin Brown Memorial Tournament of Champions, including the five-day schedule and team profiles, visit Washington-OFC-Dot-Org!***This post contains affiliate links and I will be compensated if you make a purchase after clicking on my links
If you’re going to be in or near LA next weekend, check out this sweeeeet event. Most of you know of my insane love of ModCloth: The classic lines, quality fabrics, the great sales, and the fact that they have a great plus size collection!
You can meet ModCloth IRL! They’re hosting their 1st-ever fit shop in LA, where you can try on an array of items including dresses, tops, bottoms, shoes, & the requisite cat-printed pieces, meet the peeps behind the ‘screens’, get measurements taken by a pro, & more. Get all the deets and RSVP now on their event page!
If you go, I’d love to see your pics! Please share!Some weir in Dimmingsdale #2, ink and stuff on A2
17/12/2020
2 of 4 quick studies done in a little over an hour this evening. Dimmingsdale is a lovely place nearby and somewhere Ive never painted before. Its nice to get a bit farther than your own garden path.
For Sale
Price: £250 framed and mounted
Picture Size: A2
About the Artist
Justin Twigg
Now living the dream and painting most days at least when my side hustles allow. full profile
Login or register to add a commentYahoo.
Below, go behind-the-scenes and watch the set transform from a pirate ship to 19th century Russia, plus watch interviews with GREAT COMET director Rachel Chavkin and more!
Take a look inside #GreatCometART with this exclusive video including audience testimonials. Check it out below!
The American Repertory Theater (A.R.T.) at Harvard University, under the leadership of Artistic Director Diane Paulus, presents Dave Malloy's musical adaptation of an excerpt from Leo Tolstoy's monumental novelWar and Peace, directed by Rachel Chavkin, with choreography by Sam Pinkleton. Check out a behind the scenes look at the making of the show below!
Fascinated by the world of Anna Karenina? In this new video feature the cast and creative team talked about how they embraced and recreated the world..
Check out a special feature all about the costumes of the new film Anna Karenina featuring costume sketches, interviews and more!
In theaters now - take a look at the set design, insire the extraordinary world of Anna Karenina including interviews, behind the scenes footage and more.Alumni Profiles
Farmanga Ngobeh is a medical student at the College of Medicine and Allied Health Science in Freetown, Sierra Leone who has been passionate about research from high school.
Farmanga has been the administrator of Science Resources Africa since 2011 and is our key liaison officer.
Umu Kuntume Sall's humanitarian feeling for women and children, especially the less privileged, was the stimulus to participating at the Science Resources Africa annual project competition in 2015 and she took 2nd position for her outstanding project about the Ebola virus disease (EVD) during outbreak in Sierra Leone. In 2016 she took part again in the Science Resources Africa competition and this time she won a Faculty for the Future Award from the Sierra Leone Association of Women in Science and Engineering (SLAWiSE).
Umu has started her own Foundation where she is one of Sierra Leone’s Youngest Executive directors in charge of the Child Awareness Foundation (CAF). She is a current student of the college of Medicine and Allied Health Science (COMAHS) and looking forward to a career as a gynaecologist.Age, Biography and Wiki
Stuart Gray was born on 19 April, 1960 in Withernsea, United Kingdom. Discover Stuart Gray April. He is a member of famous with the age 61 years old group.
Stuart Gray Height, Weight & Measurements
At 61 years old, Stuart Gray height is 5′ 10″ .
Dating & Relationship status
He is currently single. He is not dating anyone. We don't have much information about He's past relationship and any previous engaged. According to our Database, He has no children.
Stuart Gray Net Worth
His net worth has been growing significantly in 2020-2021. So, how much is Stuart Gray worth at the age of 61 years old? Stuart Gray’s income source is mostly from being a successful . He is from United Kingdom. We have estimated Stuart Gray's net worth, money, salary, income, and assets.
Stuart Gray Social Network
Timeline
Following a takeover at Sheffield Wednesday by Thai businessman Dejphon Chansiri, Gray was sacked in the summer of 2015 and replaced by head coach Carlos Carvalhal.
Stuart Gray was appointed as head coach of Sheffield Wednesday following the 2–1 win over Rochdale in the FA Cup on 25 January 2014.
Earlier in that FA Cup run, Gray scored his only goal for Southampton, in a replay against Manchester United at Old Trafford. Micky Adams hit a probing left-foot pass which dropped between Peter Schmeichel and Paul Parker. Gray nipped between the goalkeeper and defender to stroke the ball home from just outside the area. Southampton eventually went on to win the game in a penalty shoot-out after scores were level 2–2 after extra time. This was the first ever such shoot-out involving First Division sides.
Following the departure of Dave Jones from Sheffield Wednesday at the end of November 2013 Gray took over as caretaker manager with a view to taking on the managerial role permanently, and as of 8 February had led Wednesday to a run of 11 unbeaten games in all competitions.
In his one full season in charge of the club, he secured their highest finish for 6 years, finishing 13th in a Championship campaign that also saw Wednesday equal their clean sheet record for a season.
In December 2012, Gray was hired by his former Southampton colleague, Dave Jones, as a member of the coaching staff at Championship club Sheffield Wednesday.
On 19 January 2010 Gray became the first-team coach for Burnley. On 30 December he was appointed caretaker manager following the departure of Brian Laws. Gray left Burnley on 13 May 2011 as part of a restructuring after the club failed to achieve even a play-off place in the season just ended. Gray became first-team coach at Portsmouth but was made redundant in April 2012 as part of cost cutting due to their financial difficulties.
Gray was sacked as Northampton Town Manager on 8 September 2009, following relegation from League 1 in the 2008–09 season and being 16th in League 2 after six games in the 2009–10 season.
On 2 January 2007, Gray was appointed as the manager of Northampton Town after accepting a 2 ⁄2 -year contract; he replaced John Gorman who had resigned on 20 December 2006.
When Hoddle was lured away to Tottenham Hotspur in March 2001, Gray initially took over as caretaker manager, before taking on the role permanently in June, as Southampton moved to their new St Mary's Stadium. Early results were poor and chairman Rupert Lowe panicked about the effect on the club's investment in the new stadium and Gray was sacked after little more than 3 months in charge, to be replaced by Gordon Strachan. During his brief tenure as manager, he broke Southampton's transfer record, signing Rory Delap for a fee of £4 million.
After his playing career was finished, Gray joined the coaching staff at The Dell before moving to Wolverhampton Wanderers in June 1994 as reserve team coach. His family were unable to settle in the West Midlands at this time, so he returned to Southampton, initially working in the community office, before becoming reserve team coach under Dave Jones in July 1997, moving up to first team coach in November 1998, a role he retained after the appointment of Glenn Hoddle as manager in January 2000.
Gray joined Southampton in September 1991 for a fee of £200,000 as one of Ian Branfoot's first signings. Initially, this appeared to be a useful signing for the club as he could play either at left-back as cover for Micky Adams or in midfield, but a serious Achilles tendon injury sustained in an FA Cup match against former club Bolton Wanderers ended his playing career.
Born in Withernsea, East Riding of Yorkshire, Gray began his professional career with Nottingham Forest, emerging from the youth system with players such as Steve Hodge and Colin Walsh. He joined Barnsley in 1984 and continued to build a reputation as a steady and versatile player, scoring 11 league goals in the 1986–87 season. He moved to Aston Villa in 1987 and won promotion the following year and runners-up in the First Division in 1990.
Stuart Gray (born 19 April 1960) is an English former professional footballer and manager. He has previously managed Southampton, Northampton Town and Sheffield Wednesday as well as working as caretaker manager for a number of teams.DX Motorized Impeller (DC)
Continental Fan's DX Motorized Impellers are superbly crafted and precision balanced air-moving devices, featuring superior performance and compact design. By combining the efficiency of a backward curved airfoil wheel with the advanced technology of a DC external rotor motor, new standards for air performance and sound levels have been achieved.
DX Impellers are completely speed controllable. Motor and impeller are located directly in the air stream, where the impeller acts as a rotating "heat sink" with excellent heat dissipation and efficient motor cooling. Suitable for either supply or exhaust use, DX Impellers are an excellent choice for applications where transient electrical noise is prohibited.
FEATURES & BENEFITS
• 100% speed controllable DC external rotor motor
• Available from stock in 24 & 48 VDC
• 0-10VDC or PWM motor control
• IP44 motor and reverse polarity protection
• Matching inlet cones available
• Tachometer output
• Capacities to 760 cfm
The DX Motorized Impeller, a better AIRFLOW solution from:
better AIRFLOW by DESIGN™
For more information contact Bruce Gover or visit us on the web to view our full line of motorized impellers.Infant D3 - Vitamin D Drops for Babies
Regular price €9,48Tax included. Shipping calculated at checkout.
- 100% of the HSE recommended dose for infants
- Normal growth and development of bones & teeth
- Supports the immune system
- Suitable from birth
- Rubber dropper included (instead of glass) for safety
- 30ml per bottle - 4 months supply
Climate Migrants: Protecting Immigrants from Adverse Impacts of Climate Change
Time & Location
About the Event
An ELI Public Webinar
As climate change intensifies and extreme weather events wreak havoc on communities, human populations are becoming increasingly mobile despite minimal legal protections for climate migrants. By 2050, events linked to climate change – including extreme drought and agricultural losses, wildfires, sea-level rise and other flooding, and impacted economies – are expected to forcibly displace 50-200 million people worldwide.
A particular challenge migrants face is the varied laws and processes each nation has in regard to immigration. Without a global framework for environmental refugees, this challenge is likely to worsen. One approach gaining traction to combat these issues is bilateral agreements between the countries where people are expected to leave and the countries likely to receive them, which may ease the migration process and provide protections for climate migrants.
How can international laws and agreements be leveraged to alleviate the disproportionate risks and harms migrants face from climate change and natural disasters? What are the opportunities and obstacles for climate migration policies and agreements? What should the core considerations be in the design of climate migration bilateral agreements? Join ELI and expert panelists to explore these questions and the opportunities and challenges to increase protections for climate migrants.
Panelists: Carl Bruch, Director, International Programs, and Senior Attorney, Environmental Law Institute, Moderator Maxine Burkett, Professor of Law, William S. Richardson School of Law, University of Hawaii Melisa Laelan, Chief Executive Officer, Arkansas Coalition of Marshallese, Inc. Shanna McClain, Ph.D., Global Partnerships Manager and Resilience Advisor, NASA Earth Sciences Division, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Michael Vastine, Director, Immigration Clinic and Professor of Law, St. Thomas University
Materials: Any materials will be posted as they are received..Calcite screening equipment supplies Roeder Industries . Roeder Industries has all the screen printing supplies and equipment you need. We supply top quality inks,.EC-CV-1535 Good quality 1-9Layers vibrating tumbler Abrasive Materials Dry Micro calcite sand sifter screen machine Contact Now EC-CV-1535 Good quality 1-9Layers vibrating tumbler Abrasive Materials Dry Micro calcite sand sifter screen machine Product Description This equipment is a super-square tumbler screen (SYT-FYBS) model developed.
Calcite Washing Equipment Supplies. Calcite Washing Equipment Supplies We have unique technical advantages in crushing, beneficiation, grinding, building materials and other fields. Now we serve customers in than 160 countries and regions around the world.
The Silkscreen Printers Choice for Supplies Equipment. The latest in digital printing equipment. M R’s DS-4000 Digital Squeegee is setting the standard for hybrid printing. At production rates of 400+ prints per hour the DS-4000 bridges the gap between direct-to-garment (DTG) printing and screen printing. Since the Digital Squeegee prints.
Oct 01, 2020 Calcite mining and processing plant..
Y series circular vibrating screen follows classical structural design of screening equipment, and its performance is fully guaranteed. In addition, we strengthen the design of vibration exciter of the equipment, i.e. the vibration source is stable, and the exciting force is powerful. Screen Options Satisfying Multiple Demands.
Gypsum processing plant with crushing grinding screening flow sheet. SBM provide complete gypsum processing plant with mining equipment, crusher, screen, grinding mill. Find drywall supplies in Wall, NJ on Yellowbook. Get reviews and contact details for each.ia..
It supplies all kinds calcite crusher equipment and design calcite crushing grinding production line according Calcite mining and processing plant Dolomite is kind of carbonate mineral which includes iron dolomite and manganese dolomite.
Machinery for calcite manufacturing. SAM is a professional manufacturer and exporter of mining equipment, such as crushing plant, mobile crushers, grinding mill machine, feeding conveyor, screening.
It supplies all kinds calcite crusher equipment and design calcite crushing grinding production line according to the requirement Crushing Plant For Sale Used Crushing Plant Screening Plant crushing plants 687 offers, search and find ads for new and used crushing plants for sale, screening..
Calcite Crusher LIMINGShanghai. Calcite has a very wide distribution in the world and its main ponent is ground calcium carbonate This mineral can be used as filler which increases volume of products and production cost will be reduced efficaciously by this way Calcite plays an important role in rubber plastic papermaking paint and building supplies etc industries.. Oline Chat.
SCREEN PRINTING SUPPLIES, EQUIPMENT AND EDUCATION. ScreenPrinting.com is where printers can conveniently find their favorite high-quality brands of equipment and supplies, such as Riley Hopkins, FN-INK, Baselayr, Sgreen. Printers can earn membership points from each and every purchase through ScreenPrinting.com to be used for future orders of.Residential
Residential Living
Creating interior spaces that are beautiful and have unusual details can give character to a home and reflect the style and personality of the homeowner. At Millwork Innovations, our experts provide stunning finishes using a variety of techniques. Working with homeowners, interior designers and home builders, we can help bring your vision to life.
“Whatever you can dream up, we can create,” says Millwork Innovations Vice President Jill Chouinard. “We’re very experienced at creating beautiful spaces throughout all areas of the home as well as integrating how people use the various spaces and, ultimately, how the homeowners feel being within the space.”
Heyland Residential – 2019
Recent Projects
Millwork Innovations creates classic and modern interiors through careful execution of trims, doors, cabinetry, countertops, vanities, columns, moulding and ceiling details. Have a look at our residential projects gallery to see the wide range of designed-for-you looks we can achieve. We guarantee we’ll have you saying, “I love my space!”
Purpose and Imagination
When people hear ‘millwork’, they often think ‘cabinets’, but it is so much more. We deliver projects that are varied, imaginative and expressive – exactly the type of project our millworkers thrive on. While we honor the beauty of a space, we know that good home design also needs to focus on comfort, safety and flow.
Uniqely You
A home speaks volumes about those who inhabit its spaces. For some, clean lines and minimalist spaces make their heart sing, for others, warm woodwork, custom furniture and built-in storage solutions bring a friendly, cozy vibe to their living space. Have a unique expression for you and your family? We can make that happen.
MEMBERSHIP
Upload Your Blueprint
Office: 403-394-7714
mi3@millworkinnovations.ca
LOCATION
Lethbridge, Alberta
T1H 5J3, CanadaCreate new account | My Profile | My Account | My Bookmarks | My Inbox | Help | Log in
Site search
Web search
Advanced search
Tue Sep 29, 2020, 09:44 PM
andym (4,705 posts)
3 replies, 331 views
Reply to this thread
Back to top Alert abuse
Response to andym (Original post)
Tue Sep 29, 2020, 09:46 PM
FeelingBlue (437 posts)
Reply to this post
Back to top Alert abuse Link here
Permalink
Response to FeelingBlue (Reply #1)
Tue Sep 29, 2020, 09:47 PM
Rhiannon12866 (141,304 posts)
Tue Sep 29, 2020, 09:49 PM
dchill (28,355 posts)
About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact
In Memoriam
© 2001 - 2021 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.Adam, THE BOOKS OF.—The.
GEORGE J.REIDCreating the Guest List
Creating the Guest List.
Say What?
The debate between the Republican real estate broker and the new age existentialist is heating up, and you are worried that others will start taking sides.
What do you say?
Anything.
If you are giving a party, always be ready with a store of anecdotes or comments about something in the news that will change the subject. If this tactic fails, propose a toast to something or somebody..
DON'T:
-.
Everybody has his or her own little tricks and preferences when it comes to making up a guest list..
The best guests are those who know how to sing for their supper. They know that guests as well as hosts have a responsibility to contribute to the party. They will encourage and add to conversation. They are positive and cheerful. You can depend on them. An interesting person who loves to talk—even if it's about himself—will amuse a handful of people and get others talking as well.
Understanding Your Motive
The host motivation for the party has a lot to do with the guest list. See if you can find a good motive for yourself:
- To pay back for invitations you've accepted in the past
- To reaffirm friendships
- To show off a new home, painting, furniture, and so on
- To honor someone
- To say thank you to people who've helped you with a particular project or problem
- To get to know new neighbors or colleagues
- To generate future party invitations for yourself
I know a woman who travels widely and spends at least two weeks in each destination. She gives a cocktail party the first evening she arrives. The next day she waits for invitations that will keep her busy for the rest of her visit.
Excluding Friends
Don't be afraid to tell friends that you are giving a party that doesn't include them. I was pleased to learn, for example, that I was not invited to a cocktail party given by a scientist friend for his colleagues. There would have been, necessarily, a lot of shop talk exclusive to the group and baffling to me. If shop talk is inevitable, the general rule is to invite only those who can participate and/or enjoy it.
Men and Women.
Negative Additions
Mind Your P's and Q's
Guests especially appreciate being invited to parties at times when parties are scarce—Valentine's Day, Thanksgiving, Mother's Day. Never hesitate to entertain at unusual times—a breakfast party might be the best time to catch busy people.
What do you do about the unexpected guest or the last-minute addition?
If you can accommodate the extra person without undue disruption, do so gracefully and as cheerfully as possible.
However, there are situations in which you should refuse to accept the added guest. It may be that adding a seemingly discordant plate or flatware to your perfectly set table would just make you crazy. And you can't just fabricate a seventh Cornish hen when you have planned a party for six.
The refusal should be accomplished with as much grace and good humor as possible to avoid bad feelings. One reputedly excellent hostess used to call on me regularly to attend her seated dinner parties. One day she called to invite me to dinner, and I told her that I had gotten married the month before. “That's terrible,” she said. “What will I do? You can't bring your husband. It will ruin my seating arrangement.”
Happily, I never heard from her again.
- Read articles and find tips and on being curteous and polite in social situations.If I wasn't drawing this toon, I'd be fishing (and drinking)!
The idea for the toon came to me this weekend when my girlfriends ex husband invited us to go out on his pontoon with him and his girlfriend. He told me that myself and his girlfriend could go fishing while he and the ex wife got drunk on the pontoon. Is it possible to go fishing without a few beers? I think not! Anyway it struck me funny, so naturally I made up a Joe's Bar Toon!
I put a little extra time into this pic and added some subtle highlights / lowlights for effect. It's based on the classic Snoopy and Charlie Brown picture of them staring into the sunset. I think it came out quite nice (some little flaws, but not to bad).
Let me know your thoughts.
Thanks
Neecko
President Reuven Rivlin's visit to Ethiopia as part of the conference “Impact of Good”
Between.
- Write a review
Laufenn S Fit EQ
Reviews
Good tyre
I have had the tyres around 2 monthS and they are going well. The drive is smooth and handling significantly improved from previous Bridgestone tyres. They also grip to the road nicely when wet
-
- Verified
Value for money
I purchased Laufenn S Fit EQ LK01 from Jax tyres mainly on Laufenns tyre spec which indicated
Optimised dry and wet weather performance
Excellent stability and handling performance
Long tread life
Quiet, smooth driving
It took about a week for the tyres car and driver to be all on the same page.Sure they are not as good as OEM when vehicle was purchased but you wont be dissapointed.
recomended by tyre dealer
Had to replace 4 tyres on my wifes peugeot 308 hatch and wanted to get something reasonable without going to the factory fitted michelin tyres . A nearby tyre dealer who stocks many brands suggested the laufenn s fit at $110 per tyre for 205/55/16 size fitted and balanced. First thing i noticed was how quiet they are at highway speed and although early days yet the feel very sure footed and handle well on the very ordinary country roads around south gippsland. They have a high wear rating of 500 so should last well and at the price appear to be an excellent buy.
Find out how Laufenn S Fit EQ compares to other Passenger Tyres
Know better, choose better.
Good grip, feels good to drive on
I bought these tyres recently for my Holden Astra 2005. HighwayTyres had a deal where there was a $50 cashback. the tyres ended costing $390 for all 4 including installation. Once I drove the car out I was immediately aware of better grip and handling. I have the tyres for a week and so far I am quite pleased with the performance.
Good tyres, even better price
We bought these tyres on advice from Jax tyres. We were going to buy more expensive tyres, but they said the Laufenn were just as good. We took the advice and bought these tyres. I am very happy with them, the have a great feel on the road, good traction in the wet and are very quiet..12 Key Secrets of Tom Brady’s Success, Quickly Explained and Then Ranked By How Easy They Are to Copy
Tom Brady is the oldest active player on an NFL roster, and somehow he’s just two wins away from yet another Super Bowl trophy.
Business leaders can learn a lot from studying Brady. In fact, I’ve compiled an entire ebook about this idea: Tom Brady Always Wins, which you can download here for free.
Whether you’re a Brady fan or not (and whether you care about sports or not) here are 12 key secrets to Brady’s success, each explained in under 100 words, and ranked more or less by how replicable they are:
1. He controls his emotions.
Losing control of your feelings is the fastest way to lose control of a critical situation. Brady is very emotional — but when it matters, it’s all about controlled emotion.
And when the game is over, he’s effusive. (Here’s what I caught him doing after winning the Super Bowl in 2019.)
2. He adapts to win.
One of the least appreciated reasons why Brady has been able to endure, is that he has adapted the way he plays the game to accommodate his age.
One example: Early in his career, Brady was known for waiting for the perfect moment to make long, hard, accurate passes. In his 40s, however, he changed: faster, shorter passes, and more of them — which means less chance of being hit or injured by defensive players.
3. He works with friends.
Gallup says the most controversial question it asks in its employee engagement research is, “Do you have a best friend at work?“
Brady clearly does — to the point that when he signed with his new team, he convinced one of his best friends, Rob Gronkowski, who is also his most-successful on-field partner, to come out of retirement and play with him.
4. He prioritizes recruitment and retention.
We just saw a prime example of this–the degree to which Brady is able to lead players who are from an entirely different generation, and on the opposing team.
Take a look at what he did after his team beat the Washington Football Team in the first round of the playoffs — forging a relationship with Washington’s Chase Young. Was it instinctive? Or maybe it was strategic calculation: “You never know, I might be on a team at some point that needs a top-tier defensive end.”
5. He displays ostentatious humility.
Brady isn’t humble. In fact, here’s the hilarious thing told Robert Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots, the first time they met after the team drafted Brady in 2000: “I’m the best decision this organization has ever made.”
But, he knows now that some of his younger players literally grew up with his poster on their wall. So, he makes the first move. In fact, a number of players have said the first thing they ever heard Brady say was a simple greeting: “Hi, I’m Tom Brady.“
6. He achieves work-life balance.
Brady is maniacal about football, to the exclusion of almost everything except family, at least at least according to journalists who have spent a lot of time with him. It’s balance — but a balance between only two things.
“He would be the first to tell you that there is no more or less to his reality right now than the sport of football and his family,” wrote Ben Court of Men’s Health, after spending days with Brady in the Bahamas, “Whenever Brady talks about his family, which he does easily and without prompting, he comes to life, waving those long arms and breaking into laughter as he describes how each of his kids delights him.”
7. He thinks like an underdog.
How can you call the greatest quarterback in history an underdog? In fact, during the end of his tenure with the Patriots, Brady’s “brand” suffered because the Patriots not only weren’t underdogs; they acted as if they didn’t care what anyone else thought of them.
But having started over in Tampa, he managed to regain some of that. There’s more of an element now of the Brady who in 2000 wasn’t sure he had any chance of playing in the NFL, and was sending resumes for “regular” corporate jobs.
8. He develops more leaders.
If you look at Brady’s jersey, you’ll notice a patch with a gold “C” and four stars under it, representing that he’s a team captain — a role Brady had during 19 straight seasons with his prior team, too.
A great truism about great leaders is that they produce more leaders, not just followers. One legacy of that for Brady is the sheer number of other former Patriots players, who are now captains, too.
9. He makes strategic sacrifices.
During his first 18 in the NFL, Brady made about $197 million. It’s a lot of money, but he was not the highest paid quarterback in the league. In fact, an analysis suggested he left between $60 million and $100 million on the table during negotiations.
Why? According to this analysis, it was so his team could sign other top players, which improved the team’s odds of on-field success, and ultimately increased Brady’s value, too.
10. He sets quantifiable goals.
It’s one thing to say you want to be the greatest quarterback of all time. It’s another entirely to say, I want to be playing at age 45, and I want to win more Super Bowls than anyone else.
When he started with the Bucs this year, he was quoted saying he wanted to “elevate” the team–but also, quantifiably–win at least one Super Bowl with them.
11. He displays extreme dedication.
Beyond his on-the-field performance and his longevity, Brady is known for his intense, idiosyncratic preparation: long hours, extreme diet, and the unusual fitness routine he and his trainer and business partner Alex Guerrero have developed.
Beyond that, Brady recognizes that he has less natural talent than many pro quarterbacks, and so he has to make it up somewhere: “The only thing that I know,” he explained, “is to go out there and work at it. … I’m not buying into any hype or potential. I’m into work.”
12. He believes it will happen.
I saved this for last. It’s not sufficient on its own, but without it, nothing else would have happened. And I think it’s also the hardest key on this list.
Decades ago — when Brady was cut from the varsity team in high school, when he had to fight for playing time in college, when he watched 198 other players get picked ahead of him in the draft — he still seems to have believed it would all work out.
To the extent he’s wavered, he credits his wife, Gisele Bündchen, with restoring his belief: “In her mind, there are no boundaries,” he explained. “And you know what? She’s right. I’m the one that had to go, ‘You’re right!’ And that’s helped me grow.”
(As a reminder, the free ebook is: Tom Brady Always Wins.)An awful lot of PC gamers buy an awful lot of PC hardware through Amazon. The prices are good, the selection is great, you can go shopping to your heart's content literally without budging from where you're parked right now, and deliveries, while ethically dubious, are fast and reliable.
One part of the experience that isn't always quite so reliable, though, is user reviews. In an update posted today, Amazon said that while it strives to ensure that customer reviews "accurately reflect the experience that customers have had with a product," it warned that fake reviews are becoming increasingly difficult to deal with.
"In 2020, we stopped more than 200 million suspected fake reviews before they were ever seen by a customer, and more than 99% of reviews enforcement was driven by our proactive detection," Amazon wrote. "In addition to stopping these reviews, we take action to shut down and stop review submissions from the accounts contributing the fake reviews and to enforce the bad actors' selling accounts trying to artificially benefit from this abuse."
That sounds like a pretty successful campaign against abuse, but because of those efforts, perpetrators have begun taking fake reviews off-site, particularly through social media, either directly or through a third-party service. This is where the situation grows more complicated: Amazon said it uses "a number of techniques, including advanced machine learning," to combat off-platform abuse, but it's much more challenging to deal with it effectively when it's happening elsewhere, and the numbers are going up.
"In the first three months of 2020, we reported more than 300 groups to social media companies, who then took a median time of 45 days to shut down those groups from using their service to perpetrate abuse," it wrote. "In the first three months of 2021, we reported more than 1,000 such groups, with social media services taking a median time of five days to take them down."
Social media platforms are obviously much faster in responding to complaints these days, but in order to address the problem "at scale," Amazon said they need to invest more in "proactive controls to detect and enforce fake reviews ahead of our reporting the issue to them." It also called on consumer regulation agencies for "coordinated assistance" in bringing legal action against fake review service providers and those who use them.
"We need social media companies whose services are being used to facilitate fake reviews to proactively invest in fraud and fake review controls, partner with us to stop these bad actors, and help consumers shop with confidence," Amazon wrote. "It will take constant innovation and partnership across industries and law enforcement to fully protect consumers and our honest selling partners."
It might be difficult to work up much sympathy for the travails of the multi-billion-dollar behemoth Amazon, but user review abuse is a long-standing and widespread problem. Probably the best-known example among PC gamers is that of Valve, which has struggled with the problem for years. Despite measures including "histogram" charts, the exclusion of "off-topic" reviews, and automated prompts to update old reviews, it's still a problem: Nier: Automata suffered a significant review-bombing in March at the hands of users who wanted it updated to match the version available on the Windows Store. If Amazon is able to come up with an effective strategy to meaningfully reduce user review abuse, it could prove beneficial for other platforms and storefronts (and everyone who uses them) in the long run too.I am going to embark on a 31 day project . . . idea . . . thing. With the recent events that have been happening in and around my life, I am reminded again that I have too much junk. Some of it is “stuff” and some of it is JUNK. I keep things that I have no immediate use for but “might use someday”. It might be partial broken, but some of it can be salvaged. I am sure I have duplicates of a couple of things, like vases, I can probably do with one less vase.
My idea is to get rid of one thing a day. My hope is that if I commit to doing something with one thing everyday in December it will end up being more than just 31 things. But I am not going to let “one” thing become a big project. I might let one thing end up an easy project, but nothing too time consuming, involved, or that takes up a lot of “building” space. The idea right now is to make more space, so I don’t want to pull out something and start a long sewing or craft project. But it COULD be that I move something from broken to fixed and useable. I am going to give myself some rules but I am also going to allow some leeway.
There are many ways it can be done. It could be that you have a set of dishes that has 31 pieces and you get rid of one piece a day. It could be that you have a stack of 31 newspapers and you get rid of one a day. I would hope that would not be the way you choose to participate, but, hey, whatever works for you. It could be that you have a few stacks (of newspapers or clothes or magazines) and you get rid of one entire stack. Could be that you decide to donate a pair of pants and once you pull it off the hanger or out of the drawer you realize there is another pair or a blouse. You could decide to count two articles as one. It is up to you, I am inviting you to join me in using the entire month of December to make more space or clean up a bit.
What I plan on doing is letting you know THAT I got rid of something, cleaned, fixed, transformed. I might not tell you WHAT I did exactly because I can think of some things I have saved or plan on doing you just might think is odd and I don’t want this turning into a blog with posts about hoarding, like an episode of Hoarders. I just want to try to help us maybe get somethings done. Maybe fix something that is broken. Maybe clear a space. At this point I don’t plan on posting everyday. But I will post at least once a week about that I did something for the number of days between that post and the last. I might not use my regular post days for these posts. I am thinking I will post about this on Mondays, but I am not sure yet. But I will do something everyday!
I already have two things in mind, both I am thinking I will not share details with you because they might have you thinking I am crazy. But maybe not. But this to me is part of wellness. Reducing and making space. Getting rid of some of the clutter. Starting December 1st, I am going to get rid of something, fix something that is broken, or use something that I have save to be used “someday”. Taking this slow approach might make it less of a hassle during the holidays, yet still make a small dent in the clutter.
So what do you think?.
.jpg)
Too
The Great Depression has helped shape the United States to become the way we are today. There are numerous reasons this economic catastrophe happened. The Great Depression lasted from 1929-1939(History.com) President Hoover is widely blamed for this.
Just weeks later, with France in the midst of a Nazi invasion and British forces surrounded at Dunkirk, a decision had to be made: would the British reach a peace settlement with Hitler as suggested by Foreign Secretary Viscount Halifax and Neville Chamberlain, the leader of the Tories, or would the British stand and fight to the death as proposed by Winston Churchill? As we now know, the British decided to go with their new Prime Minister and continued to fight. Prior rips into Chamberlain for his wishes to make a peace settlement when he was Prime Minister, saying that Chamberlain’s belief that the British could reach a negotiated agreement with the Nazis showed an incomprehension of the enemy on Chamberlain’s behalf. Prior goes on to give strong, but fair praise to Churchill for how he handled his first days as Prime Minister. He was constantly being undermined by Halifax, who was working for intervention from the Italians for a peace settlement, even after it was becoming increasingly clear that the Italians would join sides with the Nazis..
As an alternative, he considered methods of protecting American freight without actually arriving at the conclusion of a war. He addressed the situation with a positive attitude and was hopeful that the Germans would reassess the submarine campaign. Ships asked for the naval guard or at least protective weapons for firing at submarines on the surface. The senate never ended up acting on the issue and President Wilson armed the vessels without congressional authorization (Fordham, 301-302). These statements given to the American people add to the credibility of Wilson as a president considering he is still trying to stay neutral in World War I.
Roosevelt set up the Temporary Emergency Relief Administration (TERA) as the governor of New York, right after the stock market crashed in 1929. TERA was a program used to find jobs for the unemployed and in 1932, just 3 years after its start; TERA was helping 1 out of every 10 families in New York (History.com Staff). Roosevelt was reelected as governor of New York in 1930 and in 1932; Franklin Roosevelt was elected as the nation’s 32nd president. By time Roosevelt was inaugurated on March 4, 1933, the Depression had surpassed desperate levels leaving 13 million unemployed. He began his presidency with what he called a "New Deal" and an ambitious first hundred days..
As the United States were planning on how to invade Japan, there had been a lot of controversy between Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Staff Admiral William Leahy, Secretary of War Henry Stimson as to how to attack Japan until Secretary of State James Byrnes brought up the idea of bombing Japan without any warning, shocking Japan into surrendering. According to document A, “Truman believed that it was his duty as president to use every weapon available to save American lives.” The quote from document A shows that Truman had to use anything available in order to save American
Stock Market Failure- Tyler The day the stock markets failed or Black Tuesday, October 29, 1929.
In 1929, the United States stock prices dropped drastically, leaving farmers without farms, banks out of business, and businesses bankrupt. This was the start of the Great Depression. The Great Depression affected the whole country, leaving many unemployed and impoverished. The Depression lasted for a whole decade. In 1932, Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected President of the United States..
During the 20s, which became known at the Roaring 20s, American society was at an all time high and people were prospering as the nation’s wealth almost doubled and American was sent into the modern, consumer age. However following almost directly after the Roaring 20s, America entered a period of economic failure, also known as the Great Depression. During this period, the U.S faced economic, social, and political turmoil. The government and various individuals quickly sought after solutions to address the problems facing America during this time. Herbert Hoover, who was President at the start of the Depression, and his many reforms intended to revitalize the economy and create more jobs but would fail and his belief in rugged individualism,This November will mark the 5 year anniversay of the official launch of Katie O' Wedding and Events. Just typing that gives me chills! Owning a business has been a huge learning curve replete with ups and downs, joy and laughter, and a lot of stress. But, more than anything, it has been incredibly rewarding.
You've heard me say numerous times on this blog that I'm so thankful for my clients and grateful that I truly love my work. I feel so blessed to share so many incredible special life moments with so many families who have entrusted me and my amazing KOWE crew to be a part of their day. And as the years go on, we often run into other KOWE alumni at weddings and I LOVE IT! Lots of KOWE (and Elario) alumni in the photo below!
We ran into Julie & Chad in Newport, RI at Erin and Matt's wedding! Erin was Julie's Maid of Honor so we were thrilled to be a part of their celebration and get to catch up with a favorite KOWE couple!
So much has happened over the past five years. I opened my storefront in Troy; I went on a lot of first dates that finally led me to the love of my life; and I have watched my clients go from giddy brides and grooms to new parents.In addition to their weddings, I've been invited to baby showers; and I watch as their own families go from two to three…four, and more! Fun fact: Dominick and Carolyn were the FIRST KOWE couple and now they have two gorgeous daughters! I am grateful to be able to watch all these beautiful families grow and thank goodness for Facebook so I can keep up on all the cuteness!
This special group of individuals is known as KOWE Alumni (#kowealumni for you IG'ers!) Ever year we graduate a new class and I sincerely look forward to watching as the lives of my clients unfold! It is truly the most important and meanigful part of what we do. We build relationships, we have fun and we make memories to last a lifetime.
Are you a KOWE alumni? Say hi in the comments and let us know your favorite part of being a KOWE couple!
Keep sparkling–A Nutty Scientists Home Based franchisee provides their services to a wide range of
customers throughout their protected territory. Potential
customers include, but are not limited to; parents, Pre Schools, Primary Schools,
Secondary Schools, Local Authorities, Corporations, Institutions, Hotels, Theatres,
Libraries, Community Groups and more.
Franchisees will employ instructors to deliver their programmes, allowing them to focus on operating and growing their business. The Nutty Scientists support team provide assistance through all stages of the recruitment process.
Nutty Scientists franchisees will operate their activities from venues located throughout each of their protected territories allowing them to reach the widest possible audience.
The type of venues that are available are:
- Primary Schools
- Community Centres
- Sports Complexes
- Children’s Activity Centres
- Family Attraction Centres
- Enterprise Centres
Franchisee materials are easily transportable, meaning everything needed to conduct the many services in schools, libraries or in local community venues can be easily fit into a family car. This enables franchisees to trade immediately and to operate a mobile business with minimal overheads.
The Nutty Lab
As your business grows and you have gained an excellent understanding of your territory, you will than have the option to find a permanent location to deliver your services.
Creativity Centre.
It offers franchisees the ability to provide all of the services of a home-based opportunity as well as a place to call their own. The location will become a community hub where children of all ages can come to learn scientific concepts in a playful, fun, yet structured atmosphere.
The Nutty Scientists Lab will cater for a wide variety of events including:
- Birthday Parties
- School Tours
- Camps
- After-schools Clubs
- Corporate Events
- Scout Groups
- Shows
The Nutty Scientists Lab must be located in an area of high footfall, preferably near other children and family focused providers.
Revenue Streams
Whether you are operating a mobile business or a Nutty Lab Nutty Scientists franchisees have multiple revenue streams available to them. With a full calendar of events planned throughout the year, Nutty Scientists has developed award winning programmes for children, adults, businesses, local authorities, schools and much more.
Birthday Parties
Nutty Scientists offers scientific shows or workshops as an entertainment service for parties and celebrations. The combination of fun, theatre and education make these shows an unforgettable experience for all children.
After School Classes
Nutty Scientists After School Programmes are available to schools and
associations. These popular hands-on activities offer a great learning value and
encourage the active participation of children
Camps
Nutty Scientists Camps are an innovative form of “edutainment” (entertainment +
education). Combining fun with learning, each camp contains an educational theme that keeps children engaged from day to day.
In-School Workshops
Nutty Scientists in-school workshops are aligned to the UK school curriculum to enhance the cohesiveness of students’ STEAM education.
School Tours
Educational school tours can take place in your Nutty Lab throughout the year.
Awareness Campaigns
For many years Nutty Scientists has been developing and designing campaigns that focus on bringing awareness to important health and environmental issues. We have created campaigns for classrooms, companies and government bodies alike.
Festival Entertainment
Nutty Scientists offers the opportunity to delight families with highly entertaining shows and workshops of a scientific nature in any fun festival.
Virtual Programmes
In Nutty Scientists Virtual Programmes children have lots of fun at home. Either receiving their own materials kit or using items around the house to implement the programme.
Corporate Workshops
Engaging and inclusive workshops designed for the corporate environment for both adults and children.
Library Workshops
Work with all libraries across your territory providing the in demand STEAM programmes.
These vegan health articles are presented to assist you in taking a pro-active part in your own health.
See All-Creatures.org Health Position and Disclaimer..WrestleMania: Undertaker vs AJ Styles 'Boneyard Match' was straight out of a video game
The main event of WrestleMania 36 saw The Undertaker and AJ Styles battle in a 'Boneyard Match'.
It was a modern spin on the classic 'Buried Alive' bout - a stipulation The Deadman is very familiar with.
Fitting in the theme of WrestleMania 36, this was a very strange encounter. In fact, it was like something out of a video game.
AJ arrived at the location in a herse, mocking the Undertaker's entrance, before coming face to face with the American Badass himself.
The pair brawled for a few minutes and 'Taker put his opponent into the grave - but was distracted by Gallows and Anderson, allowing AJ to recover.
After fighting back, The Phenomenal One then forced The Deadman himself into the grave, but as he tried to bury him, was attacked from behind. Still with us? Because it gets crazier.
The Deadman got the upper hand again as his opponent cowered onto the tin roof of a house, which ended up on fire, leading to Styles being choke slammed off of it!
One final boot to the face sent AJ back into the grave, and this time 'Taker was able to bury him six feet under.
It was all utterly bonkers. Think Matt Hardy's Ultimate Deletion, but on a bigger scale.
What a perfect way to headline the most unique WrestleMania we've ever seen.
After a brilliant ending to the first night of WrestleMania, we can't wait for night two tomorrow.News Now - Sport NewsThis week’s workout comes from pilates instructor Charlotte Hulme ’14. You can attend her class Monday 7-8 in the Alumnae Ballroom.
If you want to request a specific type of workout, or have a workout to share, email elittrel@wellesley.edu.
Workout
Remember to breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth throughout the workout. Keeping your abs engaged is also important (picture your bellybutton being pulled into the spine). This workout is for you to modify depending on how much time you have available, so don’t be afraid to lengthen the workout, take exercises out or add in exercises you like!
Warm up with some calf-stretches and easy squats.
Exercises:
1) Leg extensions for a count of 100. For this to be effective the bellybutton must be pulled into the spine, the chin must be tucked to the chest and the lower back has to stay on the mat. Challenge yourself by lowering the legs down closer to the mat—this will really hit those lower abs as long as you keep the back on the mat the whole time.
2) Roll up (similar to a sit-up, but with legs down and extended) 20 times. Bring the arms up over the head and use just your abs to lift yourself up and then try to touch your hands to your toes or beyond. Roll back down one vertebrae at a time, and take it much more slowly than you think you should—you should be feeling it in those lower abs! If the traditional roll up is too easy, try making a ﬁst out of your hands and putting them by your ears, and roll up without the momentum your arms normally provide.
3) Single leg stretch 20 times. One knee is tucked into the chest, other leg is extended at a 45 degree angle. Put the same side hand as the knee tucked into the chest on the outside of the ankle, and the opposite side hand as the knee on the inside of the knee. Tug the knee towards you for two counts and then switch legs.
4) Double leg stretch 10 times. This time both knees are tucked into the chest at the beginning. Then extend both legs out to a 45 degree angle with the hands extended out behind the head. Try to hold for about three or four counts (as long as possible without letting your lower back/abs come off the mat). Then exhale and wrap the arms and legs back to the starting position.
5) Bridges. Start lying on your back, then lift the hips to the point where you feel your glutes are engaged. Lift and lower about five to seven times to start. Then raise one foot (either keeping the leg straight or bending at the knee) and do raises 10 times on each side.
Cool down by stretching for a few minutes, focusing on how it makes your body feel.
Terms
If any of the movement descriptions are unfamiliar to you, try searching YouTube for tutorials and explanations so you can see the movement in action.Robert Eckelman
CTV & OTT close, but not the same thing
CTV– A Television that is connected to the Internet through its built-in Smart TV interface or a plug-in device | stick like a Roku, Fire TV stick, Game Console... CTV Advertising only runs on the glass of your Television. It is 100% full Screen, Long Form*, and Non-Skippable
*ConnectADtv only runs Long Form (22 minutes or more Programming). A viewer could watch YouTube Clips on their TV so from other providers that could fall under CTV.
OTT- Over The Top is video content delivered over and around traditional Broadcast, Cable or Satellite. OTT content can be delivered to your TV, but also to your smartphone, tablet or computer. Content on smartphone, tablet & computer may not be full screen or even in view due to multiple screen options
CTV is a Premium Product, OTT is often, but not always, a cheaper blended product. There is room for both CTV and OTT Just be sure the vendor is transparent and has a strategy for both.ROME – Nov. 17, 2021 – With the support of the National Bar Council, the Rwandan activist and daughter of Paul Rusesabagina, Carine Kanimba, will arrive in Rome to ask for as much support as possible for his cause. Paul Rusesabagina is the hero who inspired the Hollywood film “Hotel Rwanda,” and was arrested more than a year ago and recently sentenced to twenty-five years in prison in a “mock trial”.
Carine Kanimba will be in Rome from tomorrow until November 19th, together with her father’s Belgian lawyer Vincent Lurquin. Together, they will attend a hearing on Thursday, November 18th, in the Chamber of Deputies. They have also been invited by the CNF to join the plenary session on Friday 19 November, to represent the trial and ask for a fair trial and the release of Rusesabagina.
Paul Rusesabagina, 67 year old Rwandan businessman and Belgian citizen, despite being of Hutu ethnicity, saved more than a thousand Tutsis from massacre during the genocide of 1994. He gave them refuge in the Hôtel des Mille Collines, of which he was director, and in so-doing, saved the lives of 1268 people. The account was portrayed in the Oscar-nominated film with Don Cheadle as lead actor.
In Rwanda, public prosecutors have appealed against the sentence of 25 years in prison for terrorism, which they deemed too light compared to the life sentence requested in the indictment. It has been defined by various international human rights organizations as “a political trial” for Rusesabagina’s activities criticizing the authoritarian government of the current president of Rwanda Paul Kagame, conducted in defiance of the rules of a fair trial.
The European Parliament approved a resolution on October 7th 2021, which underlines, among other things, that Paul Rusesabagina was not able to initially choose the lawyers for his defense. Then, his lawyers, since April this year, were prevented from meeting him, in violation of Article 68 of the Rwandan Code of Criminal Procedure as well as of all international conventions.
In addition to the European Parliament, the Federation of Bar Association of Europe (FBE), the International Bar Association’s Human Rights Institute (IBAHRI), the governments of Belgium, the United Kingdom and the Department of State of the United States of America have all made statements denouncing irregularities and violations of the rules of fair trial.
Carine Kanimba will meet the Italian press at the headquarters of the National Bar Council (via del Government Vecchio, 3 Rome) on Thursday 18 November from 1pm to 3pm.
Press office:
Benedetta Giardini – 338 4664331
officesostampa@consiglionazionaleforense.it (mailto:ufficiostampa@consiglionazionaleforense.it)Property Attributes
- MLS#MDPG2017000
- TypeContingent
- CountyPRINCE GEORGES
- CityDistrict Heights
- NeighborhoodColony Sq 03
- Zip20747
- StyleColonial
- Year Built2004
- Taxes$ 3997
- Price$ 320,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1096
- Lot Size1,742 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Weichert, REALTORS
Data Source:
Bright MLS - 382 - MD
Property Description
Must see... This is it....BEAUTIFUL from top to bottom this end-unit townhome is waiting for a new owner. The entry level hardwood is gorgeous along with a convenient main level powder room. The ample eat-in, table space area will accommodate meals while gazing out the patio doors to the deck backing to the wooded area lending itself to a private momentary mental moment before dashing into your day. The marble kitchen floors, granite counter tops and the stainless steel appliances all new waiting for you. Gas cooking, for the foodie in you! Create your own spa moments in the marble bathrooms on the upper and lower level. The master bedroom has a walk-in closet. Moving on to the the lower level, Ah...the fireplace for cozy gatherings, entertaining or movie watching while tending laundry in the laundry room. The community is tucked away for your own get-a-way, staycation feel yet easy access to 495 and shopping along Pennsylvania Avenue, Route 4, with the Suitland Metro about a mile away. **** COVID GUIDELINES APPLY...ALL that enter must be masked and use provided foot covers at the door. No more than 4 people in the property at one time. IF>>>you have flu/cold like symptoms be considerate and do not enter the property. NOTE: Living Room, Dining Area, Master bedroom and Recreation Area are VIRTUALLY STAGED to show the possibilities ready for your creative design.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolSince the Mine Safety and Health Act (MSHA) of 1977, 242 miners have lost their lives in mine accidents. Presently, the United States is home to over 14,000 mines employing a total of over 360,000 hard-working individuals, a testament to improvements in mine safety. But, when accidents occur, such as a mine explosion in 2010 killing 29 miners, the results are catastrophic and the events are chronicled in the press forever.
S-E-A has revealed the cause of mine explosions and fires and has evaluated the emergency response procedures and equipment for these events. Our MSHA experts have also acted as consultants for mine hearing conservation programs, equipment failures, exposure assessments, and other mine related hazards. S-E-A's experts recognize that mines are not typical workplaces; mine-related accidents and injuries require a firm which understands the premises involved...
Green Calcite is a powerful stone that dissolves unneeded stress and calms any pent up energies that may have been brewing all day. Working with this stone will provide insight as to where you need to focus your emotions. It helps you to let go of what is familiar and comfortable but no longer serves your best interests. Green Calcite is a reminder for you to let your heart lead the way.
Chakra: Heart
Zodiac: Aries, Taurus, Cancer, Libra
Description
Listing is for one sea green palm stone as shown.Thrift stores aren’t the first thing you think of when you go out for your new school wardrobe, but in college it may be the only thing you can afford. Instead of dropping a couple hundred buck on a single outfit at Urban Outfitters, try going to a thrift store to buy an entirely new wardrobe.
Getting Schooled in the Art of the Thrift Store
What’s that? You wouldn’t be caught dead in a used pair of pants? Well, let me tell you something, no one cares. And I really mean that. Unless you dig through the bargain bin and find the cheapest and most outdated pair of bellbottoms in the pile, people aren’t going to call you out for that slightly faded pair of jeans. All they’ll notice is that you’re wearing something new, and possibly boho chic.
When you go to the thrift store, the main thing that you have to worry about is finding something that you like that actually fits you. You’ll often find clothes that are unspeakably perfect for you, in something three times your size. Have no fear, for the local tailor is here! Tailors can take things out or in, and make that summer dress look like it has always been your exact fit. Check for prices in your area and see if you can get the $200 pair of jeans for a total of just $20.
Thrift Store: A Lesson in Savings
So I had your interest, but now I have your curiosity. You’ll be needing to know what to expect when you walk into one. Many thrift stores have special days that carry deeper sales cuts throughout the week for certain items. This means you can walk into the thrift store, stake out what you need and then wait until the sale day for that item comes. However, this method also means risking out on losing out the item to someone else.
Another thing to keep in mind is that you don’t have to buy out the whole store just because it’s cheap. It’s easy to get carried away by the sales tags and cheap prices, but don’t let it suck you in. I find that taking a list with me helps prioritize my needs. It also helps to set an absolute budget. Only have $15 to spend? Only bring $15 with you. No credit cards, no checks, no Google Wallet. Just $15.
Thrift Store Graduation
Receiving is great, but giving is even better. When you’re done wearing and upcycling your old clothes, don’t just hoard them or stash them into storage. Give back to your favorite donation center! It doesn’t just have to be clothes. You can donate old kitchenware, furniture and electronics for families to use and enjoy.
Congratulations! You’ve graduated Thrift Store University. How does it feel to be able to smell a bargain from a mile away? Make sure to pass along your newfound knowledge to friends and family.
Do you have any more amazing tips for thrift store shopping? Let me know in the comments section!Reasons you may not be ready for a beauty session yet
Are you ready for a beauty session yet? This blog is going to be a dose of tough love, my friend. It’s something that’s been on my mind for a while now, and I’m starting to see it more and more. So let’s get straight down to it.
For a lot of women, the idea of doing a boudoir or beauty session is really exciting (and often a little nerve-wracking), because it’s so out of the ordinary for most of us.
You see other women’s photos and you’re in awe of how strong, beautiful, and powerful they look, and you think to yourself how fun it would be to have photos like that of yourself!
And you’re right—having photos of yourself as a lifetime reminder of when you took a bold and brave step outside your comfort zone is an awesome gift to give yourself.
BUT…are you ready for a beauty session yet?
It’s not often you hear a business owner openly telling potential clients that they possibly shouldn’t work with them.The thing is, I’m not a mechanic working on your car, or a plumber fixing your sink.
I’m a professional photographer who captures women in what’s often a very vulnerable state. A beauty session isn’t just about getting your hair and makeup done and wearing sexy outfits (or nothing at all). That’s simply what you see on the outside of a much deeper experience.
If you’ve never done a session before, you’ll just have to trust me when I say that, for most women, there’s a lot of internal stuff that goes on before, during, and after a shoot. I’ve seen it over and over with my clients, and I’ve even experienced it myself when I had a session of my own a couple years ago.
It’s not uncommon at all to feel a little self-conscious about different parts of our bodies. Just about every woman I shoot, no matter their body shape or size, has an area they’re not fully satisfied with. And that’s totally okay—this is where expert posing and wearing outfits that flatter your body come into play.
But, some of us carry heavy emotional baggage from a lifetime of negative body image or shaming. Sometimes the weight of it feels so overwhelming and leads to serious self-image issues.
That was my story for most of my life, and even today I still struggle at times with being at peace with my body. But, I’ve come to accept it through all the seasons of life and learned to appreciate what it’s done for me, and I’ve found contentment in that.
The truth is, if you don’t love yourself, you’re not going to love your photos.
Doing a session is a fantastic way to give yourself the little push you need to be reminded of your beauty. But, if you have a broken view of yourself, the photos won’t fix it. Only you can do that.
It’s totally okay if it’s just not the right time for you to do a session. It’s okay not to be ready yet.
I PROMISE that you’ll be so much happier with your photos and your overall experience if you take the time you need to work on loving yourself, both inside and out.
So, what about editing? (This gets asked a lot).
As a professional, I DO make sure that every photo has a finished and polished look, so I do skin smoothing during editing.
But, I’m not going to edit out what you look like or who you are. Leave that to magazines and Instagram accounts that show completely false images of women’s bodies. I’m not about that, and I never will be.
I’d rather turn away business than craft new bodies for my clients with Photoshop.
How do you know when you’re ready?
Really, only you can decide that for yourself.
Take an honest look at how you feel about yourself and your body. I’m definitely not saying you have to be 100% happy with it, but you need to be content with where you are, appreciating and being at peace with whatever season of life you’re in.
It’s also SO important to have realistic expectations.
Like I mentioned before, I absolutely do not use photo editing as a way to change my clients’ appearance. If you have wrinkles, I’m not going to erase them and make you look like a different person. If you have a small bust, I’m not going to give you Pamela Anderson cleavage.
You are who you are, and you look the way you look…your photos are supposed to be a celebration of that! If you’re not in a place right now where you’re ready to do that, please know that that’s okay, and you have my full blessing to wait. I’ll still be here when it’s your time.
ARE YOU READY? FILL OUT THE FORM TO GET STARTED.
One of the triumphs of digital photography is that it has become accessible to more people, across more and more devices. Cameras are no longer standalone devices; as the technology allows the camera to be smaller and smaller, it can be built in to other devices that you may have on you more often than a dedicated camera, such as a smartphone. Cameras in smartphones, and other devices like tablets for example, are producing images of an increasingly higher standard. Their low-light performance is improving, and manufacturers are constantly improving upon the dynamic range, autofocus, and lens quality.
Photographer Chase Jarvis said that, “The best camera is the one that’s with you” – so why not use your smartphone or tablet camera more often? There are restrictions on smartphone cameras over their DSLR or mirrorless camera brethren – their low light and AF performance still have quite a lot of catching up to do, the lenses cannot be changed, and you also have far less control over what settings (ISO, shutter speed, aperture) are used. But it is also these very restrictions that can help you improve your photography when you are using your DSLR, mirrorless, and even compact cameras.
Puddles, and other reflections, can make for interesting subjects.
So how can these restrictions help your photography? Simple, you have less to think about! You no longer have to worry if you have the correct settings dialled into get the exposure you want – you’re phone will work that out. You do have some say in the overall exposure; you can control how bright/dark the image turns out, but that’s it! Worried you don’t have the right lens for the photo you want? Too bad. With your phone you can’t change it, even if you wanted to. There’s another thing you don’t have to worry about.
You can’t control the camera settings. You can’t change your lens, and you generally have poor Autofocus (at least, poor continuous AF). So how can you take great photos with a smartphone? You need to think less about what you cannot control and more about what you can control. For example, no matter what camera you have, you can always control the composition. You can decide from which angle you take a photograph – will you take it down low, looking up or up high, looking down – and which direction you stand in relation to the light. Photographing toward the light can create stunning silhouettes, so looking for striking shapes will help here. You have full control over how close, or how far, from the subject you stand. You dictate what you include in the frame, and what you omit. All of these elements work to make images more interesting, and by removing the control over some of the more technical features as mentioned earlier, you now have more time to consider the compositional elements.
Controlling Focus and Exposure
Focussing and exposing on the candle has made the background go very dark. This works well to isolate the subject more.
Across most smartphones, touching the screen on the area you want in focus, will make the phone focus on that area. In addition, this is also where the phone will take its exposure reading. There are some camera apps available that will allow you to focus on one area and have the phone take its exposure reading elsewhere. You may also be able to increase or decrease the exposure of the image. How to do this will depend on the phone you are using, but for iPhone users, after tapping the screen to focus, sliding your finger up/down will alter the exposure compensation.
Another image taken with the sun behind the subject. This time, the light makes the bottle glow.
Creating Shallow Depth of Field
Despite many newer smartphones having fast apertures (the iPhone 6 and 6s use an f/2.2 lens), their tiny sensor sizes make getting that nice creamy background bokeh a little more challenging, than with other cameras. If you’re unaware, generally the larger the sensor, the easier it is to create stunning bokeh. However, if you have a little understanding of depth of field, then you can create images from your smartphone with a blurry background. You can achieve this by reducing the distance between your subject and the phone, and increasing the distance from your subject to the background.
Make Your Images Pop
Post-processing is another tool that we have in our arsenal as photographers to make an image more striking. Introduce that to your phone photos. There is a plethora of apps available that give you varying levels of control with the post-processing phase.
Some apps, like VSCO, have a vast range of filters that you can apply to images, and allow you to tweak areas, such as highlights and shadows, to get a different look. Other apps like Adobe’s Lightroom works much like the desktop variant, allowing to develop your images with a more natural touch. Photoshop and Photoshop fix (Note: it is called Photoshop Mix for Android) are both from Adobe and offer varied editing options that are fantastic at polishing up images in the final stages. Personally, I use Lightroom and Photoshop fix on my content now. However, in the past I used SnapSeed and found that to be great fun to use, too. It’s up to you which editing app you decide to employ, and how involved with it you become.
Looking for clean shapes to create a striking silhouette in an airport.
Other Tips to Consider
- Take a lot of photos: Sometimes things happen fast. Don’t be afraid of taking a lot of photos. The perfect shot isn’t going to come with every single click. The trick is to take more photos than what you really need, then pick the best one from the bunch. If you do this, then you will have more to choose from, and a higher chance of getting one that stands out.
- Learn how to see light and how it interacts with its environment: Light is the most important object in a photograph. It doesn’t matter what camera you’re using, how well you know how to use it, or how amazing your subject is; it all counts for nothing without light. You’ll often hear photographers talking about the Golden Hour, which is early in the morning and again in the evening when sun is lower, softer and the light is more directional.
- If you’re photographing with the sun behind you, know how that will make your subject look. Do you want to light up their entire face, for example? Or do you want to shoot from the side? If you move so the sun is behind the subject, then consider photographing them silhouetted. If the light source is behind the subject, the foreground will always be darker than the background. The way you position your subject – or wait until the light is right for your subject – is how you make an image more creative and stand out.
- Watch your background: Something that is often overlooked in an image is the background. A bad background can bring a great subject down. You need to think about your photo and what makes it interesting. If the subject you’re photographing is to be the only thing in the photo, then you should use a nice clean background, that isn’t going to draw away people’s attention from the main subject. However, backgrounds can also add to an image, and are great for environmental portraits.
I loved the peacefulness of the light here and the silhouette of the palm tree.
Here, I photographed toward the light and decided to include the flag on the right to add a little more interest.
Conclusion
Whilst there are many limitations to using the camera in your smartphone, or indeed a tablet, it can help teach you how to work around limitations, and still create striking images. Their quality is clearly not going to be as high as a dedicated camera’s quality will be, however, it’s still a lot of fun to be able to capture a great image on a device with such limitations.
Below are some more images that I have taken with my iPhone. Feel free to share some images you’ve taken on your smartphone or tablet in the comments below, as well as your favorite camera and processing apps.
I found the leaves of this plant to be quite striking. By photographing from a very low perspective, I was able to make my subject pop out more against a plain blue sky. The position of the sun also creates interest as the light kicks off edges.
The in-built panorama feature of my phone worked well to create this image.
Another image where the panorama mode worked quite well.
Don’t be afraid to look up! In this image, the floor above me was frosted glass and made for some interesting shapes.
Converting this image to black and white has given it an almost unearthly feel to it.
Photographed looking straight down. Simple images often work best not just with smartphones, but in photography in general.
The clean lines of these buildings create some interest.
Again, photographing down low I was able to show an every day scene from a different perspective.
The same principles used in this image will work very well on any camera. The road in this image creates a sense of depth.
The quality and direction of light help make this image. These are qualities you should always look for; no matter what camera you are using.
Table of contents
Smartphone Photography
- GENERAL
- How Using Your Smartphone Camera Can Help Improve Your Photography
- PREPARATION
- SETTINGS
- GEAR
- ADVANCED GUIDES
- POST-PROCESSING
- BUSINESS
- INSPIRATION
The man of the future does not try to escape the elements. He will rule them. His home is no more a timid retreat: The earth has become his home.
—R.M. Schindler, Manifesto (Vienna, 1912)
Following his return from Yosemite, inspired by the idyllic scenery and the simplicity of camp living, Schindler finalized the plans for his home. Schindler’s basic idea of shelter combined with his concept of space architecture is manifested in the design. The concrete walls were constructed by using the slab-tilt method. This method reinforces Schindler’s notion of the dwelling, wherein a light and open structure is built against a fortified wall.
The walls themselves were cast on top of the concrete slab using soft soap, craft paper, and burlap to prevent adhesion to the floor slab. Once they were cured, they were then tilted upright using a tripod with a block and tackle.
This proposal seeks to uncover this method of construction by re-contextualizing the mass of the walls, not as vertical structures supporting a building, but as a horizontal monument. The floor is the pedestal for this monument and is the last remaining artifact of the original form work.
Additionally, the new “wall” will be divided horizontally into equal volumetric pieces. As Schindler was restricted in the size of each wall piece—to keep the weight manageable for two men to lift with the tripod—this new “wall” must also be divided for transport and installation. In order to preserve the original floor, each portion of this mass will have a strip of burlap underneath it. The gaps left between the pieces articulate the original wall in a new way, by creating multiple senses of scale.
The twentieth century is the first to abandon construction as a source for architectural form through the introduction of reinforced concrete.
—R.M. Schindler, Manifesto
“A reinforced concrete floor is placed on the ground. Low wooden frames and reinforcing rods are placed on it. The concrete wall units are poured between them in a horizontal position and finished on the top surface. After the concrete has set they are tilted up by means of a tripod with a block and tackle, and easily handled by two men. Adhesion between wall and floor is prevented by a coating of soft soap on the floor before pouring the wall slabs.”
Vagabond Diva
Candye Kane is a right-on sister
by Gregg Shapiro
For more than 15 years, Candye Kane has been known as an out blues diva. But she “grew up listening to the records in my parents’ closet, which included Bobby Darin, Sinatra, and Judy Garland,” as well as the Oklahoma! and King and I soundtracks. As she proudly proclaims, “I have always been a show-tune queen, and it’s no secret.” That’s a good thing, considering that she recently performed her play The Toughest Girl Alive at the New York Fringe Festival. I spoke with Kane about the play, her new album Sister Vagabond (Delta Groove), and much more.
Gregg Shapiro: Candye, weren’t you recently in New York doing a play?
Candye Kane: I was in New York performing my stage play The Toughest Girl Alive in August. The play was a huge success in San Diego and sold out every night at the Moxie Theater, so we were honored to be part of the Fringe Festival. It was adapted and choreographed by the head of the San Diego Ballet, Javier Velasco, who also is a fan and a friend. Javier adapted the play from my memoir/book proposal and did a lovely job weaving my 23 original songs in between the stories.
It’s a play about triumph over adversity and about how my early life and personal choices shaped who I have become today. Robert Kirk plays all the male characters in my life (my father, Ron Jeremy, Sherman Halsey, Dwight Yoakum), and Bethany Slomka (the great niece of Marni Nixon) plays all the female characters in my life (my mother, my best friend, etc.). I play myself and narrate the show, and my entire band is onstage and in the show.
If you don’t mind, I’d like to ask you about the recent controversy surrounding the cancellation of your appearance at the Shelby Blues and BBQ Festival in Pelham, Alabama. In your own words, can you please briefly say something about the situation?
I was hired for the Shelby Blues and BBQ event and was then later informed by my agent at Piedmont Talent that a certain person on the Shelby Chamber of Commerce had decided I was not “family enough” for their event, based on a Google search she conducted. Specifically, she named the fact that I was gay and that I had been involved in sex work over 30 years ago. The contracts were still being sent back and forth through the mail, but I was confirmed for the event and there were already tickets being sold using my name on several different Alabama ticket websites. It’s a shame, because my show is so much about empowerment and is such an inspirational show that embraces and preaches tolerance and diversity. I think the people of Shelby really need to see and hear my super-hero message.
The prudishness seems hypocritical considering the often sexually suggestive nature of blues songs, don’t you think?
I agree. Blues is rich with sexual innuendo, and many of the older songs embraced and celebrated blatant sexuality [“I Want Some Sugar in My Bowl,” “Big Ten Inch Record,” “Shave ’Em Dry,” “That’s My Daddy with the Big Long Sliding Thing”], but this is not the first time I have been judged and marginalized by a festival or a venue because of my choices to be vocal about gay marriage, transgender issues, sex work issues, and prostitution issues. I pay a price sometimes for my candor, but I am also one of the only blues artists who can say with pride that I perform blues, jazz, hooker, and gay pride festivals simultaneously around the world.
As musical genres go, jazz and blues are two in which queer artists are making slow progress. Thanks to Patricia Barber, Lea DeLaria, Fred Hersch, and Gary Burton, to name a few, some barriers have been broken down in jazz. But in spite of out, living blues legends such as Gaye Adegbalola, as well as forebears such as Alberta Hunter and Lucille Bogan, there appears to be resistance in the blues world. How do you think that can be changed?
Although the blues world is typically a patriarchal sort of place where men with sunglasses sing songs about wine, whiskey, and women, the GLBT community is making strides. At the 2009 Blues Awards show in Memphis, there was a performance featuring openly gay Jason Ricci and Gaye Adegbolala singing a song about being out and proud.
There are more out gay artists in blues today than ever before in my recent memory—Earl Thomas, Ruthie Foster, Karen Lovely, Sue Palmer, Lisa Otey, Gaye and Jason are just a few. I am a bisexual, but I know there are many more artists who identify as GLBT in the blues community. It’s not just queers who are scary in the blues world. I have been marginalized because of my past as a sex worker and my vocality and sense of humor about sexuality.
The blues community wants desperately to be taken seriously, and I believe once they accept their shared history of oppression with the gay community that doors will open up for everyone. It’s the fear-based judgments that always cause these kinds of misunderstandings.
The original songs on your new album, Sister Vagabond, were co-written by you and Laura Chavez. How does that process work?
Every song has a different process. Some, like “Side Dish,” are songs that I imagine in their entirety with music and words together. I sing them to Laura or other musicians, and they act as a translator for my musical vision. Others, such as “Walking Talking Haunted House,” involve a musical idea Laura has, paired with a piece of my existing poetry. I edit and add as needed to create a song. Sometimes Laura gets a writing credit just for a certain section or change she has added to a song. I always choose to give someone a collaborative credit, even if they only come up with one line in the song. It’s the right and legal thing to do.
You close the Sister Vagabond album with the original “I Deserve Love,” a song that you sang at Annie Sprinkle and Beth Stevens’s “purple wedding.” How did that come about?
I wrote the song for myself after a heartbreaking relationship. It’s a classic example of how I use positive affirmations to empower myself and make myself feel stronger. When I sing “I Deserve Love,” I remind myself and state my own intention into the universe.
I already had the song written, but tweaked it a bit for Annie and Beth. Annie has been a long-time friend of mine, and I am so happy to see her find a partner who is so wonderful. They are just beautiful, and it was an honor to sing the song for them.
Have you heard about other same-sex couples incorporating the song into their ceremonies?
No, I haven’t yet. But of course I am always honored when people use my songs for their special events. I wrote a song called “It Should Be Rainin’,” on my CD Diva La Grande, which is used at a lot of funerals. It was originally written for my dear friend Robert Tiny Gibson, a gay drag queen performer who was brutally murdered in El Cajon, California, after a sex act in a park. He was a beautiful soul, and his death affected me deeply. I am so happy every time someone uses the song, as I feel it perpetuates his memory. I heard a straight couple just used my song “It Must Be Love,” from my White Trash Girl CD, in their wedding ceremony, and, again, any time anyone is inspired to use my songs for a special moment, I am thrilled.
Just a few years ago you experienced a serious health crisis, and since that time you beat cancer. Your fans want to know how your health is today.
I am in an ongoing struggle with neuroendocrine pancreatic cancer. I had the Whipple surgery in 2008 and mostly feel wonderful, but I continue to have bouts of pancreatitis and will likely be fighting this disease for the rest of my life. Luckily, I was just approved for pre-existing health insurance and will see a specialist at Cedars Sinai in September in Los Angeles. Many people, including Steve Jobs of Apple Computer fame, live a long time with neuroendocrine cancer. I am just lucky it’s not the fast-moving kind [adenocarcinoma], and I am grateful for every day I have on this planet when I feel well.
See Candye Kane in Houston on October 12 at 8 p.m. at The Continental Club, 3700 Main St. Advance tickets: 713/533-9525.
Gregg Shapiro is a regular contributor to OutSmart magazine.Each bobbin is between 30 and 40 yards yards | fingering weight
Details:
Description:
North Ave. bobbins are mini skeins for all your experimental, scrap-happy fiber undertakings!
Use it for:
Stripes, colorwork, pin loom squares, and visible mending are just a few possibilities.
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …More and more people suffer from lower back pain. Usually, this is a result stemming from the irritation of your sciatic nerve. But ...Read more 0
The Five Tibetan Rites, which is also called the “Fountain of Youth” is the practice that effectively stretches and strengthens all the major ...Read more 0
People often complain about the high costs of energy and the fact that they “never have time to work out.” This invention certainly ...Read more 0
Struggling to stay expansive? Having a hard time moving? Sleeping at odd times? Giving up becoming a viable option? Yep. I hear you, ...Read more 0
At least once in their life, every person will experience back pain. It usually happens as a result of the improper posture or ...Read more 0A poorly written book kept this 1952 Broadway musical from becoming a hit, but the music (by Ralph Blane) and performances (by Anne Jeffreys and John Raitt) are wonderful. So Capitol did produce a splendid cast album, now available on CD: I'll Sing You a Song; It Must Be Spring; Love Has Nothing to Do with Looks, and more!
1) Prologue
2) The Wake
3) The Girl That I Court in My Mind
4) My Home's a Highway
5) We're for Love
6) My Heart's Darlin'
7) Love Has Nothing to Do with Looks
8) Goin' on a Hayride
9) My Heart's Darlin' (Reprise)
10) I'll Sing You a Song
11) It Must Be Spring
12) Wedding March
13) The Army Mule Song
14) What Do I Know?
15) Love Has Nothing to Do with Looks (Reprise)
16) It's a Wishing World
17) Trottin' to the Fair
18) April Face
19) Kevin's Prayer
20) FinaleThe planners & organizers of the January 6 protest participated in dozens of meetings with several members of the US Congress and White House staff.
By SputnikNews
Capitol Riot Planners Had Multiple Meetings With US Lawmakers Ahead of January 6, Reports Say
- Winston’s Comment – Yikes!
The planners and organizers of the January 6 protest participated in dozens of meetings with several members of the US Congress and White House staff, Rolling Stone reported on Monday citing three unnamed sources.
Several planners of the January 6 protest in Washington have started to communicate with the US House Select Committee investigators and revealed that some members of Congress were involved in planning Trump’s efforts to protest the certification of the 2020 presidential election results from several US states and the January 6 event.
The sources said they participated in “dozens” of planning briefings ahead of the January 6 events, the report said.
“I remember Marjorie Taylor Greene specifically,” one of the sources said as quoted by the report. “I remember talking to probably close to a dozen other members at one point or another or their staffs.”
The sources said they interacted with the Trump administration, including former White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows, who they believe had a real opportunity to prevent any violence, the report said.
The sources said they also met with a number of other lawmakers, including Paul Gosar and Andy Biggs from Arizona, Lauren Boebert from Colorado, Mo Brooks from Alabama, Madison Cawthorn from North Carolina, and Louie Gohmert from Texas, the report added.
On January 6, a group of Trump supporters entered the US Capitol to protest the results of the 2020 presidential election that Trump said were fraudulent. The authorities have charged and arrested more than 600 people for participating in the event while Congress established a Select Committee to probe the events.
By SputnikNews3 Bedroom Cottage on a Wilderness Reserve in the Scottish Highlands, Scotland
- Internet Access
- Log Fire
- Cycling
- Fishing
- Golf nearby
- Walking
Eagle’s Crag, a beautiful newly-built cottage in an idyllic setting, is the pitch perfect hideaway for friends and family. Poised in the cradle of Glen Alladale and serenaded by the rush and tumble of the stream, this beautiful property and 4X4 safaris. It is also possible to order delicious home-cooked food if guests prefer this to self-catering. From this fabulous base camp guests are free to head out and enjoy a 1.5 hour drive north of Inverness. Alladale’s position at the narrowest part of Great Britain, and on the eastern side of the watershed, allows it to enjoy our own micro-climate; and above average sunny, clear and rain-free days.
Alladale is the perfect place to enjoy a wide range of activities, from traditional highland recreations to specialist photography and culinary breaks. You`d be hard pressed to find a more picturesque setting for outdoor activities like hiking, mountain biking (free of charge mountain bikes available), clay pigeon shooting, trout fishing and golfing on the nearby championship courses of Royal Dornoch. Or get to really know the reserve by taking a guided 4x4 safari or relax during a lovely massage or beauty treatment.
Whilst Alladale’s re-wilding project has been well publicised over the past decade, its different types of accommodation and dolphin watching.
The Alladale team works hard to ensure your stay is tailored to your needs. Visiting Alladale directly contributes to the conservation, wildlife and educational projects on and around the Reserve.
Getting There:
The reserve feels totally remote but Inverness is only an hour and 30 minutes away. There are regular flights to Inverness Airport from all major cities and a flight from London takes less than 2 hours. There are also trains from Edinburgh. The manager is happy to arrange your transfers to and from the airport; car hire is also available. If you`re driving, follow these directions: from Invern. In Ardgay, turn left onto the minor road by the Kyle of Sutherland Fisheries and after about a mile you will cross the River Carron, where you should follow the road to Croick Church. After a further 8 miles, turn left at the red telephone box and continue for 1.5 miles until you reach the cattle grid, then drive carefully for another 1.5 miles on the gravel track to the Alladale Lodge.
Nearest Airport:
Inverness
Nearest Train Station:
Ardgay via Inverness
Car Hire:
Optional
Interior Details
The cottage sleeps up to 8 people in two spacious double en-suite rooms and a very large family attic room that sleeps a maximum of 5 and comes with its own bathroom. The large living area features high-ceilings, exposed beams and deer antler chandeliers. The cottage is fully equipped with a handmade Scottish oak kitchen and the latest technology, from a 50`` flat screen TV and DVD player to an iPod dock. Scottish sandstone floors stay cool in summer and cosy in winter with underfloor heating and sheep's wool insulated walls. The cottage has a modest Wi-Fi signal that is sufficient for WhatsApp messaging and emails.
Exterior Details
Eagle`s Crag is situated in dramatic Glen Alladale and features panoramic windows on each side of the living area which provide incredible views of the valley and the ancient Caledonian forest. The extraordinary location of Eagle`s Crag feels very remote but is easily accessible, situated about 1 mile from Alladale Lodge.
Further Details
There are three types of accommodation on the reserve so if you are coming as part of a larger group, then bear in mind that you are welcome to book several accommodations to fit everyone. Alladale Lodge sleeps up to 14 in 7 bedrooms, Eagle's Crag sleeps up to 8 in 3 bedrooms and Ghillie's Rest sleeps up to 4 in 2 bedrooms. Together, they can accommodate up to 26 people in 12 bedrooms. In Summer, remote Deanich Lodge is also available to sleep up to 18 guests in 3 bunk rooms and 1 twin room.
Conditions of Rental
Minimum 3 night stay required. A 50% deposit is required at the time of booking and the outstanding balance is required 8 weeks prior to arrival date. Cancellation fees will apply. Weeks run from Sunday to Sunday.Rumours about the potential next generation of GPUs—namely Nvidia's GeForce RTX 4090 and AMD's Radeon RX 7900 XT—have already begun to surface across the web. Among them, known Twitter leaker Greymon55 now airs their predictions where core count, power draw, and clock speeds are concerned, giving us much hope for the future of so-called Lovelace and RDNA 3 architectures.
Let me add more:N31=GFX11=5nm+6nm TSMC=120WGP 15360SP≈256bit 32G GDDR6 18Gbps?≈256/512mb Infinity Cache?=3D Infinity Cache≈2.4~2.5GHz?≈75T FP32?November 9, 2021
Previously, leakers were spotted speculating over the RTX 40-series cards' architecture, process nodes, and even a projected launch date, the implication being that the project planning stage has already been finalised.
With the latest rumours (via WCCFTech), Greymon55 spouts a roundup of certainties and potential specs for these as-yet-unannounced cards. Nvidia's AD102—likely the top GPU for GeForce cards—will supposedly be packing 18,432 CUDA cores, with AMD's Navi 31 coming in at 15,360 stream processors. Against the previous generations, that's 7,936 cores up from the RTX 3090's count of 10,496 cores, and a whopping 10,240 uptick over the RX 6900 XT's 5,120 stream processors.
With a suspected 24GB of GDDR6X VRAM running at 21GB/s, as predicted, we might well see the RTX 4090 touting boost clock speeds in of 2.5GHz over its predecessor's 1.7GHz boost. The RX 7900 XT could also be throwing out 2.5GHz boosts, over the previous generation's 2.25GHz.
Best chair for gaming: the top gaming chairs around
Best gaming desk: the ultimate PC podiums
Best PC controller: sit back, relax, and get your game on
What's odd is seeing these projections even before many buyers have received their previous generation of GPU orders, having placed them over half a year prior. Sad times.
Still, if Greymon55's predictions are correct things are looking very good for the world of GPUs, in at least that the competition will stay heated between the green and red teams. Of course, with Intel Alchemist storming in soon these companies aren't going to leave anything to chance.To use all available functions on this website, JavaScript must be enabled in your browser.
View More
Products
Compact Laser Sensor
LR-X series
Catalogs
View Catalog
Data Sheet (PDF)
Manuals
CAD Data
360°view (3D PDF)
Dimensions
View Catalog
Model
LR-XN11C
Type
NPN Output/PNP Output (Selectable output)
Cable/Connector
M8 connector*1
Main Unit/Expansion Unit
Main Unit (expansion not possible)
No. of Control Outputs
2*2
No. of External Inputs
1*2
Response Time
500 µs*3/1 ms/3 ms/10 ms/200 ms Selectable
IO-Link
Specification v1.1/COM2 (38.4 kbps)
Functions
Timer Function
Timer OFF/Off-delay/On-delay/One-shot/On-Off delay/On-delay One-shot
I/O
Control Output
Open collector, 30 VDC or lower, N.O./N.C.100 mA or lower for 1 output; 100 mA or lower in total for 2 outputsResidual voltage NPN: 1.4 V or lower (output current: 10 mA or lower)/2 V or lower (output current: 10 to 100 mA), PNP: 1.6 V or lower (output current: 10 mA or lower)/2.2 V or lower (output current: 10 to 100 mA)
External Input
External Set/Laser OFF/Zero Shift/Hold Reset/Gyro Alert RST selectableShort circuit current - NPN: 1 mA or lower, PNP: 2 mA or lower*4 (including 10% ripple (P-P) or less), class 2
Power consumption
During normal operation: 1150 mW (47 mA or lower at 24 V, 64 mA or lower at 16 V), ECO ON/ALL: 985 mW (40 mA or lower at 24 V, 53 mA or lower at 16 V) (excluding Load Current)
Environmental resistance
Ambient temperature
−20 to +55°C -4°F to 131°F (no freezing)*5
Relative humidity
35 to 85% RH (no condensation)
Vibration resistance
10 to 500 Hz; Power Spectral Density: 0.816 G2/Hz; X, Y, and Z directions
Shock resistance
500 m/s2 (50G); 3 times each for X, Y, and Z axes
Case Material
Main Unit and Cover: Polycarbonate
Accessories
Instruction manual
Weight
Approx. 22 g
*1 Ensure the cable length is 30 m 98.4' or less for the M8 connector type. Ensure the cable length is 20 m 65.6' or less when connecting via IO-Link.*2 Output 2 and the external input are selectable.*3.· The interference prevention function is not supported*4 When expanding the system with 4 or more expansion units, use a power voltage of 20 V or higher.*5 Expansion by 1 or 2 units: −20 to +55°C -4°F to 131°F; Expansion by 3 to 10 units: -20 to +50°C -4°F to 122°F, Expansion by 11 to 16 units: -20 to +45°C -4°F to 113°F
Scroll
Other Models
Downloads:
For Your Support:Post New ABB Oracle Forms Reports Interview Questions
What is the release candidate in scrum?
What is the use of -l when listing a directory?
Please tell me details about Sox,Nox,SWAS analyser????
What types of filter in angular js?
How to Print in Delphi without using the TPrinter Unit ?
What are mutable and immutable types in c#?
How does session state work in asp.net?
Tell me what is google webmaster tools/google search console?
What is dunning procedure? How can it be configured?
What are the differences between stateless and stateful systems, and impacts of state on parallelism.
What are start-up parameters?
How do I compare two strings in word in java?
how do you calaculate the total steel quantity of an rcc building using thumb rule?
Explain Singleton design pattern in .net
Can any body tell me in real time how cookies testing is done. And please tell me the steps.And for cookies testing test cases is needed.El Camino’s accounting degree and certificate programs prepare you for entry-level work in accounting immediately after graduation. You can also choose to continue your education at another college or university. They’re accessible, affordable paths to a rewarding career.
Our Accounting Associate of Science (AS) degree typically takes two years, and the certificate program can be completed in less than a year. Accounting education at El Camino will challenge you to be your best. We’ll be here to help.
Start here to become an El Camino College student. Discover a community that believes in you and your power to succeed.
Certificates/Degrees Description: Many El Camino accounting students want to start their careers as soon as possible after graduation. Others wish to continue their education at a four-year college or university. We offer options perfect for either goal.
Prepare for entry-level work in accounting immediately after graduation or transfer to a four-year college or university.
This certificate will prepare you for entry-level work in accounting.
Opportunities/Outcomes Description: As an El Camino accounting graduate, you’ll be ready to start work immediately or pursue a bachelor’s degree at another school. We’ll help you build the knowledge and skills for any path you choose.
As an El Camino accounting student, you become part of a professional community. The knowledge and connections you develop here will prove valuable throughout your career.
Learn about course requirements and more for the Accounting AS and Accounting Certificate of Achievement in El Camino’s online catalog.
Find semester-by-semester plans that chart your path to an Accounting AS degree and an Accounting Certificate of Achievement on El Camino’s Guided Pathways.1/5
Projects → Architecture → East 8 Apartment
EAST 8 APARTMENT
Carrying the concept of "The Shiny Side of Cibubur", East8 apartment in Cibubur offers a fresh and green atmosphere. Complete internal facilities of jogging track, lounge, green roof, and swimming pool. The site plan designed to have the availability of parking facilities for private vehicles and access to public transportation such as commuter line and Transjakarta directly from the front of the apartment will support a free and comfortable lifestyle.
Location:
Cibubur
Client:
PT. Karya Cipta Agung Persada
Site Area:
1.7 Ha
Building Area:
5.1 Ha
Design Scope:
Apartment Design+91-9968407407
Endoscopic Ultrasonography
Endoscopic Ultrasonography
- Sampling of chest and abdominal nodes, adrenal gland
- Evaluation of dilated CBD without known cause
- Sampling of mass in pancreas or CBD
- Drainage of perirectal and peripancreatic collection
- Celiac plexus block for pain relief in patients with chronic pancreatitis
- Celiac plexus neurolysis for pain relief in patients with pancreatic cancer
- Stent placement in CBD or liver in case of failed.About The OB-Gyn & Incontinence Center in Arcadia, CA.
Dr Prema Kothandaraman
I did my Medical Education in India where I also treated thousands of women. After coming to the US, I completed an internship at Yale University, followed by a residency program in Obstetrics and Gynecology at Mount Sinai Medical Center, NYC. I went on to attain a fellowship in Urogynecology and Pelvic Health at Cleveland Clinic.
I am very passionate about my profession. I enjoy working with woman’s health and wellness in all aspects. Since I believe in caring for the person as a whole, I want to work with you to simplify the interactions between mind, body, and consciousness towards maximizing your health, quality of life and go Beyond Health as WOMAN HEALTH EXCELLENCE.
Given the sensitive nature of incontinence and prolapse, I offer you my listening, understanding, compassion, and discretion. I love your partnership in care. I always believe in giving multiple options for you to choose from and work with me.
I perform minimally invasive pelvic surgeries for most bladder and pelvic organ problems and reconstruction at the Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena. Thousands of patients regained their normal life and start enjoying. Primary care physicians greatly appreciate our services and refer their patients to us.
I love to expand my medical knowledge, by learning new technologies and their applications towards Woman’s health in a most scientific way. Exploring and learning more Holistic approaches to maintain and heal Woman’s health by natural/noninvasive methods.
Health is not just the absence of diseases, but living with powerfulness, positive emotions, high creativity, and bliss.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7063908328061898266.post8400360998987386281..comments2021-11-26T20:51:46.031+00:00Comments on Chris Townsend Outdoors: Seizing a Gap in the Wet WeatherChris Townsend, it was a good little trip. Thanks for the com...Yes, it was a good little trip. Thanks for the comments.<br /><br />Terry, that's the first time I've been caught like that by the rain. Usually the first drops wake me, either the noise on the flysheet or the water on my face.<br /><br />Mike, seeing how the cuben does for durability. Though I think I'll give it a rest until after midge season - the tent is a bit small for coping Chris Townsend story Chris. Pity about the cloud in the mo...Great story Chris. Pity about the cloud in the morning on the way out. The new tent looks like it's made of cheap wrapping paper! <br /><br />By the way, I was in the Wicklows, Ireland on Thursday 2nd and Friday 3rd June and had bonzer weather - skinny dipping in the infant River Liffey - probably illegal!<br />Dave PorterDave Porter playing with the cuben Ultra, Chris? :) Nice...Still playing with the cuben Ultra, Chris? :)<br />Nice wee trip.<br /><br />Mike fea Dundee.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7063908328061898266.post-11626013548441180122011-06-09T18:27:23.720+01:002011-06-09T18:27:23.720+01:00Nice one. Enjoyed that, Chris. I've been doing...Nice one. Enjoyed that, Chris. I've been doing the same of late - tying the doors back and falling asleep. Except in my case the rain didn't sneak up on meAnonymous the last few years May has been one of the be..!<br />Good that you managed a trip out though Chris.Paul written. TonyBeautifully written.<br />TonyAnonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7063908328061898266.post-5139787909862079402011-06-09T08:11:38.986+01:002011-06-09T08:11:38.986+01:00nice tale of a round trip, hills look verdantnice tale of a round trip, hills look verdantselfpoweredBackground:
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Website and Net2Air Net2Air;
“Net2Air Ltd” means Net2Air Ltd of 7 Salisbury Road, Southsea Hampshire PO4 9QX;
“UK and EU Cookie Law” means the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
“User” means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by Net2Air Ltd and acting in the course of their employment; and
“Website” means the website that you are currently using () and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
- Scope of this Policy
This Policy applies only to the actions of Net2Air
3.13 site address for wireless internet installations
- Our Use of Data
4.1 Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Net2Air Ltd for the duration of any contract between the parties. Net2Air Net2Air. Net2Air Net2Air Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Net2 you are contacted however Net2Air Ltd (where such data is held) on payment of a small fee which will not exceed £10.00.
- Security
Data security is of great importance to Net2Air Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
- Cookies
12.1 This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Net2Air Ltd uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products and services. Net2Air prompt requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Net2Air
Net2.Liquidity Management
Automating Banking Processes for Afton
Virtual Branch Digitizes Payments for Chemical Manufacturer in India
About
Headquartered in the U.S., with operations around the world, Afton Chemical Corporation develops and manufactures petroleum additives including driveline, engine oils, fuels, industrials and metalworking additives. Afton is a subsidiary of NewMarket Corporation, a firm concentrating in specialty chemicals.
The Challenge
Afton significantly expanded its presence in India in recent years, in tandem with the rapidly developing economy. The firm’s primary focus in India is marketing and distributing petroleum and lubricant additive products, with operations in Mumbai and Hyderabad.
As Afton deals with large amounts of imports into India, it faces substantial challenges in managing cross-border and tax payments due to the country’s highly regulated environment. They include:
- Manual collation and submission of supporting documents across both locations to banks before cut-off times
- Lengthy processing times and lack of visibility into transaction status
- Maintaining a single point of visibility and control for transaction flows
Afton was looking for an automated solution that would allow it to manage the huge volume of documentation across its two locations in a better way, and reduce reliance on highly manual processes.
The J.P. Morgan Solution
J.P. Morgan introduced Afton to the Virtual Branch solution. It is a platform that allows the firm to manage cross-border and tax payments digitally. It fully integrates with its existing banking platform. The solution enabled Afton to:
- Upload and submit all supporting documents for cross-border and tax payments directly via the Virtual Branch portal
- Track and trace documents submitted for payments using unique reference numbers
- View detailed audit trails of each transaction in real time
- Track payment (MT103) messages sent to the beneficiary bank
- Share statutory payment details via a structured input screen
- Download acknowledgement receipts directly from the portal as soon as payments are processed
The Virtual Branch is accessible via J.P. Morgan Access®, which means Afton employees can leverage existing user IDs, passwords and tokens to log on to the platform. The firm can also create different user-level entitlements based on specific user needs.
K.S. Chandrashekar, Finance Director Afton Chemical India Private Limited
The Result
The Virtual Branch has allowed Afton to automate cross-border and tax payments while also improving operational efficiencies through:
- The reduced need to manually collate and share paper documents across both locations
- Improved processing and turnaround times by eliminating the need for staff to visit physical bank branches for document submission
- Enhanced visibility of workflows and transaction status to allow quicker resolution when discrepancies arise.Seven.
HENC chairman M. Natalie Achong, MD, Society of New Jersey (MSNJ) and the state’s physician-led health information exchange, OneHealth New Jersey, are excited to participate in this new initiative,” said Larry Downs, Esq., and MSNJ CEO. “By working together to address universal healthcare issues such as healthcare disparities and population health, we can broaden our impact across the country.”
Laura McCrary, Ed.D, Senior Vice President of KAMMCO added, “Health information exchange data is an enormously valuable, rich set of clinical data aggregated across all exchange participating healthcare providers within a region, state or nation. This data provides key insights into healthcare patterns and utilization previously not available from static, outdated or geographically limited clinical data sets.”
HENC has tapped leading physicians with expertise in health disparities to include:
Soumen Samaddar, MD, representing the Medical Society of New Jersey. Dr. Samaddar is the Medical Director of Hunterdon Family & Sports Medicine at Hopewell Valley in Pennington, N.J., and is affiliated with Hunterdon Medical Center.
Chair: M. Natalie Achong, MD, MHL, FACOG, representing the Connecticut State Medical Society. Dr. Achong is board certified in Obstetrician and Gynecologist and has practiced medicine for over 15 years. She treats a diverse population of patients and families in Connecticut.
Amin Yehya, MD, representing the Medical Association of Georgia. Dr. Yehya is an Advanced Heart Failure and Heart Transplant Cardiologist, Clinical Researcher, and Educator at Piedmont Heart Institute, Athens, Ga.
Tracie Collins, MD, MPH, MHCDS, representing the Kansas Medical Society. Dr. Collins is board certified in General Internal Medicine and Vascular Medicine, practicing at the Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center in Wichita, Kan., and serves as Chair of Preventive Medicine and Public Health, University of Kansas School of Medicine-Wichita.
Donnie Batie, MD, ABFM, representing the Louisiana State Medical Society. Dr. Batie is board certified in Family Practice and Geriatrics and serves as the Medical Director of the Skilled Nursing Facility for General Health System and Bethesda Rehabilitation Hospital, Baton Rouge, La.
Kirsten Dunn, MD, FACP, representing the Missouri State Medical Association. Dr. Dunn is board certified in Internal Medicine and practices at Mercy Virtual in St. Louis, Mo.
Gerald Wilson, MD, representing the South Carolina Medical Association. Dr. Wilson, a retired general and peripheral vascular surgeon, serves as a clinical instructor in the University of South Carolina School of Medicine’s Department of Surgery, Columbia, S.C.
Download this article
About Medical Society of New Jersey.
About OneHealth New Jersey
OneHealth New Jersey, is a physician-led statewide health information exchange (HIE). OneHealth New Jersey, delivered in partnership with the Medical Society of New Jersey (MSNJ) and KAMMCO, offers a suite of health information technology tools that will allow connected physicians to share patient information while employing powerful analytic reports designed to help improve clinical outcomes, reduce inefficiencies, and positively impact patient safety. analytics products and services in partnership with medical societies in six states beyond Kansas, including Georgia, South Carolina, Connecticut, New Jersey, Missouri, and Louisiana. For more information visit.
Health Equity for Change Network contact:
Catherine Wagner, Ed.D
Health Equity for Change Network Facilitator
203-865-0587
cwagner@csms.orgOverwhelmed with Joy is hostessing a fun, new book exchange...and encouraging all of us bibliophiles to join her in doing the same.
Visit her to see her blog for her give-aways and see what others are giving away.
Here's what I'm giving away:
First the original rules by Overwhelmed with Joy, then a bit about the book:
Most all of us love to read and get “new-to-us” books, right? And if
you’re anything like me, you love winning things (what a rush), not to
mention getting fun stuff in the mail! So here’s what I'm proposing: me know so I can publish a post on my blog plugging your giveaway and directing my readers your way!
So there you have it, my Pay It Forward Book Exchange idea, designed to encourage people to read, to share good books, to possibly get you out of your reading comfort zone, and to get fun stuff in the mail instead of just bills!
I'm changing the rules just a bit, because I'm probably going to give away one book a week for a bit while I cull our library for our upcoming move.
Sign-ups for this book will be open through Saturday, July21, 2007 at midnight PST.
I'll draw and announce the winner sometime on Sunday, July 22, 2007.
Now about the book I'm giving away this week:
(excerpted from the back cover)
Abby Miller's life is picture perfect. Abby runs a successful quilt shop and is engagd to a wonderful Amish man. But then duty calls. When she leaves her beloved shop and patient fiance' to attend to her mother in need, a double tragedy strikes, shattering Abby's world in one fell swoop.
With a shaken faith, Abby reaches beyond herself and finds friendship where she least expects it. Can her faith, tried by fire, withstand the flames? Will she have the courage to love again?
Next week, I'm giving away this book:
To be entered to win, you must sign into Mr. Linky (be sure the URL is correct, if I can't reach you through the link, you're not entered).
Please enter me in your drawing! I linked you in my most recent "Pay It Forward" post. :)
Posted by: Overwhelmed! | July 15, 2007 at 10:44 PM
I've been wanting to try one of Wanda's books. Thank you!
Posted by: Barbara H. | July 16, 2007 at 06:05 PM
count me in please I LOVE reading
Posted by: jen | July 16, 2007 at 09:24 PM
I'm in!! And I put a linky up for you on my site.
Posted by: Joyful Days | July 17, 2007 at 11:22 AM
Sounds like a great book!
Posted by: Janne | July 21, 2007 at 09:04 PM/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/69433348/1212025789.jpg.0.jpg)
The 2021 Yankees have displayed some frustrating traits in the eyes of many members of the media and fans alike who have watched their slow start to the season. After finishing in the top two of the American League in runs every year since 2017, the team has stumbled out of the gate and currently rank near the bottom of the league in offensive production. The team’s roster construction and style of play have come under attack from all angles.
However, a look at the players who the Yankees have recently brought into the system seems to indicate that the team is very aware of these flaws and has been taking steps to address them down the road.
The complaints are not new in 2021; rather, they just have more of a willing audience this season with the team battling over third-place rather than first. It’s a familiar refrain — they strike out too much, they’re too right-handed in both hitting and pitching, and they do not steal enough bases to manufacture runs when they are hard to come by.
The list of left-handed bats who have graced the Yankees’ lineups is a who’s-who of pinstriped heroes; Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Yogi Berra, Reggie Jackson, and Don Mattingly represent only a smattering of the elite. Those players have often been complimented with outstanding switch-hitters as well, such Mickey Mantle, Bernie Williams, and Jorge Posada, among others. With the iconic short porch in right-field sitting just 314 feet away, it has come as a surprise that in recent years, the team has often found itself lacking lefties in the lineup.
In the last two amateur drafts, though, the Yankees drafted left-handed hitters in Austin Wells, Trevor Hauver, and Jake Sanford all before the end of the third round. In addition, they also drafted switch-hitter Josh Smith in the second round of the 2019 draft.
The evidence is showing up with the Low-A Tampa Tarpon team, which is the highest-scoring team in all of minor league baseball. On a regular basis, over half of the lineup is made up of left-handed hitters with Wells, Sanford and Hauver being joined by Elijah Dunham and Chad Bell. The organization has put a recent focus on bring in lefty hitters. The switch-hitting Smith was with them just recently too until his promotion to High-A.
Congrats to Trevor Hauver who was named Southeast League Player of the Week (for the week of May 4th-9th) During that week, Hauver batted .556 (10-for-18) w/ 2B, 6HR, 13RBI, 7BB and 9R in five games. pic.twitter.com/unLLP06PBH— Tampa Tarpons (@TampaTarpons) May 14, 2021
On the pitching side, the Yankees’ system has been known for hard-throwing right-handed pitchers for several years now. Names like Deivi García, Clarke Schmidt, Luis Gil, and Luis Medina have dominated the Yankees prospect rankings with numerous other righties in the mix as well. Just like Yankee Stadium was built for left-handed power, it has also been friendly to left-handed pitchers over the year as it was the home to legends such as Whitey Ford, Ron Guidry, Andy Pettitte, and CC Sabathia.
The Yankees seemingly made a concerted effort to bring some balance to the arms in their future rotations during the 2019 draft. The club selected three left-handed pitchers inside of the first five-rounds of the draft, including using the 38th overall pick on T.J. Sikkema. Behind the University of Missouri standout they also selected Jake Agnos and Ken Waldichuk early in the draft.
While Sikkema and Agnos have been sidelined to start the 2021 campaign, Waldichuk has been the best Yankees prospect so far this season. Through 24.2 innings, he has yet to yield a run while striking out 45 batters. Adding left-handed pitching was clearly a focus of the 2019 draft.
Your @Gap Player of the Game is @Ken_Waldichuk— HV Renegades (@HVRenegades) May 29, 2021
The Gap Inc. Distribution Center in Fishkill is hiring. Visit our website at to apply! pic.twitter.com/rUrPrFBiI6
Another consistent criticism of recent Yankees teams is that they strikeout too much. Built around the power of Aaron Judge, Giancarlo Stanton, and Gary Sanchez the club has been willing to trade strikeouts for game-changing home runs.
Going back to the recent drafts and international signings, the Yankees have focused their highest picks and biggest bonuses on players known more for their hit tool than massive raw power. Recent high-draft picks Smith and Wells both struck out 15 percent of the time or less while playing in some of the most competitive conferences in college baseball. Hauver another high pick had more walks than K’s when his final season at Arizona State was cut short due to the pandemic.
In addition, the Yankees used their first-round pick in 2019 on high-school shortstop Anthony Volpe, who was not projected to hit for much power in any scouting reports. A few days before the Yankees drafted Volpe and Smith, the team saw highly-touted Cuban shortstop Alexander Vargas make his debut for the organization in the Dominican Summer League. Vargas received the team’s largest international free agent signing bonus in 2018 while weighing in at just 145 pounds and being known for his high contact rate and defensive ability. He backed that up by striking out just 12.9 percent of the time in 2019.
After a short stint in the Dominican Summer League, SS Alexander Vargas hit his first home run in America yesterday. The 17-year-old switch-hitter has been productive out of the leadoff spot for the GCL Yankees East. Vargas is a native of Cuba and signed with the Yankees in 2018. pic.twitter.com/nxoVWXVGHq— NYYPlayerDev (@NYYPlayerDev) July 17, 2019
While relying on their power, the Yankees have not built a team that is going to push the issue on the bath paths. Through 61 games, the team has attempted just 18 stolen bases, the fewest in the AL.
Near the end of the 2019 minor league season the Yankees hired Matt Talarico to revamp their minor league baserunning program. Coming from Wright State University, Talarico’s baserunning techniques had helped the program consistently finish near the top of Division I baseball in stolen bases.
Slowed by the pandemic, the program so far has focused on the youngest members of the system, with a grassroots mentality. Already this season, the Yankees have seen top infield prospect Oswald Peraza swipe 15 bases to lead the High-A Northeast league before his recent promotion to Double-A. Volpe is another player who has taken to the system early on, as he has stolen 14 bases in just 28 games played.
The Yankees’ struggles through the first two months of the year have opened the organization to criticism about how they have built their roster. Fortunately, it appears that the Yankees were already on their way to addressing some of these issues internally. The worst you can say is that they misjudged the timeline for getting that help to the major league roster, but help will be on the way in the next couple years.Liquorice
Liquorice - General Information
A methyl xanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Liquorice inhibits the 3&
Pharmacology of Liquorice
Liquorice, an xanthine derivative chemically similar to caffeine and theobromine, is used to treat asthma and bronchospasm. Liquorice has two distinct actions in the airways of patients with reversible (asthmatic) obstruction; smooth muscle relaxation (i.e., bronchodilation) and suppression of the response of the airways to stimuli (i.e., non-bronchodilator prophylactic effects).
Liquorice.
Liquorice.
Liquorice Liquorice
Liquorice Indication: For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
Mechanism Of Action: Liquorice relaxes the smooth muscle of the bronchial airways and pulmonary blood vessels and reduces airway responsiveness to histamine, methacholine, adenosine, and allergen. Liquorice competitively inhibits type III and type IV phosphodiesterase (PDE), the enzyme responsible for breaking down cyclic AMP in smooth muscle cells, possibly resulting in bronchodilation. Liquorice Liquorice: Archivist Collection series containing malts of 15 to 18 years old bottled at 46% ABV. The flavor profile is similar to a Dalmore release.
Nose: aromas of drank and dried fruit, barley and a hint of peat
Palate: dark fruit and a powerful sherry influence with notes of raisins, fresh pastry, heather and some peat
Finish: long and elegant with a hint of peatWith Image Upscaler it is possible to make low resolution pictures high resolution online with size up to 5 Mb. Change it to Bicubic Smoother best for enlargement.
Pin On Photoshop Tutorial
Wait for a few seconds and download a result.
How to make low resolution to high resolution image in photoshop. It works with the most popular photo formats like jpg jpeg and png. Where it says Resample Image you can change the type of anti-aliasing used to enlarge and smooth the image. In Photoshop you can see the relationship between image size and resolution in the Image Size dialog box choose Image Image Size.
Next go to Filter select Noise from the dropdown and click on the Reduce Noise. After adding photo click the Image menu and then click on the Select Image Size option. Choose Image Image Size.
Photoshop will automatically change the Document Size to match. Choose Image Image Size. The new file size for the image appears at the top of the Image Size dialog box with the old file size in parentheses.
This will automatically lock the current ratio of Width and Height. By default Photoshop uses Bicubic. Open your file in Adobe Photoshop.
For increasing image resolution and quality firstly open your low resolution image in Photoshop. Under Dimensions enter values for Width and Height. Photoshop CC2018 has the feature built-in.
Click the File button in the Photoshop and open the photo which you want to make high resolution or drag drop photo directly. Navigate to Image Image Size. Deselect Resample Image because you dont want to change the amount of image data in your photo.
If you are looking for a way that does not damage the image after magnification and does not significantly increase its quality the Photoshop High Pass filter is for this. Open your low resolution image with Adobe Photoshop. Photoshop Artificial Intelligence Low-Resolution To High-Resolution The first process is pretty simple if you are using an option called Preserve Detail 20.
Photoshop CC 2018 tutorial showing how to convert low-resolution black and white graphics into high-resolution as well as upscaling small photosNOTE. In the image pull-down select modeconvert to profile convert the destination space working profile from RGB to generic CMYK profile if the figure has color or generic gray profile if it is black and white then click OK. To adjust Resolution add new values.
In the menu Image select the Image size. How to quickly make low resolution photos look better in Photoshop. Then change width height or resolution.
If you already have Adobe Photoshop on your PC you can use it to convert low resolution image to high resolution in just a few steps. As you change one value the other two values change accordingly. How to quickly make low resolution photos look better in Photoshop.
Then press UPSCALE IMAGE. This free tree brush set includes 9 high resolution photoshop brushes. After converting with Image Upscaler.
Open your image in Photoshop. Turn on the Resample Image check box and set the resolution to 300 pixels per inch. Depixelate Low Res Images to High Resolution using.
Next make sure the Resample box is checked refer to the image below. To adjust Document Size add new values under Height and Width. Go to Image from the top-bar and select Image Size for increasing resolution.
Convert low resolution image to high resolution in Photoshop Step 2. Original image before converting. Using Photoshop CC all you have to do is click on Image then select Image Size.
To maintain the current ratio of Width to Height be sure the chain icon linking these properties is activated. Because this will make the details of the photo more visible than before. Get Free High Resolution Photoshop to follow some steps we are sharing for you.
In the image pull-down menu select image size to confirm the resolution is 300 dpi. Press Shift-Ctrl-I to open the Image Size dialog box. By increasing the resolution the quality of the images can be increased.
It will increase your image size. Here you will get a pop-up box tick on the check box of Constrain Proportions change image resolution from 72 to 300 pixels and click on OK. Once the pop-up window appears input the new dimensions for your image.
Low To High Quality Resolution Photo Image In Adobe Photoshop Youtube Basic Photoshop Tutorials Photoshop Tutorial Photoshop Youtube
How To Improve Low Resolution Image To High Resolution In Corel Draw 2019 Photoshop Images Photoshop Tutorial Fortnite Images
How To Resize Low Resolution Image To High Resolution In Photoshop Cc How To Make Image Photoshop Image
Make Low Resolution Photos High Resolution In Photoshop Adobe Photoshop Photography Photo Fix Photoshop Photography
How To Make A Photo Hd Photoshop Cc Tutorial Youtube Photoshop Photo Photoshop Cs6
Make Low Resolution Photos High Resolution In Photoshop Youtube Photoshop Lessons Photoshop High Resolution Photos
Low To High Quality Resolution Photo Image In Adobe Photoshop Photo Editing Photoshop Photoshop Lightroom Tutorial Photoshop Photography
Convert Low Res Graphic To High Res In Photoshop Youtube Photoshop Tutorial Photoshop Photoshop Tutorial Graphics
Tutorial How To Make Low Resolution Picture To High Resolution Picture Using Adobe Photoshop High Resolution Picture Photoshop Photo Editing
Make Low Resolution Photos High Resolution In Photoshop Youtube Photoshop Video Photo Album Scrapbooking Photoshop
How To Make Low Resolution Pictures Better Quality On Photoshop Super Easy Fast Graphics Design Ideas Photoshop Image
3 Steps To Convert Any Low Resolution Vector Into High Resolution In Pho Vector Converter High Resolution
Make Low Resolution Photos High Resolution In Photoshop Photoshop How To Improve Low Resolution Photos In Photoshop Convert Photo High Resolution Photoshop
Belligerent Good Photoshop Actions Smoke Photoshop For Beginners Photo Editing Photoshop Art Very Coo Photoshop Tutorial Photoshop For Photographers Photoshop
Low To High Quality Photoshop Action Photoshop Actions Skin Photoshop Photoshop Actions
How To Depixelate Images And Convert Into High Quality Photo In Photoshop Youtube Photoshop For Photographers Photoshop Techniques Photoshop
Make Low Resolution Images High Resolution Images In Photoshop Super F Photoshop Photography Photoshop Tutorial Photoshop Tips
WHO IS SASHA ROSE?
Sasha Rose (Юлия Усова) is a Russian p*rnographic actress. She was born on June 21, 1990 in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
SASHA ROSE: QUICK FACTS
, Katja, Lika, Nova, Sacha Rose, Sasha, Yanka
- Date Of Birth— June 21, 1990
- Birth Place— Saint Petersburg, Russia
- Profession— P*rnographic Actress
- Nationality— Russian
- Ethnicity— Caucasian
- Zodiac Sign— Gemini
- Sexuality— Bisexual
- Years Active— 2008 – Present
Physical Statistics —
- Height— 5 Feet 2 Inches (.57 m)
- Weight— 52 Kg (114 lbs)
- Body Measurements— 34A-24-34
- Chest— Natural
- Hair Color— Brown
- Eyes Color— Green
- Body Build— Slim
SASHA ROSE BIOGRAPHY:
Sasha Rose was born on June 1990 in the city of Saint Petersburg, in the Leningrad Oblast, Russia. She began her career in p*rnographic entertainment industry in 2008, when she was only 18 years old.
Sasha received three nominations at the AVN Awards in 2011. Some of Sasha’s major films in her filmography are A Big Addiction, Fresh Teenage P*ssy 4, Russian Angels 2, Double Your Pleasure and DP Maniacs.
RELATED ARTICLES :
- Kim Kardashian West [All You Need To Know]
- Shocking Truths About “The Dirtiest Girl” in The World Sasha Grey
- Top Most Pornstar Mischa Brooks : Biography, Wiki, Career And Hot Pics
- Hottest Pornstar Nicole Aniston : Age, Wiki, Bio, Career, Photos And Interview Talks
- Adriana Chechik : Interview, Wiki, Bio, Career, Awards And Hot Pics
- Sizzling Pornstar Alektra Blue : All You Must Know
- Youngest Teen Pornstar Autumn Falls : Age, Bio, Wiki, Photos And InterviewsElopement Wedding Videos
To serve couples who have been affected by COVID-19, we are offering elopement coverage starting at $500.
If low-key and intimate is your style, or if you’re simply needing to comply with COVID-19 guidelines, then consider an elopement wedding video by Reel Special. We offer customized elopement wedding video packages because we understand that each elopement is unique, and our goal is to make sure you can relive the most special day of your lives with a wedding video keepsake that you will treasure forever.
Complete the inquiry form below to get!
Amazing!! I was one of those brides that said I could do without the videographers, I have definitely changed my opinion. The video is amazing, and we love watching it over and over. I would highly recommend Reel Special Productions!!!- Executive Office of Health and Human Services
- Massachusetts Commission for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing
Media Contact for Dr. Opeoluwa Sotonwa appointed Commissioner for the Massachusetts Commission for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing
Colleen Arons, Executive Office of Health and Human Services
— This announcement can also be viewed in American Sign Language (ASL) here.
BOSTON - Today, the Baker-Polito Administration announced the appointment of Dr. Opeoluwa Sotonwa as Commissioner for the Massachusetts Commission for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing (MCDHH), effective March 1, 2021. Dr. Sotonwa brings over 20 years’ experience as a lawyer, advocate, and accomplished public official who has improved access, accommodations, and quality of life for individuals who are Deaf, Late Deafened, Hard of Hearing and Deafblind. He is fluent in English, American Sign Language (ASL), Nigerian Sign Language, and Yoruba (Nigerian).
Most recently, Dr. Sotonwa has served as Executive Director for the Missouri Commission for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing. Earlier in his career, he was the information and advocacy programs coordinator at the Kentucky Commission on the Deaf and Hard of Hearing. Dr. Sotonwa’s work on the national level includes the National Black Deaf Advocates where he was vice president and then a member of the board, and he currently serves on the board with Telecommunication for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing, Inc (TDI).
“Since embarking on a search for MCDHH’s new Commissioner in the fall of 2020, we have focused on hiring a leader who is grounded in the issues important to the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community, who understands the diverse needs of the community and promotes a culture of inclusion. Dr. Sotonwa is the right person at this time to lead the Commission,” said Health and Human Services Secretary Marylou Sudders. “He is an accomplished leader who will connect positively with staff, constituents, and the broader community. I am grateful to Acting Commissioner Ford for providing the interim leadership and will ensure a smooth transition. I deeply appreciate the engagement, advice, and support from the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community. I look forward to welcoming Dr. Sotonwa to this position during the celebration of the agency’s 35th commemoration.”
During his six and a half year tenure as Executive Director of the Missouri Commission for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing, Dr. Sotonwa played a leading role in the drafting and passage of over twenty legislative acts, including: hearing aid distribution programs for low-income Missourians, establishment of a statewide support service program for Missourians who are Deafblind, expanded opportunities for Deaf Missourians to obtain a commercial driver’s license, and overhauling the state’s Interpreters Certification System.
"In my conversations with Governor Baker and Secretary Sudders, I was impressed by their altruistic vision for, and investment in, the Commonwealth’s Deaf and Hard of Hearing community. It was a no-brainer for me to accept the offer to lead MCDHH into the future,” said Dr. Sotonwa. “For all my adult life, I have been a consummate deaf advocate working to improve access, accommodations, and the quality of life for all Deaf, Deafblind and Hard of Hearing people. Being a lawyer, policy maker, and activist has served my community and me well. It has been my privilege to work collaboratively with many organizations that share my thirst for access and inclusion. I look forward to returning to Massachusetts and working with the MCDHH staff and the vibrant Deaf and Hard of Hearing community in the Bay State."
Dr. Sotonwa earned an LL.M. Degree (Master of Laws) from Howard University School of Law in Washington, D.C. He earned an LP.D. Degree (Doctor of Law and Policy) from Northeastern University, where he conducted a doctoral research entitled “The Lived Experiences of Deaf Suspects during Police Interrogations: An Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis.”
He earned a Bachelor of Law (Juris Doctor equivalent) at University of Ilorin in Nigeria and was called to Nigerian Bar as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. After earning his law degree, Dr. Sotonwa played an instrumental role in the drafting and passage of the Nigeria’s disability rights law.
Phonetic pronunciation of Dr. Opeoluwa Sotonwa: “Or-Peh-Oh-Loo-Wah Show-Turn-Wah”
###Featured Shows
MSNBC TV
More
Follow msnbc
More Brands
More Shows
Politico Playbook: "Republican donors and operatives are chattering about Bush's publicity-shy wife, so worried she isn't on board with a 2016 White House run that they're urging people in the family's orbit to make the case," writes Politico's Katie Glueck. Mike Allen discusses.April 17, 2014The Maxwell equations as a Bäcklund transformation
Main Article Content
Abstract
Bäcklund transformations (BTs) are a useful tool for integrating nonlinear partial differential equations (PDEs). However, the significance of BTs in linear problems should not be ignored. In fact, an important linear system of PDEs in Physics, namely, the Maxwell equations of Electromagnetism, may be viewed as a BT relating the wave equations for the electric and the magnetic field, these equations representing integrability conditions for solution of the Maxwell system. We examine the BT property of this system in detail, both for the vacuum case and for the case of a linear conducting. J. Papachristou, Symmetry and integrability of classical field equations,.
C. J. Papachristou, Potential symmetries for self-dual gauge fields, Phys. Lett. A 145 (1990) 250.
C. J. Papachristou, Recursion operator and current algebras for the potential SL(N,C) self-dual Yang-Mills equation, Phys. Lett. A 154 (1991) 29.
C. J. Papachristou, Lax pair, hidden symmetries, and infinite sequences of conserved currents for self-dual Yang-Mills fields, J. Phys. A 24 (1991) L 1051.
C. J. Papachristou, Symmetry, conserved charges, and Lax representations of nonlinear field equations: A unified approach, Electron. J. Theor. Phys. 7, No. 23 (2010) 1.
C. J. Papachristou, B. K. Harrison, Backlund-transformation-related recursion operators: Application to the self-dual Yang-Mills equation, J. Nonlin. Math. Phys., Vol. 17, No. 1 (2010) 35.
C. J. Papachristou, Symmetry and integrability of a reduced, 3-dimensional self-dual gauge field model, Electron. J. Theor. Phys. 9, No. 26 (2012) 119.
D. J. Griffiths, Introduction to Electrodynamics, 3rd Edition (Prentice-Hall, 1999).
E. C. Zachmanoglou, D. W. Thoe, Introduction to Partial Differential Equations with Applications (Dover, 1986).“cybersecurity and cyberwar: what everyone needs to know.”?
Table of contents ☰
- Where is cyber security used?
- What skills are necessary for cyber security?
- What is Cyber Security beginner?
- What is cyberwar and cybercrime?
- What is difference between cybercrime and cyber terrorism?
- What is the difference between cyberwar and cyber espionage?
- What is difference between Cyber Law and cybercrime?
- How is cyber security used?
- Where is cybersecurity used?
- What is cyber security and its uses?
- What are some examples of cyber security?
- What students should know about cyber security?
- What do people know about cybersecurity?
- Why do we need to know cyber security?
- What does a cyber security need to know?
- What is a cyberwar attack?
- Why should students learn about cyber security?
- Do people understand cybersecurity?
- Do people care about cybersecurity?
- Did you know facts about cyber security?
“cybersecurity and cyberwar: what everyone needs to know.” - Related Questions
Where is cyber security used?
System, network, and program security are all aspects of cybercrime. The typical goals of these cyberattacks are to access, alter, or destroy sensitive information, extort money from users, and disrupt business operations.
What skills are necessary for cyber security?
What is Cyber Security beginner?
An online security system or an unauthorized access solution protects devices, networks, and information against attacks.
What is cyberwar and cybercrime?
In cyberwarfare as well as cyberwar which is also called cyberwar, or cyberwarfare, the conflict is fought by or through computers and their networks via states or their proxies. There is no such thing as cyberwar, cyberespionage, or cybercrime, only terrorist use of cyberspace.
What is difference between cybercrime and cyber terrorism?
There are major differences between cybercrime and cyberterrorism stemming from the attack's purpose. primarily interested in making money while cyber terrorists may have a range of motives and seek to cause damage and disruption to critical infrastructure in particular.
What is the difference between cyberwar and cyber espionage?
An attack on a nation state through a cyberwarfare strategy is aimed primarily at disrupting its activities, while a cyberespionage campaign aims at gaining intelligence from hiding.
What is difference between Cyber Law and cybercrime?
There is no definition of cybercrime in Indian law. It is a term referring to legally governing the internet and computer security, as well as the domain and jurisdiction of those governing those areas. The Information Technology Act, 2000 is India's law regulating cyber laws.
How is cyber security used?.
Where is cybersecurity used?
A cyberattack is a malicious attack that seeks to compromise hardware, software, or data connected to the internet. Using this method, companies and individuals can protect sensitive data and other computerized systems from unauthorized access.
What is cyber security and its uses? are some examples of cyber security?
What students should know about cyber security?
Keeping software and operating systems up to date is crucial. Ensure your operating system and browser software, as well as applications, are always up to date. Outdated software on even new machines can pose a threat to your computer system. Avoid opening emails with attachments from untrusted sources: Avoid phishing emails.
What do people know about cybersecurity?
Why do we need to know cyber security?
In order to prevent theft and damage of all kinds of data, cybersecurity is important. PII, PHI, confidential information, ownership information, and government and industry information systems are included in this scope.
What does a cyber security need to know?
Knowing what types of cybersecurity exist can help you be better protected. Security for critical infrastructure, networking, applications, information, cloud, data loss prevention and user education are among them.
What is a cyberwar attack?
An action involving a nation-state or international organization attacking and attempting to damage another nation's computers or information networks by means of computer viruses or denial-of-service attacks is called cyber warfare.
Why should students learn about cyber security?
By teaching our students about these digital worlds and providing them with an understanding of their privacy and security laws, we can enable them to become engaging users. Having an understanding of how data is stored and retrieved and how it can be used against us in the future might make students think twice about posting their photos or messages.
Do people understand cybersecurity?
Various levels of technical detail and topic expertise are needed when it comes to cybersecurity. The survey asked 13 questions, but most online adults could correctly answer only two. Seventy-five percent of online adults are able to correctly identify the strongest password from four choices.
Do people care about cybersecurity?
According to a survey by Pew Research Center, nearly three-quarters (69%) of online adults aren't concerned about the security of their online passwords - more than twice the share (30%) that expresses concern about secure passwords for personal accounts.William Jasper Brown
1862-1927
photo courtesy of Terry J. Gardner
Bro. Brown Gone Home
Died on the battle field and with the armor on! No retreat, no surrender! Victory!
Bro. Brown had gone to Nelsonville, Ky., to fill an appointment and contracted pneumonia, form which he never recovered. A weak heart was doubtless responsible, as he had actually passed through the pneumonia stage. His son, Paul, whom he left behind in Philadelphia as few weeks before and started out on an extended preaching tour through parts of Indiana and Kentucky, reached his bedside on the 17th and was with him to the end, which came at 9 a.m., Jan. 20th.
This ends the life of a great and good man. i have known Bro. Brown over thirty years, and for a number of those years I had the privilege, profits and pleasure of working by his side in Gospel meetings, chiefly in the coal fields of Indiana, centering around Linton and Dugger. I should say he was a true and faithful Gospel preacher, under no master but one. He was willing to sacrifice for the cause, knew how to suffer hardships, and was free from the love of money. His delight for a number of years (and the longer the more) had been to get out to the weak and broken down churches and help them along. He will live in the memories of many struggling disciples who would have given up had not the Lord sent Bro. Brown their way. His works will follow him until the time for saints to receive their rewards.
Paul Brown, an only son, highly educated and yet very humble withal, now teaching in the University of Pennsylvania, is well qualified to render a great service in the cause for which his father lived, and we have confidence that he will do it. At his suggestion his father began preparing a book of sermons and essays which, I believe, Paul intended to finish and publish. The book will be one worth reading.
Funeral services were conducted on the night of the 21st inst., at the Portland Avenue Church, Louisville, by R.H. Boll, assisted by C.M. Neal, Claude Neal and the writer, and the next day at Martinsburg, Ind., by the writer assisted by E.G. Philipps, E.A. Rhodes and O.D. Bixler, where the body was laid to rest beside that of his first wife, and not many steps from the grave of the pioneer, J.L. Martin. We could do no more. "We wait the coming of the Lord."
William Jasper Brown was born in Washington County, Ky., March 29, 1862, the second of seven children of William Brown. The family moved to Duff, Ind., where most of the childhood of the deceased was spent. He obeyed the Gospel at the age of 22, under the preaching of W.S. Brown and soon after began preaching the Gospel, which he continued doing for over forty years. In 1890 was married to Clara Ann Ferguson, of Martinsburg, Ind. To this union were born a daughter (who died in infancy) and a son, Paul, who survives. Mrs. Clara Brown died March 8, 1907. In April, 1914, Bro. Brown was married to Lida Kays, who died July 4, 1924. Bro. Brown died Jan. 20, 1927, age 64 years, 9 months, 22 days. We have sustained a loss but we rejoice in our hope.
-Stanford Chambers, Christian Leader, Vol. XLI No. 7, February 15, 1927, page 16
Special Thanks to Terry J. Gardner for providing this sketch.
William Jasper Brown
On January 20, 1927, at Nelsonville, Ky., where he had gone on an appointment to preach, Brother W.J. Brown fell asleep in Jesus. He was almost 65 years of age (born March 29, 1862) and widely known and beloved among the churches as a faithful, thoughtful, earnest and able preacher of the Word of God. He obeyed the gospel at the age of 22 and soon began to preach, so that for more than forty years he has continued as a minister of the gospel of Christ. His field of labor extended from Michigan to Florida, and from Illinois to New Jersey, but the greater part of his work lay in Indiana and Kentucky. Among the places where he preached in Indiana are Coal City, Cloverdale, Covington, Lyons, Dugger, Linton, and Sellerburg; and in Kentucky, Frankfort, Nelsonville, Winchester.
Stanford Chalmers, W.E. Ellmore, and W.F. Cline, were co-laborers with him in the gospel. For ten years most of his time during the summer was spent in tent meetings, which he thought was one of the best ways of reaching people. Some fifteen years ago a meeting held by him and Brother Chambers resulted in the establishment of a congregation at Linton, Indiana, now a strong and flourishing church. It was a matter of constant regret with him that during the last two years of his life, owing to ill health and lack of opportunities in Philadelphia, he could not be engaged in preaching the year round. On December 16 he left Philadelphia for a preaching tour and visit, during which his last illness occurred.
His son, Paul, was with him in his last hours, which was one of the Lord's tender mercies to them both, for rarely was there such deep and tender devotion between father and son. With Paul, Brother Brown spent a great part of the last two years, in the city of Philadelphia, where Paul, a Ph.D. graduate, teaches in the University. He brought Brother Brown's body up from Nelsonville to Louisville, where the following evening funeral services were held in the house of the Portland Ave. Church, Brother Chambers, Brother Charles M. and Claude Neal, and R.H. Boll participating. The burial was at Martinsburg, where Mrs. Clara Brown. Brother Brown's first wife, and mother of Paul, is buried. There Brother Chambers again spoke, and others.
Thus ended the earthly life of our brother in the Lord—a simple, humble, unassuming, unselfish, pure, honorable life, of devoted service and simple faith and love. All who knew Brother Brown regarded him; and those who knew him well loved him for his work's sake and for his own sake. And his record and labor is with the Lord in whom he believed, and from whom, when He comes, each one shall receive his praise of God.
-R.H. Boll, Word And Work, Vol. XX, No.3. March, 1927, page 86
Special Thanks to Terry J. Gardner for providing this sketch.
Directions To The Grave of William J. Brown
William and Clara Brown are buried in the Martinsburg Church of Christ Cemetery.. Go to the first drive into the cemetery and turn in. The Brown plot will be next to the drive on your right, just before the first turn.. Go to the last drive into the cemetery and turn in. The Brown plot will be next to the drive on your right, just before the first turn. The actual GPS location of the grave is: 38°26'37.1"N 86°01'14.8"W / or D.d. 38.443628, -86.020771
While here, be sure to visit the grave of J.L. Martin, another restoration preacher buried here.
Clara Ann Brown
1859-1908
William Jasper Brown
1862-1927
Photos Taken May 21, 2012
Courtesy of Scott Harp
Web Editor's Note: On May 21, 2012 I visited the grave of W.J. Brown. I had just begun a week's Restoration Research trip with my dear friend Tom L. Childers. William J. Brown's grave was early on our list of preacher's graves to be found. Special thanks to Tom for doing the driving on this trip. While here, be sure to visit the grave of J.L. Martin, another restoration preacher buried here. Special Thanks to Terry J. Gardner for providing the obituary information on this page.Marketing Automation for Small Businesses: A Definitive Guide
For every small business owner, the amount of daily work that is required to build a business is enormous. However, with only 24 hours in a day and seven days in a week, trying to deal with business development, customer service, marketing, production, financials and everything else can often feel completely overwhelming.
This is why many small business owners are continuously looking for ways to overcome time deficiency. Currently, marketing automation is one of the proven ways to do so. Marketing automation in a nutshell is the technology allows businesses to accomplish different tasks for different components of marketing at once, saving them time and manpower.
If your small business is considering implementing marketing automation, or if you have already done so but aren’t yet seeing the results you want, read on for a definitive guide to marketing automation.
What Is Marketing Automation All About?
Marketing automation is defined as “the software platforms and technologies designed for marketing departments and organizations to more effectively market on multiple channels online (such as email, social media, websites, etc.) and automate repetitive tasks.”
In other words, it is a set of tools that assist in streamlining and simplifying some of the most time-consuming and repetitive activities of the modern marketing world. These tools can range from automating the lead qualification process to formulating a center for digital campaign production.
When you are growing your small business, you want to simplify processes as much as possible, and that is exactly what marketing automation is all about
What Is The Relationship Between Marketing Automation and CRM?
As a small business, you are (most likely) tight with resources. For this reason, you want to implement tools that not only integrate smoothly with your existing systems and processes, but that also enhance them. This is where the potentially powerful relationship between marketing automation and your CRM system can get tested.
Assuming that your CRM tool is already a fundamental component of your business and an essential element in the manner in which you track, record and access performance metrics and customer data, then its integration with a new marketing automation system should be seamless.
The additional benefit is that now, you will also be able to monitor actions from your campaigns, real-time sales alerts, ROI reporting, and much more.
In 2018, many small businesses have already discovered the advantages of integrating marketing automation with CRMs. However, if you are not seeing the results you desire, then the issue may be with the integration and the marketing automation system you chose.
What Is The Relationship Between Marketing Automation and SEO?
Marketing automation ensures that your content is continuously replenishing you with SEO benefits by streamlining the distribution of your content. That isn’t to say that it actually does the marketing, but it does scale your efforts.
What Are the Benefits of Marketing Automation for Small Businesses?
There are a number of marketing automation benefits for your type of business and, if you haven’t done so, it is high time you get to know them.
1. Marketing automation will save you time and effort on customer acquisition, as your content marketing strategy will be closely aligned with your marketing and sales funnel.
2. Marketing automation will help you measure results in a way that can educate you for even better future results. By using the reports that marketing automation will provide, you can collect and organize the data and track your progress. Armed with thorough information, you can work on analyzing the data and adjusting your strategy when required.
3. Marketing automation allows small businesses to take advantage of lead acquisition, nurturing, and conversion optimization tasks, despite having a small team and fewer resources.
4. Marketing automation encourages personalized messages and hyper-segmented lists and even makes it easier to manage them. By putting a marketing automation solution into action, you can utilize data from prospects and leads to design personalized strategies.
5. Marketing automation assists in capturing potential consumers through cart abandonment strategies. If you sell anything online, this is a fundamental benefit. Due to the ease and abundance of online shopping and research, many shoppers add items or services to their online carts and then leave before closing the purchase. Marketing automation can help you obtain and win their interest and money!
There are several strategies that you can try to nurture those potential clients, so it is something you want to discuss with your marketing automation vendor. However, small businesses that have adopted an efficient cart abandonment procedure have been adequately equipped to win back those customers’ consideration and boost their sales as a result.
6. Marketing automation can also be utilized for social media campaigns. In addition to email marketing and lead generation and nurturing, your small business can use the tools provided by marketing automation software to drive social media campaigns.
After all, the more data you have, the better your understanding of the market and your customers will be. So, by accumulating supplementary data from platforms such as LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest, you’re improving your ability to generate more dependable conclusions.
What Are the Marketing Automation Options for Small Businesses?
In the past few years, many innovative marketing automation options have been released on the market, especially for small businesses. These solutions include several automation features such as:
- Drip campaigns
- Forms and landing pages
- Lead scoring
- Automated email campaigns
- Built-in CRM or CRM integration
- Trigger emails based on set or custom rules
- Smarter segmentation
- Built-in e-commerce functionality or integration with e-commerce platforms
- Multichannel analytics
At this point, you should be rather convinced that marketing automation is essential if you want to advance your small business to the next level. However, before you go and commit to a software, first take the time to figure out why your company needs to invest in a marketing automation platform. There is little or no point in investing in marketing automation if you don’t have a plan of how you are going to utilize it.
While marketing automation can potentially bring in a vast amount of benefits to your business, for it to truly work, you must have well-prepared resources and well-trained talent committed to the operation of your marketing automation platform.
Meet with both your marketing and sales teams about what they would like to see in a marketing automation platform and ensure that they are willing to be invested in and devoted to its full implementation.
But, at the end of the day, keep in mind that the true value of marketing automation lies in how your business becomes better at building relationships that lead to responsive, engaged, and faithful customers..Medical Editor: John P. Cunha, DO, FACOEP
What Is Ultravate X?
Ultravate X (halobetasol propionate) Cream, 0.05% is a super-high potency corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
What Are Side Effects of Ultravate X?
Common side effects of Ultravate X Cream include:
- skin stinging or burning,
- itching,
- dry skin,
- skin redness,
- thinning skin,
- white patches on the skin,
- cysts, and
- rash.
Dosage for Ultravate X?
Apply a thin layer dose of Ultravate X Cream to the affected skin once or twice daily, as directed by your physician, and rub in gently and completely.
What Drugs, Substances, or Supplements Interact with Ultravate X?
Ultravate X Cream may interact with other drugs. Tell your doctor all medications and supplements you use.
Ultravate X During Pregnancy and Breastfeeding
Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant before using Ultravate X Cream; it is unknown if it will affect a fetus. It is unknown if Ultravate X Cream passes into breast milk. Systemically administered corticosteroids pass into breast milk. Consult your doctor before breastfeeding.
Additional Information
Our Ultravate X (halobetasol propionate) Cream,Psoriasis causes the top layer of skin cells to become inflamed and grow too quickly and flake off. See Answer
3 pharmacies near 20147 have coupons for Bryhali (Brand Names:Ultravate X Cream for 15GM, stinging, itching, or dryness of treated skin;
- pain where the foam was applied;
- redness or crusting around your hair follicles;
- stretch marks;
- spider veins;
- Ultravate X (halobetasol propionate)
SLIDESHOWTypes of Psoriasis: Medical Pictures and Treatments See Slideshow
SIDE EFFECTS
In controlled clinical trials, the most frequent adverse events reported for Ultrav Ultravate Cream. Ultravate X (halobetasol propionate)
© Ultravate X Patient Information is supplied by Cerner Multum, Inc. and Ultravate X Consumer information is supplied by First Databank, Inc., used under license and subject to their respective copyrights.Made in Hackney: Leighton Brown crisp recipe was tested in tiny kitchen
Three foodie friends Chris Wilkowski, Cara eighton, and Dominic Donnelly, who met in East London, have created Leighton Brown crisps,an artisan snack made of the finest British Manuka honey and most local parsnips. - Credit: Archant
A group of three friends who met in a Hackney pub are competing with Walker’s by marketing three posh crisp flavours in shops, coffee houses and pubs across the borough – and often sitting on the same shelf as the giants of the snack industry.
Chef Dominic Donnelly, PR consultant Cara Leighton and business analyst Krzysztof (Chris) Wilkowski set up Leighton Brown in 2012, with their original brand of parsnip and Manuka honey crisps.
Since then they have introduced two new flavours – sweet potato with cheese and jalapeno, and beetroot with horseradish and dill.
The trio met working in the White Hart in Stoke Newington High Street just over a decade ago, and Cara approached her old friends in 2009 asking for help developing her recipe in her small kitchen in Hackney.Changing moods / irritability
During your cycles, you suffer from sudden and unpredictable mood swings. You are easily annoyed, irritable and susceptible. You go from sadness to exuberance without any apparent reason.
Our advice
Taking the elixir FEMININITY will help you regulate and soothe the unbalanced moods due to the necessary cycles of a woman’s life.L.E. Smith is Hiring: Accounts Payable Clerk
The L.E. Smith Company is hiring a new Accounts Payable Clerk. Candidates interested in applying for the position should submit their resumes at.
Responsibilities
- Match purchase orders to invoices and enter invoices into computer
- Reconcile processed work
- Verify entries
- Compare system reports to balances
- Charge expenses to accounts and cost centers
- Analyze invoice/expense reports and record entries
- Pay vendors:
- Monitor discount opportunities
- Verify federal ID numbers
- Schedule and prepare checks
- Resolve purchase order, contract, invoice, or payment discrepancies and documentation
- Ensure credit is received for outstanding memos
- Issue stop-payments or purchase order amendments
- Pay employees
- Receive and verify expense reports for advances
- Prepare checks
- Maintain accounting ledgers
- Verify and post account transactions
- Verify vendor accounts
- Reconcile monthly statements
- Provide accurate and effective document preparation and records management relative to the AP function in accordance with records retention policies and procedures
Skills
- Organized with the ability to independently prioritize tasks
- Deadline driven
- Proficient in Microsoft Office
- Attention to detail and accurate entry
- Problem-solving and analytical skills
Qualifications / Experience
- Basic understanding of bookkeeping and accounting principlesGlass Creek Apartments401 Old Pleasant Grove Rd, Mt Juliet, TN 37122
- 1 BED
- $1,425+
Heron Pointe100 Heron Pointe Drive, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- $1,285+
Jackson Grove Apartment Homes3417 Lebanon Pike, Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,200+
- $1,295+
The Cove At Priest Lake3960 Bell Road, Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,340+
- $1,465+
The Arbours Of Hermitage6001 Old Hickory Blvd, Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- 3 BEDS
- $1,152+
- $1,306+
- $1,572+
Park At Hermitage5900 Old Hickory Blvd., Hermitage, TN 37076
- Studio
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,188+
- $1,308+
- $1,553+
Glass Creek Apartments401 Old Pleasant Grove Rd, Mt Juliet, TN 37122
- 1 BED
- $1,425+
Waterford Landing Apartments5901 Old Hickory Boulevard, Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,065+
- $1,400+
Canyon Ridge3868 Central Pike #100, Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,500+
- $1,440+
Avalon Of Hermitage3501 Andrew Jackson Way, Hermitage, TN 37076
Ask for pricing
- 2 BEDS
- 3 BEDS
The Flats On Waters Edge3940 Bell Road, Hermitage, TN 37076
Ask for pricing
- 2 BEDS
- 3 BEDS
Heron Pointe100 Heron Pointe Drive, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- $1,285+
Burning Tree Apts.345 Burning Tree Dr., Hermitage, TN 37076
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- 3 BEDS
- $876
- $837+
- $1,202
The Trails Apartments100 Trails Circle, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,233+
- $1,460+
Lincoya Bay Apartments & Townhomes3000 Lincoya Bay Drive, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,125+
- $1,295+
Priest Lake Apartments3555 Bell Road, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- 3 BEDS
- $1,199+
- $1,573+
- Ask for pricing
Bexley Donelson135 Donelson Pike, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- $1,479+
Creekside At Providence1001 Providence West Parkway, Mt. Juliet, TN 37122
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,453+
- $1,593+
Creekstone Apartments266 Stewarts Ferry Pike, Nashville, TN 37214
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,028+
- $1,291+
Laurel Valley4675 Old Lebanon Dirt Rd, Mount Juliet, TN 37122
- 1 BED
- 2 BEDS
- $1,325
- $1,550
Popular Searches
- Apartments in Hermitage
- Studio Apartments in Hermitage
- 1 Bedroom Apartments in Hermitage
- 2 Bedroom Apartments in Hermitage
- 3 Bedroom Apartments in Hermitage
- Houses for rent in Hermitage
- Pet Friendly Apartments in Hermitage
- Luxury Apartments in Hermitage
- Hermitage Apartments under $1100
- Hermitage Apartments under $1200
- Hermitage Apartments under $1300
- Hermitage Apartments under $1400
- Hermitage Apartments under $1500
- Hermitage Apartments under $1600
Nearby Cities
- Apartments in Antioch
- Apartments in Ashland City
- Apartments in Bowling Green
- Apartments in Brentwood
- Apartments in Clarksville
- Apartments in Columbia
- Apartments in Franklin
- Apartments in Gallatin
- Apartments in Goodlettsville
- Apartments in Hendersonville
- Apartments in La Vergne
- Apartments in Lebanon
- Apartments in Madison
- Apartments in Mount Juliet
- Apartments in Murfreesboro
- Apartments in Nashville
- Apartments in Smyrna
- Apartments in Spring Hill
- Apartments in Springfield
- Apartments in White House
Hermitage, TN Demographics
- Total Population40,161
- Female 19,600Male 20,561
- Median Age36.6
Average Rent in Hermitage, TN
- Hermitage, TN Average Rental Price, November 2021 $1,364 /mo
Hermitage, TN Apartment Rent Ranges
Hermitage, TN Rent Trends
Hermitage, TN Households
- Total Number of Households17,389
- Family 10,332Non-family 7,057
- Children 4,767No Children 12,622
- Average People Per Household2.3
- Median Household Income$65,870
- Median Housing Costs Per Month$1,142
Hermitage, TN Education Statistics
The best apartments in Hermitage, TN under $1,600
We know that comfort and convenience are essential elements to your well-being, and that is why we selected the best apartments for rent in Hermitage, TN. The monthly rent does vary on the property type, but you can find cheap luxury apartments listed for up to $3,353..The SEC and money manager clients have raised the bar for investment consultants to provide greater transparency, especially as it relates to their compensation that could create conflicts of interest and prevent impartiality. Founder and President Amy Lynch sees consultants now adding more language to their ADVs about their gifting policies. She notes that adding clear language and including more details on fees and conflicts would be a good idea considering the pressure now on consultants for more disclosures. See FundFire (subscription required), “Consultants Pressured to Reveal Gifts, Conference Fees from Managers”Description
PRICE INCLUDES FREE SHIPPING to majority of locations in Australia
We offer refunds for orders returned in their original conditions within 30 days from date of purchase, however handling fees of $14.95 are not refundable.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.The Bulgaria for the Citizens party callеd for a boycott of the forthcoming referendum on the development of nuclear energy claiming that it would be pointless.
"A referendum is held when positions and opinions are divided, while in this case the division is not in society but in the heads of the power holders, who do not want to bear responsibility," state-run Bulgarian News Agency cited the party's leader Meglena Kuneva as saying.
In Kuneva's words, the referendum, which is to be held on January 27, is a "pointless discussion", whose aim is to deflect attention from the bankruptcies of companies and unemployment.We occasionally serve with whipped cream for fun, but we find the waffles sweet and flavorful enough to be served “as is”, without butter or syrup.
Servings: 10 4××4 waffles.
Recipe submitted by Wendie, Burr Ridge, IL
Published on October 10, 2012
5 CommentsQ&A: Solar Electric’s Robert Goss on closing the gap in Ireland C&I solar market
Solar Power Portal caught up with Solar Electric’s Sales and Marketing director Robert Goss to discuss how the market is changing, helped by stronger renewable commitments that are going to help “take the lid off” C&I solar.NEWS: Future Everything Launch ArtsAPIMonday, October 5th, 2015
For anyone who has ever struggled to effectively communicate the strength and value held within their organisation’s network to potential funders or supporters, ArtAPI could be just what you need. A free web application developed by the Manchester based award-winning innovation lab, FutureEverything, it is a newly developed web application specifically designed to help arts and culture organisations to show the value and impact generated by their networks.
A year-long project developed in collaboration with the University of Dundee (academic partner) and Swirrl (technology partner) and made possible through the support of the Digital R&D Fund for the Arts, the application aggregates, analyses and presents organisation’s network data in the form of an interactive visualisation. This can then be explored and interrogated from both an individual and organisational perspective, offering insight into how well connected an organisation is to different sectors and to different cities and countries.
Developed from an understanding that numerous arts and cultural organisations held a significant part of their value within the relationships they create and sustain, but don’t use the value in these relationships to its full potential, FutureEverything sought to develop ArtsAPI as a practical solution to help organisations within the sector to leverage other means of support. As Swirrl’s CEO Bill Roberts explains:
“With ArtsAPI we’ve developed a new way of applying innovative data processing and analysis to help arts organisations better understand their networks and the value held in them. It will be really interesting to see how our research might help enable new insights and ways of working.”
The business use of the insight provided by the application will differ depending on the organisation’s internal structure and processes, but ArtsAPI also offers some ideas for different business models and can help organisations identify possible vulnerabilities, strengths and weaknesses in terms of their communication flow and maintaining a healthy and diverse network. Joeli Brearley, Project Manager for ArtsAPI explains:
“From the outset we understood that ArtsAPI was a hugely ambitious project. Our starting point was a simple hypothesis: that arts organisations generate but do not articulate or evidence significant value through the relationships they create and sustain. By using email data we have developed a tool that can begin to offer new insight into those relationships thereby creating new opportunities for arts organisations. The current functionality of ArtsAPI offers arts organisations something new and unique that we believe will have significant value for its users. We also believe we have created a valuable foundation from which other researchers and developers can create new tools for the arts.”
ArtsAPI will help organisations to unlock the huge potential value hidden within their own data by changing its perceived value from that of a necessary tool for accountability, toward its use as an important everyday tool for longer term business development.
For those less technologically savvy, the ArtsAPI project will also offer a series of workshops, events, publications and training initiatives to help maximise the applications benefit to the sector. Through this training and support programme, ArtsAPI will look to increase confidence and skills and unlock its benefits to as many organisations as possible, whatever their current level of skill and understanding.
Emma Sumner, News Editor
If you are interested in finding out how ArtsAPI could benefit your organisation; Click Here
For a full ArtsAPI ‘how-to’ guide; Click Here[Back To Fiction Writers]
[Back To Essayists List]
George Bernard Shaw
(1856-1950)
Shaw had "an exhilarating force, a trenchant wit, an unfailing eye for apt instances, a contempt for every fool and a respect for no authority. ... [He was] alert, never to be taken by unawares, ready to pounce with avidity upon the delusions of his fellow-men and to rend them with an animal gusto. ... his wit [intimidated] the enemy before coming to grips with him." [Orlo Williams, The Essay (New York: Geo. H. Doran Co., 1915).] Shaw joined the likes of Sidney and Beatrice Webb and H. G. Wells; as socialists they were known as Fabians.
For a sample of Shaw's work, see "The Sources Of Idealism." More geberally, Shaw's works are available on the 'NET
.
_______________________________
_______________________________
[UP]
[BIOGRAPHIES JUMP PAGE]
2011 (2019)
Peter LandryThe recruiters or employer’s attention and motivate an employer to interview you. The opening should appeal to the reader. If you don’t really have anything meaningful to say in a cover letter than rather do not write one..Europe, Russia & Central Asia
The Scowcroft Group has helped clients assess and pursue opportunities in countries throughout the region, including Turkey, Russia, Ukraine, the Baltic States, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, and Kyrgyzstan.
These opportunities have principally been in the following areas: energy and natural resources, the financial sector, transportation, and telecommunications.
- Advised a Fortune 100 company on a $122 million transaction in Central Asia in the transportation sector.
- Advised an independent U.S. oil company on sale of Turkish gas assets valued at $100 million.
- Advised one of the world’s largest banks on inbound Russian investment and specific country risk issues.
- Assisted a major U.S. retailer on market entry strategy into Russia.
- Supported a financial institution on the privatization of a downstream oil and gas opportunity in South-Eastern Europe.
- Advised a financial institution on natural resource investment strategies in Russia.
- Advised several U.S. financial and manufacturing companies on market-entry strategies in the region, such as Turkey, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan and Russia.Cozy ribbed knit shapes this lovely sweater dress that features a plunging neckline, fitted long sleeves, and wrap-front surplice bodice, with built in side tie. A dress that fits and flatters in all the right places ! Pair it with your favorite booties/heels and you’re all set.
Material | 70% Viscose 30% NylonSharks coach Shane Flanagan has again named a 19-man squad for this Friday night’s match against the Broncos, with only one slight alteration.
Flanagan last week named youngsters Valentine Holmes and Jack Bird on an extended bench, with this time around Bird being substituted by former Canberra Raider Sami Sauiluma.
Holmes wound up playing for the NYC Sharks in the curtain raiser to the main game last weekend, while Bird warmed up as 18th man for the NRL clash but was not required.
Whether Holmes and/or Sauiluma take to the field on Friday will be determined by Flanagan and his coaching staff later in the week however there are no injury concerns amongst the players selected.
The Sharks will be looking for a quick change in fortunes after a disappointing first up loss to the Raiders last Sunday, while likewise the Broncos will be out to rebound after ebing on the wrong end of a 36-6 score line against the Rabbitohs in round one.
The Sharks team for the Broncos match is as follows;
NRL Team List – round 2
Sharks v Broncos
Friday, March 13
Remondis Stadium
Kick off 8.35pm
1. Michael Gordon
2. Sosaia Feki
3. Gerard Beale
4. Ricky Leutele
5. Mitch Brown
6. Ben Barba
7. Jeff Robson
8. Andrew Fifita
9. Michael Ennis
10. Matt Prior
11. Jayson Bukuya
12. Wade Graham
13. Paul Gallen ©
Interchange
14. Chris Heighington
15. Tinirau Arona
16. Anthony Tupou
17. David Fifita
18. Valentine Holmes
21. Sami SauilumaMicrosoft Teams
Microsoft Teams lets you work remotely. You can chat, meet, call and collaborate with your colleagues. Check out tips on how to get started with Teams quickly and easily.
Microsoft Teams
Log in with <your own ULCN username>@vuw.leidenuniv.nl and your usual password. You can verify your identity with Microsoft Authenticator.Download Teams
Log in to the website to use Teams without downloading the app on your device.
Verify your sign-in
You will have to verify your identity with Microsoft Authenticator to able to sign into Teams.
Read the manual on the helpdesk portal >>.
It is easy to communicate with the whole team through channels. All the members can read what you have to say. A chat, however, is one-on-one or with a select group. You can also use the chat option to chat or video conference with people outside your team(s).
Each team in MS Teams also has its own team site in SharePoint online. Files that you share in a channel are stored in SharePoint. Files that you share in chat are stored in OneDrive. You can access OneDrive through the Files button on the left-hand side of the screen. Here you will also find a list of all the files that have been shared.
Follow the next guidelines in order to save and share files within MS Teams correctly.
Assistance and support
Microsoft offers a great amount of information on working with Teams, go to the general help and support page for more information.
ISSC made all public teams in MS Teams private..- Identification and Creation
- Object Number
- 1992.256.280
- Title
- Pierced ridge-handled circular stamp seal with parallel line design
- Classification
- Seals
- Work Type
- seal
- Date
- 6th-5th millennium BCE
- Period
- Neolithic period
- Culture
- Anatolian
- Persistent Link
-
- Physical Descriptions
- Medium
- Stone
- Technique
- Carved
- Dimensions
- 1.5 cm (9/16.280
-Plan your dream Adirondack wedding with High Peaks Resort's dedicated wedding planning and catering staff. From the rehearsal dinner and wedding parties through the ceremony, reception, and start of the honeymoon, accommodations works for you.
You are the center of attention during your wedding week,.
High Peaks Resort's unique venues for receptions and rehearsal dinners offer the wedding of your dreams. Planning your Lake Placid wedding should be nothing but fun and exciting. The High Peaks Resort team aims for nothing short of that. Let us help you plan your Adirondack wedding. Contact our team today.Creature — Ooze 2/2, {1}{G}
{G}: Exile target card from a graveyard. If it was a creature card, put a +1/+1 counter on Scavenging Ooze and you gain 1 life.
In nature, not a single bone or scrap of flesh goes to waste.
Found a problem with the card data? Report it here.
If you've found an error with our card data, please fill out the form below!Choose your language » Deutsch | Español | Français | Italiano | Nederlands | Norsk | Português | Svenska
Fri, Nov 26, 6:15 PM
Languages Spoken: English, Spanish
I love role-playing games, playing with my dildos and making you live a very pleasant experience.
I like men who are daring and willing to make me happy with their follies and I love to please every whim they ask of me.
I am very good at playing with my dildos, I love playing with my feet and my hands.
BROWSE ONLINE MODELSIf you are interested in our company and our products, please contact us!Chat Online
Cost Of Stationary Granite Crusher In Usa. Cost Of Stationary Granite Crusher In Usa.
Mar 27, 2021 Granite jaw crusher Get Latest Price. Granite jaw crusher Feeding size 1500 mm Discharging size 25-350 mm Capacity 1-2200 th Granite jaw crusher is a new type of jaw crusher, which is developed by Fote Heavy Machinery based on the characteristics of granite. It has a novel structure and a reasonable layout. Video of granite jaw crusher
Supply of primary crusher machine in graphite . 
This is for a SKYLANDER GIANTS GRANITE CRUSHER. ... Used An item that has been used previously. The item may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but is fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a floor model or store return that has been used.
Get 2021 Crushed Granite price options and installation cost ranges. Free, online Crushed Granite cost guide breaks down fair prices in your area. Input project size, product quality and labor type to get Crushed Granite material pricing and installation cost estimates.
Mar 06, 2018 ...
May 16, 2021 The national average materials cost to install crushed granite is 0.43 per square foot, with a range between 0.34 to 0.51. The total price for labor and materials per square foot is 1.15, coming in between 0.73 to 1.58. A typical 500 square foot project costs 576.15, with a range of 364.06 to 788.25.
Prices Of Blue Granite - Global Stone Prices Center - Stonecontact.Com, Stone Suppliers Publish Stone Prices in Global Stone Price Center.
May 13, 2021 cost of granite mini rock crusher granite concrete crusher costs cost crush rock ton crusher machine cost mini crusher sale cost to cut granite mobile river stone crusher high efficiency river stone crusher lampara usb with switch sock infant. Download
200tph granite crushing line in Cameroon ... HGT gyratory crusher was produced with integration of mechanical, hydraulic, electrical, automated, intelligent control technology together. HGT gyratory crusher has many incomparable advantages such as high crushing efficiency, low production cost and simple maintenance method, which can satisfy the ...
The cost to Install Crushed Granite starts at 0.93 - 1.91 per square foot, but can vary significantly with site conditions and options. Get fair costs for your SPECIFIC project requirements. See typical tasks and time to install crushed granite, along with per unit costs and material requirements..
Apr 13, 2021.
Regular Crusher Run 18.00 Per Ton. Reg. Crusher Run is used for road bed material. 57 Granite Stone is 27.00 per ton. 57 Granite is used for french drains. One Man Rip Rap 37.00 Per Ton
Front Range Material Inc. sells in wholesale a range of washed river rock and crushed rock products throughout Colorado. Lafayette, CO Hours of Operation Monday through Friday 800 AM to 400 PM ... 1 12 G Crushed Granite Type 2 Bedding - Image - Gradation 6-5000 - 1 12 Colorado Red - Image 2-107 112 Goldstone - Image 2-108 4 Goldstone ..."Code Review not only improves the code, it improves the developer."
That’s what a client said recently when I told him how few people raised their hand when I was speaking at TriAgile and asked how many had ever pair programmed or regularly have their code reviewed. Less than 5 hands went up out of a room of about 100 people, most of whom had identified themselves as developers and claiming they were doing agile software development. Sadly, there aren't many out there that really desire to be software craftsman, they just want a job as a programmer.
My talk was entitled, “Software Craftsmanship: Agile is Not Enough." One of my main points in the talk is that “Agile Software Development” is all about feedback and software developers need to make sure they are getting feedback, preferably from experts, on the code that goes into the products that they are building. Having a Scrum meeting every two weeks with a Certified Scrum Master only means they are doing Scrums, not that they are building good software.
Feedback, and knowing what to do with it to be continually improving, is the presupposition of Agile Software Development and Software Craftsmanship.
You need feedback to improve:
* Understanding of requirements
* Project planning
* Design
* Code
* Communication
* User experience
* ... and much more
So, what does this have to do with programming bootcamps?
Well, I am not completely sure, because I do not run a bootcamp. I run RoleModel Software Craftsmanship Academy. In fact, in 2011, I announced the Craftsmanship Academy. It was the first of it's kind, and I was hoping others would duplicate it. I met with Neal Sales-Griffin and Mike McGee, the founders of the only well-known "Programming Bootcamp" at the time, Code Academy, now The Starter League, to discuss the differences of what I was doing and what they were doing. They recognized that what I was doing was well-beyond what they did, and we wondered together if people who graduated from their program would be good candidates for mine.
But that was then, and this is now. Many "bootcamps" don't seem to want to make the distinction, and those looking to go into the field don't necessarily know enough to ask.
Before going any further, I want to say that I am very excited about the number of "programming bootcamps" or "hacker schools" that have sprung up over the last few years. Having been a leader in Software Craftsmanship for many years, and a pioneer in Software Development Apprenticeship, I had pointed out on many occasions how the universities were doing such a poor job of preparing people to be software developers and that it needed to be learned in a more immersive setting. Although I have never attended any of them, and have met only a few who have, I am confident that the vast majority of them are better preparing the majority of their participants for software development than the vast majority of universities.
But, they are not what I envisioned, and I feel they are far short of what most people need to become software craftsmen. From what I understand of most of the best coding bootcamps, they provide some pre-work for people with little or no programming experience, participants get in a class with others and work through a project (typically a web application) wth a single technology stack (often Ruby on Rails), they are led by a talented instructor (perhaps one instructor per 12 students), they have access to the "classroom" pretty much whenever they want and encourage each other, working together as they like with little distractions from immersing themselves on developing software, and they may have a mentor they get to work with every so often, and may get one-on-one time (office hours) with the instructor
All these things are things missing from a college education and extremely helpful in learning to be a software developer. We do a lot of them in the immersion phase of our Academy, but we do a few things differently. First of all, we make sure that everyone who comes has already had some form of introduction to programming and knows the basics: conditional branching, loops, variable assignments, etc. Last year I put together an interactive test that I screened each applicant with face to face to see not only what they already knew, but how they handled stuff being thrown at them. They were allowed to ask questions about the questions. I got to see how they interacted; how they thought. Would they give up when presented a problem they didn't know off the top of their head or would they try to figure it out? (This is something professional software developers have to do every day). This was very helpful in determining whether they were ready for the Academy.
We take no more than 6, won't take anyone we don't think is ready, and have very strict evaluation criteria at two weeks, four weeks, and twelve weeks to determine whether the participant can continue. (The goal is that all do, but no one is given a free ride if they just do not appear to have what it takes to become a software craftsman).
In the immersion phase, we go through a variety of technologies, giving them projects to work on in each. But they are told that they need to follow "best practices" which they are constantly taught. This includes test-driven design and short feedback loops on their code. Every few hours, the question is asked by me, "Who would like to offer up a sacrifice of code?" We put someone's code up on the screen, and I offer a large amount of constructive criticism, which they are expected to act on. Not only does the individual offering the sacrifice learn a lot, but so does everyone else watching and listening. You'd be amazed how good their code gets in a few weeks, as well as the habits they form.
They are taught some basic computer science theory in the context of real world development (e.g. not only what Data Structures are, but how they are implemented in the libraries they are using), as well as best practices. They learn Ruby, Objective-C, and JavaScript, and learn what practices carry over between them and what needs to change. (They are also told about some other languages and environments that we don't use in the immersion phase).
Once they are done the immersion phase (which takes 3.5 intense months), those ready to move on become apprentices, being assigned to one of our Craftsman who will oversee their further development by giving them assignments, watching what they do, pair programming, and many other things. They do Situated Learning for many more months. If they stay on at RoleModel, this will go on for years because our culture demands collaboration and two sets of eyes on all production code. Each apprenticeship/residency is different depending on a lot of things, but one thing remains the same, they have an active, very real, and very experienced mentor for quite a while. The difference versus someone who learned to program through traditional routes and/or just picked stuff up on the streets is remarkable. Several of RoleModel's clients say they would love to have us train all of their developers because of the difference they see. The problem is, they want the results, but don't want to make the investment it takes to get there.
This, in a nutshell, is the most significant difference between learning to be a Software Craftsman and going to a "programming bootcamp." There are only a few of these programs around and they each have the personality of the company that puts them together. Each of us would argue that ours is the best, but we'd be united in pointing out that what we do is significantly different and much deeper than a "programming bootcamp."
Most craftsman are busy crafting software and don't ever take on apprentices. Currently, we only offer new entry into our Academy about every 1.5 years and limit the number of openings. There are only a handful of places that do something similar. I wish there were more, and your situation might mean that, even if you really want to be a software craftsman, you might have to settle for just a bootcamp, for now.
Everyone does not necessarily want to become a software craftsman. If you just want to "learn to code", most of the bootcamps are a great way to do it. But, if you want to really become a software craftsman, bootcamp is not enough. If someone wants to become a software craftsman, they need to be around and be mentored by real software craftsman... someone passionate about their craft, and willing to invest in others that are also passionate about their craft.
Remember, it takes a lot of refining to become or produce a software craftsman. Look for feedback as much as you can and offer constructive criticism to those who are not as far along the journey when ever possible. Be passionate, relentless in your pursuit of feedback, tender-hearted and thick-skinned.
Want to learn more about the Software Craftsmanship Academy? Check out their school page or their website.
About the Author
Ken Auer is the founder and master craftsman of RoleModel Software. He is the author of Extreme Programming Applied and a variety of early software patterns works. Ken learned Smalltalk and Objective-C in the mid-80s and was introduced as “the father of Software Craftsmanship” as the opening keynote speaker at the first Software Craftsmanship North America conference. Though he occasionally speaks in various venues, he is most at home in his custom designed facility outside of Holly Springs, NC (designed and built using Christopher Alexander’s architectural design patterns). There he focuses on working with his agile, high-performance, multi-disciplinary team to turn others’ innovative ideas into well-crafted software and raising up generations of software craftsmen through the Software Craftsmanship Academy and RoleModel Software. You can occasionally find him on twitter (@kauerrolemodel), or read about his quest for an integrated life at.
Not sure what you're looking for?We'll match you!7/2/2017
33 Comments
Thankyou Azulvalerie for sharing this, it touched and spoke to me deeply as from the far north I too am hearing similar messages from salt water and the marine mammals I care for.
Blessings on your work.
Dear Jan thank you for replying . My heart lifted when you said that you also hear similar messages from the sea water of the north and the marine mammals! Would you share a bit more if not hear on my email: azulthome@gmail.com? So many thanks. Azul
I wept as I read this.. I have a persistent feeling of something about to happen and almost a surreal feeling to it all. My connections to my land my animals and water is getting stronger and clearer.
I love the rivers, wells and seas. I am not aware yet of any message, but I know I want to be near them. But your message reminds me of the emotional water we all hold in us. How true we are all loved by a greater force, I felt that big time in 1980 when I had a incredible spiritual experience. There was no striving just total acceptance that I am loved and all is well. Thank you for this share 😃.
Thank you Philomena for your remembering and sharing it here. It is as if we are weaving a strong and beautiful collective clothe in this way. One that is more difficult to undo and fall back into amnesia again. Thank you! Azul
Thankyou for your inspiration. Water is our life force .I love being near it , listening and observing its moods. To be swmming in it whenever i can. Next time I will take more notice and hopefully be aware of its message.
Dear Pauline, yes Water is one of our life force. I look forward to your sharing with us the message she passes on to you. Warm blessings. Azul
Thank you for sharing this message. I live in Cornwall and would like to connect with you. With love, Mary
Hello Mary yes sure do so here or azulthome@gmail.com .
Blessings. Azul
Yes I felt like this when I was at Schmacher in 2014, I was doing an anyurvedic healing cleanse at the time, after about 6 weeks the already strong connection I felt to nature transformed into something indescribable, there felt no separation and I felt bliss, I couldn't understand why I didn't feel grief, the bliss was a feeling that in terms of nature it was all fine, that it was the human species that the grief was about, and I was only feeling the bliss of nature, until I stepped back out into the world from the rarified atmosphere of Schumacher. This year 5 people have died in my life, I find I'm incapable of properly connecting to nature, food growing that was my passion for this last 20 plus years, died too, I couldn't go out and do the work, the grief was too overpowering, so I focused on other things living in the little city I live in, I stare at the happenings in the world, without words, I go through the motions of finishing my ayurvedic training and setting up a business and website to support people, partly in gift, partly to earn, but in my heart of hearts, I am bereft, I think peculating, seeing so much but with no words to speak, and grief too big to feel.
Hello Lucy! Your message moves me so much loss…and your last words…'grief too big to feel' yes it is all way to big to feel alone we are not meant to feel grief alone. Together we create a container that then releases the sadness, anger, numbness or what ever else needs moving. Where do you live now? xx Azul
I too feel the pull of the Water, although it does not yet speak to me. Your words chill me, yet I sense their truth deep inside me. Thank you
Water likes our songs, our playing, our prayers, our tears and to be fed. The Dart loves pancakes :-) x
I resonate w/you. 💖🙏🦄🦋🐋🔥🌈💜
So true, so accessible when we are awake...Oh, to be awake all ways...
My feelings run so deep I find it hard to express but I know water has consciousness as does fire. I am Scorpio sun & moon w/Aries rising. I must stay balanced w/water & fire energies running thru me. Your communications are beautiful. Our thoughts & words effect water so I write love on all my water bottles. Pray for Standing Rock 🙏
Thank you Azul❤️ Two years ago I was guided through journey to meet air, then water, then fire, the earth - each over many months - I was given a name by each - a sacred name I could speak to call on each that I do not share - it is an intimate practice of learning about each as they call on me and I call on them by their sacred name. From this closeness, this very personal and intimate exchange, so much is shared, taught and enjoyed deeply - just a share of a private practice of mine inspired by these great forces ❤️ - Jen
Thank You! We have been given SO many gifts to co-create our own salvation. I choose once again to give the renaining lifetime I have to honouring these gifts from the Mother of Life itself, and sharing any knowledge, wisdom and experience I have with anyone willing to receive it. There so much to wonder at and love in these times too. So much amazing awakening happening. And so many more beautiful people actively participating, giving everything, even their very lives to this saving grace. I love, honour and respect every one. Namaste
Beautiful writings and confirmation of my own listenings of water. It brought tears to my eyes. Ive been singing to water a lot this year and it seems to love it
Dear Alison yes Water does seem to respond well to songs, i sing to her in the shower, when by a river and in front of a glass of water imagining that each drop is carrying my blessings to all the other drops covering the earth membrane with blessings…it feels good :-)
This is deeply moving and something that I hear and understand deeply. I am in the South of England. I would like to perform a water ceremony but do not know where to start, or how to conduct it. Do you post information about this? I would really appreciate some guidance :) thank you for sharing this message sister <3
Dear Katherine yes I can do that and if you register for a newsletter we can stay in contact. I will also offer a workshop in Jan 20-21st to make our own Altar clothe to deepen and reawaken our capacity to communicate directly with all beings…as we all use to know how :-) I am really filled with joy that Water is getting more and more of us to listen, respond and open our heart. One thing you can always do is SING when you shower, when you seat with water, when you are having a bath…water loves our singing, each drop passes it on to the one next to it spreading that song all over our Earth and inside our body to. x Azul
I have been awakening too. This message opened my heart fully and I feel the grief. Thank you. I love. I am loved. I speak truths for others to understand. I hope it is enough ❤
Dear Carol thank you, yes I know that it is enough until I fall asleep again and my heart hardens then I pray to know to ask for a hug from a dear friend human or other...
Thank you for sharing this. My friends and I have been doing healing ceremonies for water and Mother Earth and the collective and they are always intense. Several of us often charge and gift crystals back to the earth while we are hiking, offering blessings and healing from what mankind has done to it. The more time I spend in nature, the more I hear the messages. Many blessings on your journey!
Dear Karen it is so good to read what you and your friends are doing, thank you and many blessings as we step into the storm x
Dear Azul, I was deeply moved by your words, especially the message from your river telling you that we, as a species are the ones who need saving. I have been receiving this message too. I live near the ocean and although I see the doom and gloom situation of the world on tv and around us, I feel the power of the ocean and the energies of nature that will prevail regardless of how badly they are treated. I don't know if you have heard of this, but there is a Peace Water Ceremony that happens on the 11th of each month at 12 noon, mid day. Anyone can join in the meditation from their home to share the beautiful healing message. It is non denominational, non political etc, just a message of hope and peace, just like yours. Blessings and peace to you.
Dear Jennifer thank you for your lovely message. I do not know about the monthly prayer is there something online about it? Blessings
Thank you, I am grateful for your words. My words pale in comparison to what I feel in my heart for nature and all its sentient beings but that your words express. My prayer is that your message touches those that need to understand and come home, yes come home to all of nature. Nature is us.
Beautiful words, deeply felt in my hole beeing. Thank you.
I stopped at this sentence: "When you create containers of sacred beauty that opens your Heart..."
Containers of sacred beauty...? I feel that is so profound...
And it is Said 5 years..? I'm in a conflict economically? I dont know where to focus right now...
Because what would a Collapse of the system mean? Should I get myself a job and make myself free from debt...and Build this small cabbin in the nature? Because that could be a very nice container of sacred beauty...? Or should I continue My way...I just recieved a spot in a NGO Company called "Rethink Human Being" and I just love this place... I will be there for free...but all I have been doing the last 4 years, feels like I can make a progress and a difference in the World with all I've learned.
And My heart is in a way both places. Because I'm a single mom fulltime with two kids. We live in Denmark and the father lives in the US.
But I would like to be able to take care of them - when the Collapse comes (and this Collapse - i have felt it for 7 years, but never taken that feeling to serious). Neither do I do now. Because I feel it is for the better of all Human beings. It's gonna be rough - but it's gonna be good. But nevertheless I would like to be able to have places me and My kids in a profound and safe surrounding - without the banks Chasing us. But I also feel a deep call for this project: Rethink Human Being. Because this is what is all about!?!? And I feel this SO deep. And I've felt it for years now...and all of sudden this opportunity came by...easy and as if it was me given...?
I swim in the sea - here in Denmark - every day, every morning, and have a deep connection to the ocean.
Thank you for sharing this message Azul. It truly resonates with me. Like with the changing seasons, things have to pass away in order for new life to emerge. The energy lives on. Grief helps us come to terms with what's come to pass and opens our hearts when we feel frozen in fear. We need to focus positively our energy, feelings and thoughts onto what we wish to build for the future and act in the present. Swallow by swallow we will make summer. I believe that we are in/on time :)
I am old and need to be a part of this circle. Blessed Be toDavid McDonald and Theo Duchen are co-founders and, interestingly, co-CEOs of Acturis. Both men were previously partners at McKinsey & Company.
David Mcdonald became a partner in 1996 and co-led McKinsey’s ecommerce practice in the UK. Theo Duchen became a partner in 1997 and led McKinsey’s general insurance practice in the UK. He has worked extensively with both insurers and major international brokers for several years.
Theo Duchen studied at the Univeristy of Cape Town and then moved to the faculty of actuaries. Mcdonald qualified as a chartered accountant and received an MBA from INSEAD, France. They both became co-founders and chief executives of Acturis in 2001 and still hold their positons.
Acturis is an IT technology provider to the insurance industry, providing front and back-office systems to brokers and underwriters. “Over the past three years, Acturis has prospered operationally and financially, growing our revenues at a 45 per cent cumulative annual growth rate and generating strong cash flows,” says McDonald.
Acturis has received a minority investment from the private-equity firm Summit Partners. Summit’s strategy is to seek “outstanding management teams that have built their companies to market leadership.”
Duchen says he hopes the deal will “further leverage our success and continued growth strategy in the UK and in Europe.
Han Sikkens, a principal of Summit Partners who will join the Acturis board of directors, comments: “Acturis has demonstrated rapid growth and counts most of the leading insurers and brokers in the UK as its customers. The highly competitive UK insurance industry continues to seek efficiencies in administration and distribution, and other European markets can also benefit from the Acturis business model; Acturis, with its highly scalable, modern and flexible technology, is ideally positioned to serve this marketplace.”
Here’s Summit Partners’ investment approach:
Summit Partners makes growth equity investments in rapidly growing companies with proven business models, records of revenue and earnings growth, and the leadership capable of sustaining that growth. Often, these companies are looking for a partner to help them achieve scale and expand geographically.
We invest in growth companies across all industry categories. The primary industries in which we have invested to date include business services, communications technology and services, consumer products, education, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, industrial products, Internet and information services, media and entertainment, semiconductors and electronics, and software.
Owner Control
At Summit, we believe that great companies are built by great management teams—not by investors. We frequently make minority investments that leave owners in full control of their companies, and we serve as active board members experienced in guiding companies through growth stages—advising on board and management recruiting, geographic expansion, acquisitions, financial reporting and management systems.
Little to No Leverage
We structure investments with little to no debt because excessive interest and principal payments can constrain a company’s ability to grow. However, there are instances where leverage —when used in the correct amounts and for the right purposes—can be a critical part of a company’s balance sheet. In these instances, we can offer subordinated debt financing in conjunction with growth equity.
Flexible Investment Size
We are flexible on financing terms and make certain that investor and company interests are aligned. We will invest as little as $5 million to more than $800 million per company in combined growth equity and subordinated debt. Our transactions are structured to foster long-term growth, ensure financial stability, and maximize shareholder value. Frequently, we are the first institutional investor. We usually are the lead investor and often the sole investor. We are currently investing nearly $6 billion worldwide in capital.Carlyle buys Japan advertising business
The Carlyle Group has completed its acquisition of Japanese advertising content provider AOI TYO Holdings follow a tender offer that valued the Tokyo-listed company at JPY21.4 billion ($191 million).
Working in conjunction with Yasuhito Nakae and Hiroaki Uekubo, AOI TYO’s CEO and COO, respectively, the private equity firm submitted an offer of JPY900 per share on May 14. This represented a 52.3002011115623 has 16 divisors (see below), whose sum is σ = 3237326217216. Its totient is φ = 2767324341600.
The previous prime is 3002011115599. The next prime is 3002011115659. The reversal of 3002011115623 is 3265111102003.
It is a happy number.
It is not a de Polignac number, because 3002011115623 - 221 = 3002009018471 is a prime.
It is a congruent number.
It is not an unprimeable number, because it can be changed into a prime (3002011155623) by changing a digit.
It is a polite number, since it can be written in 15 ways as a sum of consecutive naturals, for example, 90539098 + ... + 90572248.
It is an arithmetic number, because the mean of its divisors is an integer number (202332888576).
Almost surely, 23002011115623 is an apocalyptic number.
3002011115623 is a deficient number, since it is larger than the sum of its proper divisors (235315101593).
3002011115623 is a wasteful number, since it uses less digits than its factorization.
3002011115623 is an evil number, because the sum of its binary digits is even.
The sum of its prime factors is 42414.
The product of its (nonzero) digits is 1080, while the sum is 25.
Adding to 3002011115623 its reverse (3265111102003), we get a palindrome (6267122217626).
The spelling of 3002011115623 in words is "three trillion, two billion, eleven million, one hundred fifteen thousand, six hundred twenty-three".
• e-mail: info -at- numbersaplenty.com • Privacy notice • done in 0.100 sec. • engine limits •COURSE DESCRIPTION
The basic health check course introduces you to a daily health check routine specifically created for sleddogs. The routine is simple enough to become a daily routine, easily performed during feeding, cuddling, at stakeout and on other occasions spent together with your dog. It is created for you quickly and easily identify and prevent upcoming health issues. The health check is designed to target the most common sleddog specific health issues. After finishing the Basic Health Check Online Course, you will get access to the Intermediate Health Check Online Course that goes deeper into your dogs physiology, functions and needs as a sleddog.
LEARNING OUTCOMES
When completed this course you..
- ..know a handful of sleddog specific health issues that needs regular checkups
- ..know your dogs’ health status on the sleddog specific health issues
- ..practiced a systematic routine for health checks
- ..found a suitable space and time for your sleddogs daily health checks
CERTIFICATION
Participants finishing the course with 100% of total results will access a personal printable certificate of achievement.
References used in this course:
Bellows, J. (2021). Fractured Teeth in Dogs.
Frandsen, L. (2018). Hunden är röd i ögonen.
Laflamme, D. (1997). Development and validation of a body condition score system for dogs. Canine Practice, 22(4), pp. 10-15
Williams, K. (2021). Obesity in dogs.
Course Features
- Lectures 13
- Quizzes 6
- Duration 6 weeks
- Skill level Beginner
- Language English
- Students 37
- Certificate Yes
- Assessments Self
- Basic Health Check Intro
The basic health check routine simple enough to become a daily routine. It is created for you quickly and easily identify and prevent upcoming health issues. The health check is designed to target the most common sleddog specific health issues.
- You and Your Sleddog.
- The Sleddog Eyes
The eyes of dogs are more delicate than the human eyes. Their eyes are often exposed to dirt or snow and need to regular examinations. The sleddogs eyes can also indicate that your dog needs another rest day or two.
- The Sleddog Teeth
Did you know that by examine your dogs teeth you can anticipate several life-threatening conditions? Teeth injuries are common in sleddogs and are easily overseen.
- The Sleddog Hydration Status
Water is the single most important nutrient in your dog. Evaluating your dogs levels of hydration is important not only for daily health maintenance but for prevention of life threatening body conditions.
- The Sleddog Balance - A Shortcut to the Physical Status
Dogs hide their pain instinctively. This means that small injuries are rarely recognised until they cause mayor problems. But the dogs balance rarely lies.
- The Sleddog Foot
The sleddogs' feet is an area great enough to cover for its own set of courses. It is, however, impossible to adress the fundamental sleddog health issues without mentioning the feet.
- Body Condition Scores.
- A Summary of the Basic Health Check Online Course
Time to summarise and put the pieces together. The Basic Health Check is created to easily be integrated into your everyday life, also when you have many dogs. When you know what to look for, you will manage to do the health check within a minute.Doing a unit on fish and seafood can be expensive. However,.
Objective
- 8.5.5 Prepare various meats, seafood, and poultry using safe handling and professional preparation techniques.
Set
- Ask students to talk about which types of fish they have eaten and which ones they like and why.
Materials
- Fillet knife
Instructions
When butchering fish, there are really only three different ways to cut:
- “up and over” (used for cutting fish with hard bones, it involves cutting along and then next to the backbone and then over the rib cage)
- “straight cut” (used for cutting fish with soft bones, it involves cutting through the pin bones and through the rib cage which is removed afterwards)
- “flat cut” (used for cutting flat fish, you cut down the backbone and then over the other bones in a flat motion).
If you are comfortable with those cutting methods you can cut almost any fish, but what is difficult is how delicate the flesh is.
Labs
Activities
- Day 1: Guest Speaker from local fish market or Whole Foods
- Explain the classification of fish and shellfish.
- Show how to select fresh fish and shellfish.
- Explain how to handle and store fresh fish and shellfish.
- Eviscerate, clean, skin, and fillet fish.
- Prepare a variety of fish cuts.
- Clean and prepare shellfish for cooking.
- Day 2: Basic broiled fish lab (demo if you can’t afford to have whole class make it)
- Day 3: Grilled Salmon lab (demo if you can’t afford to have whole class make it)
Projects
- Controversies in Fish (Farmed vs. Wild Caught)
- Have students answer the question, “Which is better for you: farm raised or wild caught fish?” You can have them answer this question in the form of a presentation, poster, paper, etc.
- Have students work on this project as time allows on days 1,2,3 above.
Videos
Works Cited
Similar Lessons
Thank you for showing how to properly fillet a fish. It does require some skill to avoid meat being left behind. The more often you do it, the better one gets. Flounder is especially difficult because the fillets are so thin.2171 Monroe Ave, Rochester, NY 14618
License #: 10491200623
We at RE/MAX Plus consistently provide our clients with an unequaled level of service in their Real Estate purchases and sales. Our experts service the surrounding suburbs, and select towns in Wayne County, Ontario County, and Livingston County.
County Map
The Greater Rochester Area (Monroe County) consists of the center City of Rochester and its surrounding suburbs. Often we divide the area into East and West Sides with the Genesee River serving as the boundry. When referring to the Central City of Rochester, The City is often referred to as North East, North West, South East, and South West. The City is also sectioned of into wards which you might see in our property search section. There are 23 Wards with the even numbered ones being on the West Side and the odd being on the East Side of the city.
The towns and suburbs in Monroe County we represent include: West Side – Brockport Village, Clarkson, Chili, Hamlin, Hilton Village, Greece, Ogden, Parma, Gates, Sweden, Clarkson, Riga, Wheatland, Spencerport Village, and Scottsville Village.
Eastern Suburbs include: East Irondequoit, West Irondequoit, Webster Village, Webster, Brighton, West Brighton, Penfield, Perinton, Fairport Village, Pittsford, Pittsford Village, Henrietta, West Henrietta, Mendon, Honeoye Falls, East Rochester, and Rush.
Monroe County
What Ever Your Needs:
Single family home on a quiet street in one of our suburbs? Water front property? Golf courses? City home? New construction? Farms? Gentlemen Farms? Small Towns? River front homes? Condos? Lofts? Town Homes? What ever you are looking for we can assist you in your home search, negotiations, and a smooth transaction.. I have designed this site to provide both buyers and sellers with a one-stop source for information so that you can comfortably move ahead in your home sale, purchase, or relocation move. If you find that any of your questions remain unanswered then please feel free to contact me at either BuynSell@Rochester.rr.com or by phoning me at 585-600-5333.
Looking for homes? Search everything the web has to offer, right here! Don't miss our Feature Homes.
Need local real estate information? We've summarized much of what is important about the Rochester Rochester REALTORS®, we have the experience and track record you are looking for. Please let us help.
- The Jeff Scofield TeamSigma Xi Offers Research Grants to Students August 25, 2017 Sigma Xi invites undergraduate and graduate students to apply to its Grants-in-Aid of Research (GIAR) program by October 1, 2017. The application is on Sigma Xi’s website at. Endowment Distributes First Grant The new Claude C. Barnett Grants-in-Aid of Research Endowment Fund distributed its first grant this spring. Carolyn Shasha, a doctoral candidate at the University of Washington, is using the $800 grant to support her research project on magnetic particle imaging (MPI), a new medical imaging method that uses magnetic nanoparticles. It is currently being developed as a cheaper, faster alternative to magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). “My goal is to develop a method for creating multicolor images with MPI so that, for example, blood, healthy tissue, and cancer cells could appear on an image in different colors,” said Shasha. Her project involves using computer simulations to identify the experimental conditions necessary for creating a multicolor image. She is spending August testing the method at a functioning prototype MPI system at the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf. This is her first grant and she is using it to support her travel costs to and from Germany, and to meet and work with leaders there and gain access to state-of-the-art equipment. “I believe that nanotechnology will play an extremely important role in the development of future medical technologies,” Shasha said. “I enjoy the challenge of trying to figure out exactly what’s going on with these tiny particles, while at the same time contributing to a broader field that will hopefully soon be translated into clinical applications.” Barnett was a Sigma Xi member for 60 years and served as president of the Whitman College–Walla Walla University Chapter in Washington state. Climate Science Research Grants Now Available GIAR will accept applications for climate science research grants for the first time this fall. “Sigma Xi recognizes that climate change is a critical, interdisciplinary issue that has important scientific as well as societal implications,” said Peter J. Harries, chair of the GIAR committee. “This importance is the crux of the Society’s support for up-and-coming researchers who are pursuing research in the myriad disciplines that enhance our understanding of the topic. By adding this new category to the grants program, we aim to promote the continued development of this growing field.” The new climate science category is related to an upcoming event Sigma Xi will host on November 10 in Raleigh, North Carolina. The Symposium on Atmospheric Chemistry, Climate, and Health will feature five researchers who will discuss climate change and its effects on global and human health. Sigma Xi’s Student Research Conference will follow on November 11. How to Support Student Research GIAR will reach its centennial year in 2022, thanks in large part to individual donors. Sigma Xi’s goal is to increase financial support for GIAR so it can help more students. If you would like to support student..944
.944
2,134
Finalists announced for 2019 Mike Richter Award
Let’s Play Hockey is proud to announce the five finalists for the 2019 Mike Richter Award, which honors the most outstanding goaltender in NCAA men’s hockey. The sixth annual award will be presented on Friday, April 12 at the 2019 NCAA Men’s Frozen Four in Buffalo, N.Y.
In alphabetical order, following are the finalists for the 2019 Mike Richter Award:
The finalists combine for a 1.93 goals-against average, a .930 save percentage and a grade-point average of 3.32.
Joey Daccord • Arizona State • Junior
Joey Daccord backstopped the 14th-ranked Sun Devils to the program’s first appearance in the NCAA Tournament, while posting a 21-12-1 overall record, 2.36 goals-against average, .926 save percentage and seven shutouts. The native of North Andover, Mass., ranks first in the nation in shutouts, seventh in wins, 10th in save percentage and saves, and 26th in goals-against average. The junior netminder played 99 percent of Arizona State’s minutes, allowing two goals or less 20 times and posting a 6-3-1 record in one-goal games. Daccord stopped 30 or more shots in 14 games – including a 45-save 4-0 shutout win at Princeton on Dec. 7 – and posted a .930 or better save percentage in 19 games. A seventh-round selection by the Ottawa Senators in the 2015 NHL Draft, Daccord is a sports business major at Arizona State.
Jake Kielly • Clarkson • Junior
Jake Kielly is a member of the ECAC All-Conference Second Team and was a finalist for the ECAC Goaltender of the Year Award. A native of Eden Prairie, Minn., Kielly posted a 26-10-2 record and ranks first in the nation in wins, fifth in shutouts (5), sixth in minutes played (2250:00), seventh in goals-against average (1.89), eighth in save percentage (.929) and 15th in saves (931). In backstopping Clarkson to a third-place tie in the ECAC and the nation’s No. 7 ranking, Kielly posted eight games with 30 or more saves and earned a .930 or better save percentage in 21 games this season. The junior was named MVP of the Desert Hockey Classic, gained ECAC Hockey Goaltender of the Month honors for October and January, and earned ECAC Hockey Goaltender of the Week accolades three times this season. Kielly is a financial information & analysis major at Clarkson.
Cayden Primeau • Northeastern • Sophomore
An All-Hockey First Team selection, Cayden Primeau led the fifth-ranked Huskies to a tie for second place in Hockey East while leading the conference in save percentage (.936) and wins (25). A native of Voorhees, N.J., he posted a 25-9-1 overall record and ranks second in the nation in save percentage and wins, fifth in winning percentage (.729), eighth in saves (1012), 10th in goals-against average (2.00), tied for 10th in shutouts (4) and 11th in minutes played (2069:09). The sophomore netminder played over 89 percent of the Huskies’ minutes, allowing two goals or less 24 times, including the last eight games.. A seventh-round selection by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2017 NHL Draft, Primeau is a criminal justice & psychology major at Northeastern.
Hunter Shepard • Minnesota Duluth • Junior
Hunter Shepard backstopped the second-ranked Bulldogs to a second-place finish in the NCHC and a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament while earning NCHC Goaltender of the Year and All-NCHC First Team honors. The junior from Cohasset, Minn., owns a 25-11-2 record and ranks tied for second in the nation in wins, tied for third in shutouts (6), fourth in minutes played (2304:41), sixth in goals-against average (1.87), 10th in winning percentage (.684) and 23rd in save percentage (.918). A three-time NCHC Goalie of the Week honoree, Shepard has played over 98 percent of the Bulldogs’ minutes this season. The NCHC Player of the Year finalist and 2018 Mike Richter Award semifinalist has allowed two goals or less 28 times and has posted a .930 or better save percentage in 19 games. Shepard is a business major at Minnesota Duluth.
Andrew Shortridge • Quinnipiac • Junior
Andrew Shortridge leads the nation in goals-against average (1.51) and save percentage (.941) for the eighth-ranked Bobcats. The ECAC Goalie of the Year and an All-ECAC First Team selection led Quinnipiac to a share of the ECAC regular season championship, posting a 17-6-2 overall record. A native of Anchorage, Alaska, he ranks seventh in the nation in winning percentage (.720), tied for 10th in shutouts (4) and 15th in wins. Shortridge began the season splitting time with sophomore netminder Keith Petruzzelli, but assumed the starting job in late-December. The junior goalie stopped 30 or more shots in five games this season, and posted a .930 or better save percentage in 19 games. Shortridge’s goals-against average and save percentage are on pace to break the single-season Quinnipiac records. Shortridge is a mechanical engineering major at Quinnipiac.
The 2019 Mike Richter Award will be announced at 5 p.m. ET on Friday, April 12 from the KeyBank Rink at The Rinks at Harborcenter in Buffalo, N.Y., during the 2019 NCAA Frozen Four. The announcement, held prior to the Hobey Baker Award presentation, will be streamed live at.
Candidates for the)
NOTES: All five semifinalists are Americans • The finalists represent four different U.S. states – Minnesota (2), Alaska (1), Massachusetts (1), New Jersey (1) • Conference breakdown – ECAC 2, Hockey East 1, NCHC 1, Independent 1 • The finalists include four juniors and one freshman • Three of the finalists played in the USHL prior to college, followed by one each in the BCHL and NAHL.Ratchet & Clank: Rift Aside Is Simply Unbelievably Good Trying in Prolonged PS5 Gameplay
As promised, PlayStation dropped over quarter-hour of recent Ratchet & Clank: Rift Aside gameplay in its newest State of Play broadcast. To be frank, the upcoming PS5 unique seems completely ridiculous. The visible constancy on show right here is actually absurd at instances, to the purpose the place we nearly cannot imagine what we’re .
Probably the most insane half, although? It is bought to be these load instances — or lack thereof. It has been highlighted earlier than, however Rift Aside makes full use of the PS5’s lightning quick SSD. The sport can load completely completely different environments nearly immediately, permitting Ratchet — or new character Rivet — to leap by way of completely different dimensions in seamless style. It is, as editor Sammy Barker would say, “bonkers”.
There’s rather a lot to glean from this prolonged gameplay demonstration as nicely. Ratchet is now extra cell than ever earlier than, and the aforementioned rifts allow you to navigate battlefields at breakneck velocity. Not solely does it look superb, Rift Aside seems to be a blast to play.
How hyped are you for Ratchet & Clank’s PS5 debut? Surprise how Insomniac Video games does it within the feedback part beneath.We always get excited at the beginning of a new year; it’s like a big blank slate waiting to be filled with all sorts of fantastic new memories. Start off 2015 feeling fit and refreshed at XYZ’s studio – this really is the ultimate place to kick start your fitness reboot! Trust us, you’ll be looking fit as a fiddle in no time if you try out XYZ’s spinning classes (just check out our review here). If you haven’t tried spinning before then don’t freak out –XYZ have you covered with their First Mission Series!
The First Mission series is perfect for new riders… especially if you’re slowly getting into a new exercise routine, (we’ll admit we’re a bit apprehensive about exercising… we can barely move after eating all that leftover turkey!). It includes three rides that are valid for one month from the date of purchase, giving you the perfect amount of time to really experience the XYZ concept. Ease yourself in and we can guarantee that you’ll fall in love with spinning when you see how quickly you’ll whip back into shape!
XYZ provides fun workouts that actually deliver results and the luxurious studio (or ‘cave’) is the perfect escape from the buzz of hectic Hong Kong life. Tune out as you cycle and get away from it all… just 50 minutes of this utter seclusion will do wonders for your mind, body and spirit. Sounds perfect for busy Sassy girls on the go! Time to stick to those resolutions and try something new, get back into shape and have fun while you do it.
A single XYZ class costs $350. Shoe rental is included for all classes. There are series available of different sizes and the more classes you buy the more money you save, see more info here; see the full class schedule here. The first Mission series is $500. For further enquiries, email trinity@youarexyz.com.
XYZ Studio, 2/F New World Tower II, 18 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong, 2865 0999,
Venue
Roof Garden – VRC
For the first time, Peter Rowland is pleased to offer bookings for 2020 and 2021 within the Roof Garden, located at the top of the prestigious Club Stand at Victoria Racing Club in Flemington.
The Roof Garden’s indoor-meets-outdoor designer space offers everything you need for a wedding, party or product launch. The iconic surroundings, up-town glamour and spectacular views of the Melbourne city skyline will mesmerise your guests. Enjoy a summer’s day or watch the sunset and city sparkle at night from the leafy garden terrace.
The adjacent function room boasts the latest in contemporary interior design including a striking skylight. It’s the perfect space for wedding receptions, banquets, indoor cocktail receptions and presentations. Our experienced events team will collaborate with you to add impact, creativity, outstanding food and beverages and a host of personal touches for your upcoming event.
Supermarkets have been making changes to the way they are delivering food to people's homes.
As coronavirus fears grow, more and more people are avoiding going out and are turning to supermarkets' home delivery services.
Some customers currently have to wait up to a week for a delivery slot and supermarkets are working "at full capacity" to meet the increased demand.
Some of them will be able to make late-night deliveries. Current rules mean that deliveries are banned overnight so that vehicles do not disturb residents.
But the government confirmed this week it "will temporarily relax the enforcement of restrictions" to "give greater flexibility", Bristol Live reports.
New measures to avoid contagion have also been put in place.
Here are the changes supermarkets have made to their delivery services:
Tesco
Tesco Clubcard members have been sent an email with new instructions.
They must now state whether they are self-isolating.
Drivers are no longer allowed to enter homes and put food into plastic bags which are left outside the front door.
Asda
Asda is urging customers to be more flexible when booking a delivery slot.
All drivers are equipped with sanitizer spray and disposable gloves. Customers who are self-isolating should state so.
The supermarket's website reads: "We do have capacity to take on more orders - however we would ask customers who can be flexible in their delivery slots to consider less popular delivery times.
"All of our drivers are also equipped with sanitiser spray so they can continually ensure our delivery operation remains clean and hygienic and totes can be wiped down where necessary..
"Should any of our customers be self-isolating, we would ask that they advise us of this in the ‘Other Information’ section when placing their order and tell us where they would like us to leave their order (e.g. on the doorstep, at the front gate etc). Our drivers will then wear disposable gloves when delivering orders and use bags to deliver shopping, rather than plastic totes.
"Our drivers will leave the order at the requested location and make the customer aware the delivery has arrived by ringing the doorbell or knocking on the door. If the shopping isn’t collected quickly, drivers will call the customer. If the customer does not respond then the order will be cancelled and taken back to store with the customer receiving a full refund."
Morrisons
Morrisons' new rules are similar.
Since March 13 customers have been asked to book their slots further in advance than usual.
"You will also discover that there is a maximum order number on selected products so we can make sure our customers still have access to essential products," a statement on the Morrisons website reads.
"When it's time for your order to be delivered, it's essential that you let us know if you are self-isolating so our delivery drivers can take the necessary precautions when fulfilling your order. This will include placing your order on your doorstep and contacting you via telephone to ensure it's received.
"As such, please make sure your contact details are up to date in your account, and update us on your isolation status under the 'delivery instructions' section of your account.
"Please also be aware that, as a temporary measure, our delivery drivers will be unable to bring your shopping into your home, or to take your bags away with them. Please hang onto them and return them to us in due course, when we'll ensure you're refunded for them as usual.
"Thank you for your ongoing support as we work through these challenges."Used Benninghoven Mba 160 for sale. Benninghoven equipment ...
/ h) 160 Drying ca...Learn More
Benninghoven MBA160 - Autocardan.eu
MOBILE ASPHALT MIXING PLANTS TYPE MBALearn More
Asphalt Plant BENNINGHOVEN 160 t/h - maquiytec.com
- Used special equipment reselling - good equipment - low price!Learn More
Benninghoven MBA 160, 2004, Russia - Used asphalt mixing ...
On Mascus UK you can find Benninghoven MBA 160 asphalt mixing plants. The price of this Benninghoven MBA 160 is - and it was produced in 2004. This machine is located in - Russia. On Mascus UK you can find Benninghoven MBA 160 and much more other models of asphalt mixing plants.Learn More
TRANSPORTABLE ASPHALT MIXING PLANTS TYPE TBA
BENNINGHOVEN GMBH & CO. KG HIGHEST QUALITY STATE OF THE ARTLearn More
benninghoven asphalt plants - hysionmachinery.com
>>IMAGE
Mobil Asfalt Üretim Tesisleri MBA Asfalt Plenti -
beninhowen asphalt plant - hysionmachinery.com
specification of MBA 1250 asphalt mixing plant
.Learn More
Used Benninghoven asphalt mixing plants for sale from Russia ...
Used Benninghoven asphalt mixing plants for sale from Russia available on Mascus. Browse ads from category Benninghoven asphalt mixing plants coming from Russia. You can also broaden your search to Benninghoven asphalt mixing plants coming from all over the world.Learn More
Second hand Benninghoven asphalt machines ads for sale ...
Benninghoven Dryer Drum TT10.24 Gross Weight: 30000, Movement type: Static, Processing capacity: 260, Transport dimensions (LxWxH): 11.7 x 3.1 x 3.1 , Production country: DE Asphalt mixing plants 2008Learn More
Construction equipment | Benninghoven asphalt machines for ...
Browse.Learn More
- Benninghoven - Mascus Ireland
Benninghoven MBA 160. Asphalt mixing plants 2004 Russia. POA. Benninghoven 160, 240. Asphalt machine accessories Russia. 90 EUR. Benninghoven BA 5000 U Grading (1-5 ...Learn More
Benninghoven MBA 2000 160-180 t/h 08g | Autocardan.eu
Benninghoven asphalt mixing plants for sale - Mascus Canada
your eye and then choose one of the options above.Learn More
PRODUCT RANGE - Asfalt Plenti & Benninghoven Asfalt Plent Tesisi
plants from BENNINGHOVEN to be set up close to the construction site, providing a constantly high asphalt quality. Thanks to the intelligent concept, construction sites can be handled flexibly and efficiently. MOBILE ASPHALT MIXING PLANTS – TYPE MBA MBA 2000 MBA 3000 Cold feed system Number of hoppers Mobile 5-fold cold feed system Capacity 3 ...Learn More
RADMOBILE ASPHALTMISCHANLAGEN TYP MBA
Herstellung von Asphalt zwingend notwendig, um die ... MBA 1250 MBA 2000 MBA 3000. Mischleistung (t/h) 100 160 240 ... MBA 1250 MBA 2000 MBA 3000. Steuerung ...Learn More
Production - Euroconstruct89
1. AMMANN type MEA asphalt mixing installation – capacity of 160 t / h AMMANN type MEA-160. 2. BENNINGHOVEN type MBA 2500 mobile asphalt mixing installation – capacity of 200 t / h The two stations can produce a very wide range of asphalt mixtures, which comply with the provisions of Romanian and European legislation. Types of Asphalt Mixtures:Learn More
asphalt machinery used construction machinery on RESALE.INFO
BENNINGHOVEN MBA 160. Asphalt Plant. Seller: Scandinavian & UK Machines VS request quote. Model year: 2008 Working tonnage: 750.000 tons Needs maintenance ...Learn More
for sale mobile asphalt mixing plant with 160 t h - DCSM400 ...
2017 - drying drum Benninghoven 2.200 x 10.000 mm / 160to./h. reconditioned in 2016 ...Learn More
Asphalt plants, used | Product categories | Autocardan.eu
Asphalt mixing plants Ammann (10) Asphalt plants, used (15) Carnehl (12) ... Benninghoven MBA 2000 160-180 t/h 08g; Ammann 280t/h 11g; Gibat-Madro 120t/h 00g; Wibau ...Learn More
Used asphalt machines ads for sale from Russia - Mascus UK
Benninghoven MBA 160. Asphalt mixing plants 2004 Russia. POA. РТ 60 Production country: RU. Asphalt mixing plants 2013 Russia, Саратов ...Learn More
Container Type Asphalt Plants – ECO - Tekno Asfalt
CONTAINER TYPE ASPHALT PLANTS ECO ASPHALT PLANT. Among the most important features of “Container Type Portable Asphalt Plants” (ECO) which has high mobile capabilities, there exists that its main components are at standard container dimensions and therefore it may be transported easily by trucks, ships and by rail road.Learn More
Anunturi cu Benninghoven masini asfalt second hand de vanzare ...
Cautati Benninghoven utilaje asfalt second hand? Contactati direct vanzatorul de Benninghoven utilaje asfalt de vanzare. Click pe imagine sau marca/model pentru mai multe detalii - RomâniaLearn More
ammann asphalt plant used 160 th - baden-basket.fr
. Get PriceLearn More
modernization of MBA 2000 asphalt mixing equipment
/ … Asphalt mixing plant supplier in China -- Doan machineryLearn More
Projects 2008-2009 - Scandinavian & UK Machines
2008 March - New mobile asphalt plant Benninghoven MBA 160, "Drum construct" company, Roumania. 2008 May - Mobile plant Fibo Intercon 2200. new one. 2008 July - Mobile plant Fibo Intercon 2200. new one. "M-stream" company. 2008 July - Mobile plant Fibo Intercon 2200. new one. 2008 August - Mobile plant Intercon B15.Learn More
Asphalt plant for sale, used asphalt plant, asphalt mixing plant
Asphalt plants: 151 offer, search and find ads for new and used asphalt plants for sale, asphalt mixing plant, asphalt batching plant, mobile asphalt plant, portable asphalt plant, mobile asphalt mixing plant — Autoline South AfricaLearn More
Benninghoven Staţii de asfalt Anunţ publicitar ...
Benninghoven Fully serviced in 2020! TBA-200 (200 t/h) Stationary plant 2016, second-hand 211 24 MALMÖ, Suedia USED STATIONARY ASPHALT MIXING PLANT TBA-200-K/U The plant is designed for a production of 200 t/h of road mix with a fin…Learn More>>:
1. Shorten Your Lead-Capture Forms
A long lead-capture form is one of the quickest ways to scare potential leads away from your landing page and make them question, “Do I really want to fill all this out?” Ask only for the information you need to contact and adequately qualify your driver leads, and understand that there is a delicate balance between quantity and quality.
2. Create Targeted Landing Pages
The more targeted your landing pages are, the more aligned they’ll be to your specific visitors’ needs, making it much more likely they’ll be enticed to convert. If you’re promoting a landing page to a segment of your prospects that you’ve identified as having a particular need, tailor the landing page to speak to those needs and address those topics.
3. Remove Top/Side/Bottom Navigation
If driver prospects make their way to your landing page, don’t you want to keep them there? Streamline the conversion process by removing any other top/side/bottom website navigations from your landing pages to keep visitors from feeling compelled to leave.
Once they convert, bring back the navigation and consider including a secondary call-to-action (CTA) on your thank-you page to keep them engaged with your trucking company.
4. Get Rid of Other CTAs on Landing Pages
Just as you should remove navigation links from your landing pages, you also shouldn’t distract them from filling out your app by showcasing other conflicting calls-to-action. Keep your page focused on that one form, and target your efforts on convincing visitors to convert there rather than giving them a reason to go someplace else.
SEE ALSO: Why You Need Landing Pages to Convert Driver Leads
5. Place CTAs on Your Website/Blog
In driver recruiting, not only should you be creating landing pages, but you should also be optimizing your website and blog for conversion, too. The best way to do this is to place relevant calls-to-action on your web pages and blog articles. In fact, the only places you shouldn’t have CTAs are your landing pages, as we discussed earlier.
Think about it… if a driver prospect lands on your blog post from a Google search, you want them to read your blog, then become a lead through your call-to-action.
6. Share Landing Page Links in Social Media
Because social media followers aren’t on your website yet, you need to create as few steps as possible to convert them into a lead. Rather than sending them to your website’s homepage, direct them to the unique landing page.
For tracking purposes, include a snippet so you can measure leads generated from social media.
7. Stick to One CTA in Email Marketing
Just as your landing pages should only be honing in on one offer, so should your email messages. If your company is holding a job fair, send an email blast to qualified driver candidates focused on a few high points of the event, and include a landing page where they can sign up. Rather than splitting their attention amongst tons of other content, focus on the job fair and a landing page to match it.
SEE ALSO: 5 Steps to Create Effective CTAs When Recruiting Drivers
8. Put Landing Page Forms Above the Fold
‘Above lose them.
9. Use Actionable Language
Tell visitors exactly what to do by using actionable, definitive language in your call-to-actions, on your landing pages, and in form ‘submit’ buttons. Examples of this include “Apply Now” and “Sign Up for Newsletter” There should be no guesswork involved in understanding what action the visitor is taking, and what they’re receiving in return.
10. Just Make it Easy
In general, don’t make your visitors jump through all sorts of hoops on your landing pages. Make the process as easy as possible. If you wouldn’t fill out the form or wouldn’t even be able to figure out how to make your way to that landing page in the first place, it’s safe to assume your driver prospects won’t either.
Hope you’ve learned something today! Comment on our blog with your thoughts or questions. Need help improving lead generation in driver recruitment or want more recruiting advertising tips? Contact the Hightower Agency, one of the top driver recruitment advertising agencies in the industry.
{{cta(‘89262e21-53f8-4e2e-a2e9-05563757e2ae’)}}RARE 18th to early 19th century English powder horn, brass-mounted bone, 5.25 inches high. Etched with a a man stalking a pheasant with his dog and long rifle. This is a very rare piece of early scrimshaw.
Vintage Four Feathers Going to the Drill British colonial era lead soldier set circa 1980. Five pieces in the original box. Box measures 13 x 8.75 x 2 inches. Excellent condition.
Vintage set of 5 American painted lead soldiers for War of 1812 in original box c 1980. The original box measures 4.5 x 10 x 2.5 inches. The mark on these soldiers is OPLOS from Argentina. They were made in 1980 for the American market; the makers name is Mr. Janson. The set is #1500.
Vintage.MJ Grizz is making people go crazy in Chicago with his brand new music. MJ is the new sensation with his hot new release of the year. He is back in Action with his sensational new song called “Fell In Love”.
“Fell In Love”
You can also see the famous R&B singer Ye Ali contributing to the sensations in the marvelous track. The song is all about the magic of Chicago girls and the beautiful women of Chicago. The song is all about setting the mood. Girls will definitely love the song.
The rising sensation was of the industry in the recent year. The new hit is also one of the songs from 2020, but he decided to step back, and this time he is back with more swag and style. Fell in Love is one of the early releases of 2021, and there are more songs expected in the upcoming series.
The magical man with a magical voice
MJ GRIZZ’s voice quality is also something that is getting high appreciation among the youngsters. The smooth and decent voice brings the song to life and makes it worth experiencing. In the times of loud music and electro tracks, someone out there is providing the soothing music one really requires.
The real music
Music was never something that would make you high, but it has always been an amazing mix of tones and vocals that is pleasant to hear. MJ Grizz is the man out there who is trying hard to create beautiful music that can help to reduce anxiety and bring peace. The latest tracks by the sensation provide a promising feeling to the audience—a promise and hope of elegant music on the way. The industry and audience are hoping high from MJ, and the man is working hard to keep the hopes alive.Agent of Peace: Emily Hobhouse and Her Courageous Attempt to End the First World War
about
The work of Emily Hobhouse, pacifist, in Britain and Europe during World War I, and her efforts to get peace talks startedIn the Anglo Boer War 1899-1902 Emily Hobhouse championed the cause of the women and children herded into camps by Kitchener's army. By 1914, a confirmed pacifist, she felt passionately that civilians suffered more than combatants. Throughout the war she was anxious for a negotiated peace. In Switzerland, in 1916, through the German Ambassador—extraordinarily.Blackpink's Rosé stuns in her Rs 5 lakh airport outfit 
If you have been active on social media today, you may probably know that the Blackpink girls have taken over the internet with their stunning looks. As Jisoo and Rosé jet off to Paris for the 2022 SS Paris Fashion Week, they made sure to turn the airport into their own personal runway as soon as they stepped out!
Rosé in particular even earned the title of 'Human Saint Laurent', on the lines of 'Human Chanel' that is specifically for fellow group member Jennie. In fact, fact fans were so enthusiastic about this title, that it has been trending since morning with Blinks gushing over her dapper airport look.
Rosie looked like a million bucks as she rocked flared pants with a crop top and blazer to complete the look. To no one's surprise, she decked from head to toe in Saint Laurent, the luxury brand she endorses. The Rs 5 lakh outfit captures her personal style really well and created a frenzy on the internet too!
Take a look at Rosé nailing airport fashion like the fashionista she is:
Check out what she is wearing and how much it costs:
From the trusty old Saint Laurent, Rosé has adorned the wide-leg pants worth Rs 95k, their single-breasted jacket that can go as high as Rs 1.89 lakh, Andy sneakers worth Rs 40.5k and a stunning Kaia bag for a whopping Rs 1.6 lakh. The Blackpink vocalist really does take her brand ambassador duties really seriously!
Apart from these, her outfit is completed by an Alaia Cropped Wool Blend Cardigan that will set you back Rs 53.6k.
If it wasn't clear already, now you see why 'Human Saint Laurent' has been trending on Twitter relentlessly. And this was just the airport look! We can't wait to what storm the girls brew up in the fashion world once they land in Paris.
Blackpink's Rosé achieved a major feat for any artist tonight: attending her very first Met Gala. The K-pop star and Saint Laurent ambassador stepped out on the red carpet alongside Saint Laurent creative director Anthony Vaccarello, wearing a little black dress from the fashion house with a white bow embellishment. She accessorized with choker and dramatic dangle earrings.
Mike CoppolaGetty Images
Mike CoppolaGetty Images
Rosé released her first solo project, -R-, earlier this year. She reflected to Billboardabout that process in April and why she chose to focus her debut single, “On the Ground,” about her career and how she sees herself rather than love or relationships.
“We went through the whole thought process of: ‘What are we going to sing about? What is Rosie going to talk about for a good three minutes by herself?’” she started. ,” she.”
Alyssa BaileyNews and Strategy EditorAlyss_6<<
7 times Rosé from Blackpink rocked a little black dress 
Key Highlights
- Rosé made her MET Gala debut on September 14
- She wore a little black dress by YSL for the occassion
- Her LBD looks over the years have always been quite stunning
Rosé from Blackpink quite literally took the internet by storm as she walked down the red carpet at the MET Gala alongside YSL's creative director Anthony Vaccarello. Apart from the fact that Rosé is one of the first K-Pop female artistes to have ever attended the MET, the Blackpink vocalist also left a mark with her little black dress.
Clad in a mini dress with a statement bow at the front, Rosé was definitely a sight to see. Her modelesque physique and natural beauty too had a major role to play in one of the iconic moments of her career. While we absolutely loved her LBD on the red carpet, this is definitely not the first time she has adorned the look.
Check out 7 times Rosé was a total head-turner in the all too classic little black dress:
Each and every photoshoot of hers is a work of art, but this sultry number made her look even more gorgeous.
Her impeccable fashion sense has made her a front-row favourite at various fashion shows and we can totally see why!
This one is a much more casual look and is perfect with some sneakers and minimalist accessories.
Coachella Blackpink was on a whole another level, but Rosé looked like a total babe with her unruly tresses and that black number.
It's just a simple black dress, but Rosé manages to make it red-carpet-worthy too!
We are convinced that Rosé in mini skirts and the colour black can never go wrong!
This cute little number is hard to look away from, isn't it?
And there you have it! Some of Rosé's iconic LBD moments came before her even more iconic MET Gala debut. Rosé was in attendance at the MET along with former 2NE1 member CL, making them the first two ladies from K-Pop to have ever walked down the red carpet at the elite event. While Rosé of course stunned in a YSL little black dress, CL too was a sight to see in her much more out there Alexander Wang dress.
BLACK Differently—Here’s How
Share This Post
Next Page
Dress blackpink rosé
Well baby, I have prepared your favorite for you today. I said, pulled my dick out of her wet pussy and began. To insert it into the ass.Wearing the same outfit, ITZY Yuna was criticized, but how about BLACKPINK Rosé?
He would fuck me whenever I want and lick my pussy, yes mm. an obedient slave, not like you, headstrong. But where can we find a negro. Yes, you're right, maybe a white man. So that he licks my wet, oozing pussy.
You will also like:
- Persona 5 mc
- The witch reddit
- Jeffers vet supply
- South carolina archives
- Bernina quilting frame
- Extrem cage fighting
- Commissions on deviantart
- Marine rank order
- Concept2 rower parts
- Pennsylvania unemployment compensation
Yen. One could see how wary and careful she was, how carefully she considered everything that was happening. I tried with all my appearance to make her understand that she was safe with me, that I would not do anything that would hurt her.>> so much for adding my Stenciled tray to your features this week !
Thank you for the party and also for the feature. I’m so glad that the party goers enjoyed seeing my new deck! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the party, Andrea and hope your weekend is off to a great start 🙂
Thank you for hosting! My offerings this week include a Raspberry Custard Pie, Michigan Salad, and Chicken and Bacon Mac and Cheese in a Sourdough Bread Bowl . Enjoy your week!
Andrea thank you so much for the feature, I hope you are enjoying your weekend.Benefits Of Climate Controlled Storage Units
June 13, 2014
>>IMAGE at Long Island Moving & Storage would like you to know that the safety of your belongings should be your number one priority.
How can you be certain that your belongings are safely stored in whatever facility you end up choosing? If your facility offers climate control, then your belongings should remain safe! Throughout the year in New York, our temperatures change drastically. Extreme heat and cold can have a serious effect on your belongings, which is why it is so important to choose a facility that is climate controlled for the protection of your stored items. What are the specific benefits of climate controlled storage units? Here they are, from your local moving and storage company professionals at Long Island Moving & Storage.
1. A climate controlled storage facility can help prevent rodent and insect pests from infesting your belongings.
2. Rust, corrosion, mold and mildew can all be avoided in a climate controlled storage facility.
3. Climate controlled facilities can protect items with high monetary value and/or sentimental value from undue harm.
4. Temperature sensitive items (photos and other media, antiques, artwork, electronics, wine, etc) will remain safe in a climate controlled storage facility.
Now, if you think we are exaggerating just a little about the importance of a climate controlled storage facility, you would be incorrect! It’s amazing what temperature extremes can do to stored items! Fabric and paper can become yellowed and degraded. Items made from wood can crack and warp from expanding and contracting in temperature extremes and electronics can be destroyed by dampness and temperature fluctuations. If you care enough about your belongings to make sure they are safely stored, it only makes sense to choose a facility that provides secure storage units with climate controlled conditions. At Long Island Moving & Storage, we provide climate controlled storage in Long Island to protect the stored belongings of all our valuable customers. We also offer units that are protected by a central station burglar-fire alarm and can offer packing and crating services as necessary. Contact us in Long Island to learn more about our climate controlled storage units today!What do you do when you love pirates and you have a spare $2.5 million laying around? Build a pirate ship deck in your home, of course. Oh, and you don’t stop there. You install a movie screen, killer lighting, surround sound and a few rows of chairs that put the local Regal Cinema to shame.
Built by Elite Home Theater Seating, this Florida homeowner’s personal home theater could have doubled as a set for that latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie. Which was obviously the idea.
It’s nice to see that not everyone is hurting in these tough economic times. And in case you were wondering, this luxury, highly customized and very expensive home theater was not made for the homeowner’s kids. According Bobby Bala, President and CEO of Elite Home Theater Seating, the company wanted the client to “feel like a kid again and escape into the fantasy world of their favorite films.”
Fantasy world, indeed.
While I appreciate the attention to detail that went into this project, I do have one real issue. It may be a great setting to watch the Pirates of the Caribbean series, or Peter Pan, or maybe even Master and Commander, but there are going to be some serious incongruities when you try to watch The Proposal or Sex and the City in that room. It’s just not going to feel right.
Unless you have a jug of rum in hand.
All that said, it’s an amazing home theater room. If the company ever goes belly up they could probably get work in Hollywood.
Elite Home Theater SeatingOpenWater is honored to be named to the Inc. 5000 list. This milestone is a testament to our team’s dedication and ability to adapt in today’s ever changing market.
New York, New York (PRWEB) August 24, 2017
Inc. magazine today ranked OpenWater Software, Inc. NO. 20.
“OpenWater is honored to be named to the Inc. 5000 list,” said OpenWater’s CEO, Timothy Spell. “This milestone is a testament to our team’s dedication and ability to adapt in today’s ever changing market. As we pass this milestone and look towards the future we will rely on our steadfast commitment to providing our clients with the very best software and support for their awards.” OPENWATER
OpenWater, a software company based in Washington D.C., provides an awards management software platform that automates and helps to grow your awards and recognition programs. Visit for more information.
ABOUT.For almost 20 years, Jim Ashworth-Beaumont helped build prosthetics for patients who had lost limbs and aided their rehabilitation.
Next week, he will return to work with a different perspective – after losing an arm in a cycling accident.
Six months ago, Jim, a prosthetist and orthotist, was on his way to work at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital in London when he was knocked down by an articulated lorry. The 40-ton truck rolled over the 54-year-old, severing his right arm, and caused so much damage that Jim almost died.
“I was still conscious up until the ambulance arrived and 99% sure I was going to die,” he recalled. “Those were the odds at that moment. I remember the sirens. I remember hearing people talking in the background. It was terrifying.”
Jim, who comes from Edinburgh, was airlifted to hospital where he spent five weeks in a coma. As well as losing his arm above the elbow, he sustained nerve damage in his leg, spinal fractures, broken bones in his face and arms, and a fracture in every single rib in his body. The main artery to his liver was so damaged that doctors had to cut away 80% of the organ to save his life.
“They tidied up what was left of my arm and then I had an awful lot of surgery,” Jim recalled. “A lot of skin was grafted on to my chest and my abdomen where it had been torn away. Thankfully I was asleep throughout. It was so strange. I was dreaming all the time. I thought I was in the afterlife. The weirdest thing was seeing the faces of my wife and kids. I couldn’t work out whether I was dead and they were as well, or whether I was still alive.”
Jim’s family thought he had been through the worst, but worse was yet to come: “My kidneys packed in, I got sepsis and, about a week after the accident, I went into multiple organ failure.”
At one point, Jim’s family were so sure he might not survive that his 25-year-old son Sam stepped in to offer one of his own kidneys to his dad. “When I realised the sacrifice he was prepared to make, I realised just how close to not making it I was,” said Jim. “It makes me quite emotional.”
Thankfully, dialysis helped stabilise his condition and a transplant wasn’t needed. When the dad of two eventually came to, more than a month after the accident in July, he was completely incapacitated.
“I couldn’t speak and didn’t even have the physical strength to hold a pen,” he said. “In fact, the first time I got a word out was at the end of August when my mum came from Edinburgh to see me in hospital. It was her 80th birthday,” he said.
“I think that’s when the fight set in and I told myself I was going to get better. That was the turning point.”
The former Royal Marine left hospital in November and since then has been putting himself through his paces with intense physio and training in the hope of speeding up his recovery.
The competitive runner, cyclist and fitness coach, who had been training for a triathlon at the time of the accident, has recovered to the extent that he is now able to complete 10k runs.
“Before the accident, I was the fittest I could ever be, but I’ve basically had to learn how to do everything again,” said Jim. “Stamina is what I know. And I think that is what has got me through.
“Physically I am different, but mentally there is something I savour about having a challenge. And, with every day feeling like I have an Everest to climb, you can’t say I don’t have a challenge.
“I might not be signing up for triathlons any more, but the challenges are right in front of me. I have had to adapt and learn new things such as left-handed writing and drawing, tying shoelaces and even how to juggle a mobile phone.
“Training within new limitations, such as my breathing, is all new, too. But there is so much I can do. The doctors initially told me I would need to change my mental attitude because it takes time, but that’s not in my nature. I feel most alive when I am pushing myself and am now exercising twice a day, six days a week.”
Jim said his selfless wife Keri had been his rock through everything. “She has helped me every step of the way. Keri has had to live with my frustration at not being able to do the things I did before. She has rearranged our home – and her life – to fit around me. I don’t know where I would be without her.
“On the day of the accident, she was cooking dinner waiting for me to come home. I wasn’t carrying any ID so she hadn’t been notified I was in hospital. When she eventually heard the news and got there, she thought I was going to die.”
Jim, who is due to return to work on February 8, albeit from home, hopes to be fitted with a prosthetic arm and hand which will allow him to get back on to the wards helping patients again, rather than being confined to a research role behind the scenes.
“I love my job. And now I can empathise with my patients even more. I create and fit prosthetics for children who have lost limbs through illness like cancer, adults who have lost arms and legs in traffic accidents, I make spinal braces for people with spinal deformities, and fit splints.
“These things can be gradual or come from sudden, life-changing events, but they impact an ability to do something.
“My role is all about taking a problem and solving it for someone so they can have a better quality of life. But this accident has opened my eyes to so much.
“Even though I’ve worked in the rehabilitation field for almost two decades, I have been surprised by the power of the simple things – extra locks on doors, zips on clothing, toilet roll holders on the right – to show me that functional barriers are still impeding those with differences in ability. I don’t feel as welcome in this society as I used to. An important future goal for me is to incorporate this new level of awareness into my service to patients.”
Jim hopes to have a specialist prosthetic arm fitted using a technique called osseointegration, in which the device is implanted into the bone.
But with the prosthetic and surgery not available on the NHS, treatment will be funded through money collected by Jim’s sisters, Lisa and Nicky, who set up an online appeal while he was still in a coma.
So far, family, friends, colleagues and well-wishers have pledged more than £100,000, about half of the money needed for the new arm and hand, surgery, and long-term maintenance. Jim is hopeful the operation can go ahead this year. “I’m overwhelmed,” he said. “It’s heart-warming to think that so many people have gone above and beyond to help.”
Jim hopes for a hybrid arm with a multi-grip powered hand and rotating wrist, and with a body-powered elbow to get maximum dexterity with low weight. He also hopes to have an activity-specific prosthetic made to balance his body for exercise.
“I make artificial limbs using a high degree of manual dexterity, so losing a hand is a bit of an issue!” said Jim. “The new hand is the most life-like you can get. The NHS prosthetics are great, but they are basic. The hi-tech models are expensive and most need to be funded privately. The hope is that by obtaining a prosthetic with a bit more technology behind it, I’ll be able to carry on doing what I love.”
He added: “What has happened to me has made me realise that you just need to make the best of what you’ve got. The downsides have by far been outweighed by the good.
“And it has been a stark lesson in what’s important in life, and whatever it throws at us, we just have to roll with it and hope for the best.”
Donate at tinyurl.com/jimschallengeBMO Real Estate Investments Ltd - Result of AGM
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
BMO Real Estate Investments Limited
(a closed-ended investment company incorporated in Guernsey with registration number 41870)
LEI Number: 2138001XRCB89W6XTR23
(The “Company”)
18 NOVEMBER 2021
RESULT OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
At the Annual General Meeting of the Company held yesterday, all Ordinary Resolutions set out in the Annual General Meeting Notice sent to Shareholders dated 7 October
That the Directors of the Company be and are hereby generally empowered to allot ordinary shares in the Company or grant rights to subscribe for, or to convert securities into, ordinary shares in the Company (‘‘equity securities’’) for cash, including by way of a sale of ordinary shares held by the Company as treasury shares, as if any pre-emption rights in relation to the issue of shares240,705 being 10 per cent of the issued share capital of the Company, as at 7 October 2021.
Special Resolution 12
That the Company be authorised, in accordance with section 315 of the Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008 (the ‘Law’), to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 316 of the Law) of Ordinary Shares of 1p each (‘‘Ordinary Shares’’) (either for retention as treasury shares or cancellation) provided that:
(a) the maximum number of Ordinary Shares hereby authorised to be purchased shall be 14.99 per cent of the issued Ordinary Shares on the date on which this resolution is passed;
(b) the minimum price which may be paid for an Ordinary Share shall be 1p;
(c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share shall be the higher of (i) 105 per cent of the average of the middle market quotations (as derived from the Daily Official List) for the Ordinary Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of purchase and (ii) the higher of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venue which the purchase is carried out; and
(d) unless previously varied, revoked or renewed, the authority hereby conferred shall expire on 31 December 2022 or, if earlier, at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in 2022, save that the Company may, prior to such expiry, enter into a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares under such authority and may make a purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to any such contract.
Enquiries:
Northern Trust International Fund Administration Services (Guernsey) Limited
The Company Secretary
Trafalgar Court
Les Banques
St Peter Port
Guernsey
GY1 3QL
Tel: 01481 745001Creating with Passion
It all started with a stint at a posh boutique in London when this stylist and makeup artist realized her true passion for leather design and gave us KATRE
In 2007, fashion stylist and makeup artist Kat Erro was a new mom living in London. Whenever she visited boutiques and department stores, she noticed how the British pride themselves in being unique and diverse. The creative Londoners are always making wonderful things; it is a city that loves anything bespoke.
Inspired by this, Erro worked at the luxury department store Harvey Nichols where she experienced firsthand how designers created collections. This stint allowed her to explore more about designing; she took courses in handmade shoemaking, personal styling, and interior decoration, which led her into creating a business enterprise that puts the value on the most important thing: its customers.
Introducing KATRE.
Shirr Kisslock Clutch White Sand
Established in 2009 in a small design studio in Manila, KATRE started out with a 15-piece collection of ladies' ready-to-wear pieces until it found its niche: leather items. KATRE attracted customers with the naked beauty of leather ranging from accessories, pouches, wallets, purses, and most of all handbags.
L-R: Shirr Kisslock Clutch in three colorways; Kensington Handbag White Sand; Piccadilly Pint Crossbody Earl Gray
This local brand aims to promote individuality in a stylish way. While people were going crazy over the latest "it bags", KATRE was all about finding luxury in quality. Each product designed magnifies the use of high-grade leather while taking out the unnecessary details like the big logos.
To date, KATRE's collection produces a maximum of 30 pieces per color, making each collection feel like a limited edition.
The Kensington Handbag is a nod to craftsmanship and functionality of the ancient medical bag, made from full-grain leather and features a lockable wide-opening frame.
Some of the brand's favorites are the Piccadilly Pint Crossbody where you can stash in your essentials for a quick errand run in a pint-size handbag; the Shirr Kisslock Clutch, a beautiful handbag that is elegantly sized to fit your phone, cards, keys, sanitizer, and your go-to lipstick for a date night with your partner; and the Kensington Handbag, inspired by the ancient "medical bag" that is not only sleek and beautiful, it is also a versatile go-to bag you can take everywhere.
The Piccadilly Pint Crossbody lets you carry everything you need for a day out
For over a decade, KATRE has always put its customers needs in its designs. Made from 100 percent leather, each piece is designed so that whatever handbag you need, it will be enough to hold all of your essentials. The classic designs guarantee that customers have a well thought out aesthetic that is effortless, chic, timeless, and functional.Pandemic Drives Printed Book Sales in the US to Highest Level in a Decade
The importance of print books became apparent in 2020 as pandemic-related lockdowns and uncertainty resulted in the best year for U.S. print book sales since 2010. According to the latest sales data analysis from NPD, volume in 2020 rose 8.2% year over year to reach 751 million books.
On the face of it, such a rise in print book sales may seem astounding. But when you consider what people have been through over the last year, it’s less of a surprise. Many stuck at home with lots of time on their hands are looking to books as a key source of entertainment, comfort and escapism.
“The U.S. consumer book market looks very different today, than it did back in April,” says Kristen McLean, books industry analyst for NPD. .”
Growth in print books was led by juvenile fiction, which contributed one-third of all U.S. books market growth. Juvenile fiction print books, the second largest category on a volume basis, increased 11%, selling 18 million more books in 2020 than in 2019. Adult non-fiction print books, the largest category of books in the U.S. by both volume and sales revenue, increased 4.8% (14 million books) year over year in 2020. Juvenile non-fiction grew 23% (14 million books). With brick-and-mortar bookstores having a tough year resulting from mandatory closures, these figures represent a remarkable resurgence for print books.
For a glimpse at Americans’ collective mood and what they are turning to for entertainment and comfort, you need look no further than the top-selling titles of 2020. Despite being released after the November elections, 2020’s top seller was “A Promised Land,” the memoir of former President Barack Obama, selling 2.68 million copies. Of the top 10 books, more than half were aimed at either kids or the young adult market. The number two seller was “Midnight Sun” by Stephenie Meyer, a young adult-aimed novel that is a companion to the 2005 bestseller “Twilight.” Third on the Top 10 list is the latest in the wildly popular Dog Man series of graphic novels by Dave Pilkey, “Dog Man: Grime and Punishment.”
But it’s not just the U.S. that has been rediscovering its love of print books. Sales in the U.K. have been soaring as well. According to the latest figures by Nielsen, more than 200 million print books were sold in the UK last year – that’s the most books in a 12-month period since 2012. Nielsen estimates that the volume of print books sold increased by 5.2% compared to 2019, which equates to 202 million books sold, worth a whopping $2.4 billion.
Like top sellers in the U.S., leading sellers in the U.K provide a window into Brits’ frame of mind. In third place was the cookbook “Pinch of Nom – Everyday Light,” with Richard Osman’s crime thriller “The Thursday Murder Club” in second. First place went to Charlie Mackesy’s The Boy, the Mole, the Fox and the Horse, an illustrated tale of friendship and life lessons described as “a book of hope for uncertain times.”
Given the popularity of e-readers, it’s heartening to see the resilience and continuing success of print books. Whether it’s the increased feeling of connection a reader gets to a story, the tactile pleasure of touching a physical book, or simply the enjoyment of turning a real page, print books have an important role in helping people to step out of real life for a while and lower levels of stress and anxiety. Perhaps someone should write a book about it.
This article originally appeared on the Two Sides blog.
Related story: Book Manufacturing Outlook: Balancing Demand, CapacityJosh Hubbard is a 2021-2022 Fellow. Josh grew up in Detroit and Southfield, Michigan, then attended Howard University, a Historically Black College/University (HBCU) in Washington D.C. where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing.
Tell us about your host company and your role in the organization.
For the duration of my Challenge year, I’ll be serving as the Manager of External Engagement for the Marygrove Conservancy in Detroit. The Marygrove Conservancy formerly existed as Marygrove College for over 100 years. Since the college’s closure, the campus has rebranded as a community-serving nonprofit focused on offering educational resources for students from early childhood to high school and beyond. My role consists heavily of marketing, graphic design, communications and helping to connect the many tenants on the 53-acre campus.
The beautiful Marygrove Campus located in the Livernois/6 Mile area of Detroit.
Tell us about the challenge project you’re currently working on; what are you learning from the experience?
Our cohort is currently working with the Metro-Detroit Black Business Alliance. My team has been tasked with developing strategies, from events to interior design, to attract more visitors into the Alliance’s Downtown Detroit gathering space. My biggest takeaway from this experience so far has been the unintentional collaboration. The cohort has been divided into separate teams, all with different areas of focus in relation to the Business Alliance. As the challenge progresses, many of the supposed separate teams have found the need to collaborate to best serve the Alliance in our suggestions. I’ve found it interesting that the teams seemed to carry such individual agendas at the challenge’s start, yet we now are beginning to all blend together to reach a common goal.
How do you hope to impact the community as a Fellow?
One thing that impressed me about Challenge Detroit was their selection of host companies. Each available company is making real differences in the Metro Detroit Community. My role at the Marygrove Conservancy, in addition to my role as a Challenge Fellow, has already allowed many opportunities to give back to those in need, which is something very close to my heart. Through the coming months, I look forward to being able to make a difference in the lives of those less fortunate through my work as a Challenge Fellow.
Please share the most memorable moment you have experienced so far as a Fellow. Why was it memorable and how has it impacted you?
Earlier this year, the cohort was taken to Focus: Hope, a Detroit-based nonprofit geared toward providing education and resources to underrepresented communities throughout the city and beyond. During our day at Focus: Hope, one aspect of our morning was facilitating a food giveaway for the community. We created signs to draw traffic, packed boxes with non-perishables, and handed out as much free food as we could to those in need. Giving back to the less fortunate is something that I always cherish at any opportunity. The chance to be face-to-face with those we were helping was a huge plus for me. We even heard stories of those who weren’t in need, gathering food to transport to those who were. It was giving back in the most literal sense, and I look forward to volunteering with Focus: Hope in the future, even beyond my time as a Challenge Fellow.
An example of the creativity born through collaboration during design thinking training day. This was the final prototype of a functional mobile application developed by my team and I within a couple hours for presentation.
How do you believe your fellowship year will shape your career moving forward?
My Fellowship year is less than halfway complete and has already presented an innumerable amount of connections. Members of the cohort present and provide resources and opportunities for each other on a daily basis. There is a sense of family in which we all aim to help one another succeed; not to mention the connections that have been developed outside of our cohort. Challenge does an amazing job at placing us in positions to shake hands with persons of influence, generate connections, and take part in opportunities much bigger than ourselves. It’s clear that my time as a Challenge Fellow will maintain a positive impact on my professional career for a lifetime.
If someone is reading this and considering applying to be a Fellow, share why you would encourage them to apply?
Challenge Detroit presents a community unlike any other. The benefits you begin acquiring from day one immediately prove to be invaluable. You will learn skills you didn’t know you needed and develop skills you didn’t know you already had. The personal and professional connections you make along the way are a nice bonus, too.'We have not issued notices randomly.'
'We have done the risk profiling of individuals, and sent to those whose profile has not matched with their declared income.'
CBDT chief Sushil Chandra tells Shrimi Choudhary/Business Standard.
The government expects this financial year's second and the final black money disclosure scheme to get twice the amount declared under the previous disclosure scheme, which ended on September 30.
The informal target for the scheme is believed to be between Rs 1.3 lakh crore and Rs 1.5 lakh crore, indicated the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
"Coupled with the demonistisation, the new scheme will be the last window to come clean. The government's intention is very clear: There is no room for black money," said CBDT Chairman Sushil Chandra in an interaction with Business Standard.
"It (the disclosure) should be double of the previous scheme, because now all the money has to come to the surface, including household money and bank deposits. Everyone now wants to clean their money because only then will they be able to utilise it," Chandra said.
"Besides, we are moving fast with digitisation, where all payments have to be made through the banking channels. We are sure that once the new Bill is passed by Parliament, we will get very good results," Chandra added.
The Lok Sabha on November 30 passed the Taxation Laws (Second Amendment) Bill, 2016.
It provides a window to legalise black money after demonetisation and a tax on that amount.
The proposed scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana, will allow those depositing money in banned Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes to enjoy immunity from certain taxation laws by paying a 50% tax on the undisclosed income.
Under this scheme, a fourth of the total amount will be locked in for four years and not earn any interest. The scheme will be notified after the Bill is passed by the Rajya Sabha.
Chandra said the income-tax department had issued as many as 2,000 notices to individuals whose deposits in banks were not matching with their declared income.
"We have not issued notices randomly. We have done the risk profiling of individuals, and sent to those whose profile has not matched with their declared income. If you have not filed a tax return, are not doing any business but depositing huge amounts, you are a high-risk candidate for me," Chandra said.
"From November 8 onwards, we have detected more than Rs 1,500 crore (Rs 15 billion) undisclosed income during surveys and searches and Rs 120 crore (Rs 1.2 billion) has been seized so far," he added.
Under the demonetisation drive, the I-T department is collecting all data from banks and the Financial Intelligence Unit about every suspicious deposit made and the location from where it has been deposited.
"We are tracking as to whether the deposits are genuine or illegal money," Chandra said.
Subsequently, the tax department has also come across several cases where various bank accounts have been misused or were being utilised to park illicit funds. They are being examined under the Benami (Transaction) Property Act, Chandra indicated.
He also hinted penal action. If caught, the deposit money will be confiscated, he added.
It has been learnt that the four month window under the earlier Income Declaration Scheme, which closed on September 30, had allowed declarants to enjoy immunity from a slew of direct taxes by paying a total tax of 45%.
The government got declarations from 71,726 Indians amounting to Rs 67,382 crore (Rs 773.82 billion) from the scheme.
Last year, the government had come out with a similar window for people holding undisclosed assets abroad.
Disclosures under that window were charged with a total tax and penalty of 60% and the exchequer received Rs 2,428.4 crore (Rs 242.84 billion) in payments from disclosures worth Rs 4,147 crore (Rs 414.7 billion).
On the two fake declarations made under IDS, Chandra said that it was known from the beginning and no more false declaration was expected under the scheme.
When asked if the department would conduct verification of accounts on a case-to-case basis, he said, "We are strictly going as per our information, matching all the profiles coming through the banking system and will chase all illegal money irrespective of the profile of the person."THE ART & SCIENCE OF CUSTOMER ACQUISITION
We build websites, create ad campaigns and deliver excellent results.
Our core focus is getting you more customers, right now, every day.
For more than fifteen years our development consultancy has been fundamental in many start-up projects, with several having been successfully acquired by investors, which is part of our property development business philosophy and applied strategy.
We’ve assembled a strategic group of experts with years of work in big city agencies, to help you succeed in the new economy with a suite of necessary services common to all digital campaign efforts.
The team has been assembled to provide you with senior expertise for online advertising, web design, customer acquisition, email list and digital marketing campaigns. We leverage deep relationships with content producers and their professional networks to deliver excellence in various disciplines including digital, print, direct mail, contact center and broadcast media.
We thrive on building high-yield, social and paid placement ad campaigns – with the primary goal of maximizing purchase and sale conversions. We have all the skills, people and tools required to help you succeed in-house.
Our systems and processes are designed specifically to funnel visitors to your business and convert them into customers.
We specialized in advertising placement on Google Adwords, YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Bing, Twitter, Yahoo, StackAdapts, CannBe, DoubleClick, Mailing List Media and more. Our team consists of Art, Language and Science experts who can help craft your message and make it sizzle!
In an increasingly dynamic and changing media marketplace, you need the absolute latest skills & online tools, plus a highly specialized team, to get your ad campaign off-the-ground and succeeding towards record setting sales.
The Art Department
In compliance with your brand standards, we deploy a group of award winning artists to get your campaign messages out of the door and into the hands of the right target customers.
The Language Department
Publishing in both official languages of English and French, we craft your messages to deepen the engagement, provide live response and increase conversion potential.
The Science Department
Harnessing the latest SAAS technologies, our private service group leverages the best tools and processes for developing high yield customer acquisition programs.
view our work meet the team contact us
Are you just getting started with online marketing?
MORE CUSTOMERS NOW™ – FREE E-Book Download
Get INSTANT ACCESS to our SECRET FORMULAS for de-risking your ad buying, to maximize your online sales, and totally dominate your competition.
Do you need MORE CUSTOMERS NOW™?
Register for our FREE E-Book and Get INSTANT ACCESS to our SECRET FORMULAS to de-risk ad buying, maximize online sales, and dominate the competition.- llanocountydemocra
County-Wide Block Walk
Llano County Democrats have committed to contact every Democrat in Llano County in person to Get Out The Vote. Our block walkers including County Chair, Precinct Chairs and volunteers are visiting every Democrat's home to encourage everyone to vote or leave door hangers featuring all the Democratic campaigners. In most cases, voters will receive a follow-up call closer to the election.
Recruiting volunteers for these projects has been a tremendous success. What started as a small group of Llano County Democrats last year has significantly grown to over 40 volunteers doing various tasks to get out the vote--knocking on doors, calling on the phone, registering voters, working the polls, mailing postcards, designing door hangers, working at the town halls, etc. We couldn't do all we're doing without our volunteers. Consider yourselves warriors in our efforts to turn the tide from greed and indifference to INCLUSION, COMPASSION, AND ACTION!
Together, WE ARE THE CHANGE!! VOTE BLUE!!
Virtual School of Digital Arts Roadshow for Year 12 and 13 Pupils
Event Information
Date and time
Location
Online event
About this event
The School of Digital Arts is an interdisciplinary school at Manchester Metropolitan University – a £35m investment into the workspaces, facilities, networks, teaching and research that will drive the next generation of creative content.
This interdisciplinary purpose built school will use cutting edge technology to drive innovation across all creative subjects at one of the UK’s leading universities. We believe this will be of great interest to you and your students as they prepare to make the transition into higher education.
Join us for an interactive session, where you will get to hear all about the School of Digital Arts and meet some of our teachers, with an insight into how courses will run and what it is like to study at SODA. We have courses in Animation, Filmmaking, Photography, Games Design, Future Media Production, Sound and Design, Web UX and Design, along with a Foundation Year and Degree Apprenticeship. We want to hear about your interests and passions, and we’ll be there to tell you about our courses and answer any questions you or your students may have.
We will be running the session on Wednesday 20 October (1-2.30pm). If you are either a student, or a teacher with a group of students interested in studying towards a career in the creative digital industries, this event will help provide an insight and showcase what makes SODA stand out.
Please note that the session will be recorded for future use.
Date and time
Location
Online event
Organiser The School of Digital Arts, Manchester Metropolitan University
Organiser of Virtual School of Digital Arts Roadshow for Year 12 and 13 PupilsDescription
“The incredible story of how a house was witness to German history” Telegraph
“A touching picturebook which shows children that large events can have repercussions even in small and unheralded places” Wall Street Journal.
“An atmospheric and ultimately uplifting tale with delicate, ethereal images” The Financial TimesANNE HERRERO
Born 1984, Berkeley, CA
Lives and works in Kansas City, MO and New York
Lives and works in Kansas City, MO and New York
"My work is centered around the figure. I pull content from a variety of sources to combine pop culture references and scenes from contemporary life with a classically driven technique. My paintings use a Baroque sensibility to depict images based on song lyrics. My drawings explore the narrative structure of diptychs by juxtaposing portraits with spaces that are tributes to Americana. Much of my work shares a fascination with the natural world and our relationship to environment. In some cases the landscape is a respite; in others, a threat."
- Anne Herrero, 2021Optimal Performance Beta Alanine Powder
Musashi Beta-Alanine - High intensity exercise can lead to acid accumulation inside working muscles resulting in 'muscle burn' which can contribute to the onset of fatigue. Musashi Sustained Release Beta-Alanine is designed to support high intensity training in endurance, team and strength athletes. Muscle carnosine buffers muscle acids which can increase during intense exercise leading to muscle burn. Beta-Alanine supplementation helps boost muscle carnosine levels.
Sustained Release Beta-Alanine tablets have been shown to help boost muscle carnosine levels in 4-8 weeks. The study used Sustained Release Beta-Alanine tablets at two different dosing regimens. The High-Low (HL) does of 3.2 grams/day of Beta-Alanine for 4 weeks, followed by 1.6 grams/day for 4 weeks, showed significantly greater muscle carnosine synthesis than a Low (L) does of 1.6 grams/day for 8 weeks.
For use by strength training or team sport individuals
Why do you need Beta Alanine?The NYPD Monday said they were taken by surprise when members of the leftist group Antifa circumvented 50 cops to brawl with the far-right group the Proud Boys on the Upper East Side."
Chief of Detectives Dermot Shea said 12 people are still being sought in the Friday night fracas — nine members of the Proud Boys and three members of Antifa.
“Tactically, the surprise is when that group came around the side," Chief of Department Terence Monahan said. “They flanked us and we should have, could have possibly covered the flank a little better.
“But for the most part I think the response was pretty good.”
Three people were arrested that night for allegedly attacking and robbing a 30-year-old New Jersey Proud Boys supporter.
The NYPD says it was fully prepared for the speech Proud Boys leader Gavin McInnes gave that night at Manhattan GOP headquarters.
The night before someone scrawled anarchy symbols on the door of the club.
FOB Reference Price:
Get Latest Price
Waste management wmwcrwmlwmx water - controlled activities regulations car fee waiver application charge calculator.The application charge calculator allows you to search for the correct application charge for a regulated site.If you have more than one activity on the site then the tool will apply the discounts.
701.3 - asset management 701.4 - business environment 701.5 - governance 701.6 - maintenance 701.7 - risk management 701.8 - awareness and training 701.9 - identity management, access control, authentication 701.10 - protective technology 701.11 - detection of anomalies and events 701.12 - continuous monitoring and detection.
Welcome.From the staff of administration finance at cal poly, san luis obispo.As a division dedicated to quality service to the cal poly community, we hope that you will find the information on the offerings of the administration finance division useful.
Note the pchd oral health program has postponed all community based clinics, meetings, and events in order to comply with the centers for disease controls cdc recommendations and governor duceys executive order.If you have a dental emergency or an infection with pain, swelling, or bleeding, please contact your dentist.
Earlier this month, i shared an infographic filled with disturbing statistics about cell phone distracted driving that make the case for banning or reducing cell phone use by employees while theyre working.For example, the national safety council---a nonprofit organization whose mission is to save lives by preventing injuries and deaths at work, in homes, in communities, and on the road..
The honorable carrie blumert, oklahoma county commissioner district 1, center, is briefed by col.Paul filcek, 72nd air base wing commander, left, and bill ward, 72nd civil engineer directorate, right, on construction progress of hangars for the kc-46a pegasus tanker during a visit to tinker air force base, oklahoma, august 26, 2019.
Freightcenter works with best-in-class common carriers that are authorized and licensed to provide worldwide transport for freight.A common carrier serves both commercial and residential shippers and generally operates as a motor carrier or trucking company or freight company.
Risk management fiscal year annual reports 2018 2019 public safety employees supplemental benefit plan annual report 2017 2018 state agency guidance new for 2019 - building project submittal notification of specialized safety or security equipment reporting industrial injuries state of arizona workers compensation partnered with corvel to guide employees to the appropriate.
6262020 - dept.Of transportation and development announces bid results for statewide projects 6252020 - update dotd announces upcoming i-10 lane closures in slidell 6252020 - dotd announces new i-20tarbutton road project in ruston fully open to traffic 6242020 - update dotd opens houma navigation canal bridge 6222020 - dotd moves forward with i..
First made famous by the gerson institute in the 1950s, when it began using coffee enemas as part of natural cancer treatments, others are now turning to this procedure for various ailments especially those that dont respond well to traditional treatments or prescription medications.
What equipment is needed for clay mining south africa concretize crushing contractors hydraulic pressure roll crusher is much stone crushing machine for sale in texas crushing value of dolomite cutting grinding crusher mobile crusher supplier in malaysia coal mining light with pto for sale the management procedure fleet equipment carrie..The Women's Universe
Perfumes that give every woman the chance to narrate their first encounter with the Maison Hermès.
The Men's Universe
Perfumes that give every man the chance to narrate their first encounter with the Maison Hermès.
The Garden-Perfumes collection
Les Jardins fragrances attest to genuine encounters between the Hermès spirit, the soul of a place and the perfumer-composer.
The Colognes collection
Echoing the Hermès lifestyle, these crisp and liberating perfumes to share brighten daily life
NEW ARRIVALS
BESTSELLERS
HERMÈS
Terre d'Hermès Eau Intense Vétiver Eau de parfum
From: 31.500 KWD
100 ml
3 products available hard-boiled.
Is it safe to eat.
Are boiled eggs OK if not refrigerated?
.
Should you let hard-boiled eggs cool before refrigerating?
To keep your hard-boiled eggs fresh for up to seven days, you’ll need to cool them promptly and store.
Why can’t you freeze eggs in the shell?
Only some types of eggs can be frozen. According to both the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), you should never freeze raw eggs in their shells (1, 2 ). When raw eggs freeze, the liquid inside expands, which can cause the shells to crack.
How long will a hard boiled egg last unrefrigerated?
If this is important to you, it’s considered safe to leave eggs at room temperature for up to two hours. Still, you should be sure to cook them to a safe temperature ( 18 ).
What happens if I eat a bad hard boiled egg?
The main risk of eating bad eggs is Salmonella infection, which can cause diarrhea, vomiting, and fever. we boil egg at night and eat in morning?
The fat content of egg yolks may lead to irritation and may cause disturbance in the sleep. However, as per some other studies eating an egg at night can help you sleep much!Sep 8, 2014. put boiled eggs in the fridge still warm?.
How do you tell if a hard boiled egg is good?).
Why does Shell stick to hard boiled egg?
A.Superstar Salman Khan has gone filmy to educate his fans and followers about the coronavirus pandemic. He has recreated a romantic scene from his 1989 blockbuster “Maine Pyar Kiya”, but with a coronavirus twist.
Advertisement, Salman Khan cleans it with what looks like a sanitiser and a piece of cloth.
“If MPK releases now, happy Easter be focused n Stay strong,” he captioned the video.
Advertisement
Trending
His fans loved the new version, and left many heart emojis in the comments section. One of the Instagram users also commented: “Ye kya kiya? Sanitise kar diya?” Another called it an “epic twist”.
Salman has been also sharing videos from his quarantine time with family in his farmhouse.
Android & IOS users, download our mobile app for faster than ever Bollywood & Box Office updates!
Advertisement.
AdvertisementClinical Waste Bags
- Heavy duty waste or contaminated plastic bags
- 110cm wide x 155cm high
- Produced for maximum strength with mixture of low linear density and high density polyethylene.
- 20 microns
- Hi-visibility plastic bag
- Marked with “contaminated waste”
- Box of 200 pcs
- 240L bag
- Lowest Prices
We can customize any size and any printing required, we have full production capacity in our factory in China with a 6 – 8 week turnaround.I got this product at walmart for about 4 dollars so it was a pretty good deal. All you have to do is spray this product into the back of your throat three times about 30 minutes before bed and it will bring relief to you from snoring. I have used this product pretty often and it does work quite well.
Overall I would defintiely recommend this product for anyone who snores. I really like this product and it has given meChoose the Sammic dishwasher that you need: optional features guide
In previous articles we presented Sammic’s Active and Ultra glass washers and dishwashers, explaining all the options available for each product and line. In this post we will present our complete guide to the added options available, what they entail and their availability for each specific model.
DD: DETERGENT DISPENSER
Sammic glass washers and dishwashers are supplied, by default, without a detergent dispenser on the majority of markets. However, it is possible to purchase any model with an in-built detergent dispenser.
Furthermore, the detergent dispenser kit for glass washers and dishwashers can be purchased separately at any time.
B: PROACTIVE
The drain pump option is recommended when the drain is higher than the appliance’s outlet. This enables a better wash quality by facilitating water renewal in the tank.
The PROACTIVE pack is available for all models.
D: PROLIME
Option D, or PROLIME, means that the appliance has a manual descaler installed. This option is recommended in hard water areas. The descaler improves the finish quality, particularly in the case of glass, while also protecting the dishwasher from limescale build-up.
The alternative to this feature is the installation of an external descaler or osmotiser, also available in our catalogue, although more space is necessary in this case.
The manual descaler option is available for all ULTRA glass washers and for the UX-50MP dishwasher.
BD: GLASS CARE
The BD or GLASS CARE package combines the above two options, also adding a peristaltic rinse aid dispenser. Therefore, it includes a drain pump with a non-return valve, an in-built manual descaler and a peristaltic rinse aid dispenser.
Thanks to the fact that the peristaltic rinse aid dispenser is activated electrically according to the parameters established, rather than being activated by the mains pressure, it dispenses an exact dose of rinse aid. This allows better control of the flow of rinse aid and prevents the dispenser from being affected by fluctuations in the mains, improving its service life and enabling a reduced use of chemicals.
BC: HYGIENE
The HYGIENE option includes a constant temperature rinsing system, a drain pump and a peristaltic rinse aid dispenser.
The constant temperature rinsing system guarantees that rinsing is carried out with constant water pressure at the established temperature, not only at the start of rinsing, but also during the whole cycle. This feature is particularly important in establishments where hygiene is paramount (hospitals, nurseries, laboratories). At the same time, it is also recommended for optimal results when washing glassware. The constant temperature rinsing system includes Break Tank, which prevents water from the appliance returning to the mains, giving the installation a hygiene and safety guarantee.
The BC option is available for the UX-50 Multipower dishwasher and for ULTRA line UX-120.
BCD: PERFORMANCE
The PERFORMANCE option includes all the features of the HYGIENE package in addition to an in-built automatic descaler. Therefore, besides being useful in establishments where hygiene is paramount, and for washing glassware, this option is recommended for establishments or areas with hard water.
The automatic water softenerhas several advantages compared to the manual version. On one hand, the cycle is activated automatically according to the established water hardness. On the other, it is possible to continue to use the appliance while the descaler is in use. Finally, the automatic descaler is equipped with a salt detector that shows when it is necessary to add more salt.
Just like the BC-HYGIENE option, the BCD-Performance option is available for the UX-50 Multipower dishwasher and for ULTRA line UX-120 hood-type model.
BV: HRS SYSTEM
Available for ULTRA line UX-120 dishwasher, the BV or HRS package includes a steam condenser, drain pump and peristaltic rinse aid dispenser.
This option is recommended when the appliance is used extensively, for poorly ventilated areas and for areas with limited space.
BCV: HRS HYGIENE
The BCV or HRS HYGIENE option includes all the features of the BV package described in the previous paragraph, as well as a constant temperature rinsing system, making the appliance useful in establishments where hygiene is paramount, and for washing glassware.
BCDV: HRS PERFORMANCE
In this option, all the features of the BCV package are combined with an in-built automatic descaler.
Just like the BV and BCV options, the HRS PERFORMANCE or BCDV option is available for hood-type, ULTRA line UX-120 dishwasher.
S: ISO
The double wall or thermoacoustic insulation option is available for all ULTRA models, except for the UX-50 Lite / UX-100 models.
All front-loading glass washers and dishwashers have a double wall structure. For dome models, not only does the bottom part have a double wall, but also the dome.
Thanks to this structure, the noise emitted by the appliance is reduced, retaining residual heat, saving energy and obtaining the improved thermal performance of the appliance.
The following table shows the options available for each line and product.This is the place where Wings of Desire starring Bruno Ganz, Solveig Dommartin and Otto Sander was filmed at Anhalter Bahnhof in Berlin, Germany. Start scrolling to find out more.
Peter Falk is walking past the old train station talking to himself and his grandmother.
Askanischer Pl. 6, 10963 Berlin, Germany
52.5034255981445, 13.3824291229248
architecture, train station34255981445, 13.3824291229248About The Owner
Cathy Kuzmyk
Owner of Glow Mobile Spray Tanning
Our mission is to offer the highest quality service and products to our customers, always! Our product line is the number 1 rated in the industry and once you give a personal airbrush tan a try you will see how comforting & empowering the experience can be. The skills I have acquired after running my own private home child daycare for 18 years makes me who I am today.
A big focus of ours is on being mobile. We understand that some people are limited when it comes to transportation, and some people just prefer the comfort of their own home. So to bring GLOW to everyone, we have mastered our process to be set up virtually everywhere.
Glow is a member of the Parry Sound & Muskoka Lakes Chamber of Commerce, Parry Sound & Area Community Business & Development, PARO, Georgian Bay Women Network, and the Better Business Bureau. We are always open to donations for various fundraisers and love being a part of Summer, Fall, Christmas, and Spring markets. Glow strives to inform you that there is an alternative to getting that natural healthy tan with out damaging you skin anymore.
Be Safe, Be Sexy!
Community Driven
Our Mobile Set Up!
Harbourtown
sshape’s approach to 3000 K Street NW was an opportunity to reflect the building’s relationship to it’s connection along the water. Positioned at the edge of the Potomac River, sshape looked into the qualities and characteristics of the body of water and how they could be transformed into an experiential architectural expression.
455 Massachussetts Ave, NW
Located in Downtown Washington, DC, sshape was asked by the Landlord to update their 2000s era lobby and amenity spaces. The design incorporates a “high touch” hospitality feel to increase the luxury feel for this DC commercial office building.
Growing Results
sshape executed a full build-out of a 25,500 RSF space in Arlington, VA to co-house three organizations with a shared commitment to supporting the agricultural economy.
National Grocers Association
The highly competitive grocery industry has changed dramatically over the past decade, and thanks to a comprehensive redesign from sshape, the National Grocer’s Association (NGA) is keeping pace.
Nonprofit Client
This nonprofit addresses social, agricultural, and environmental challenges worldwide. When their office moved to a new shell space in Arlington, Virginia, they wanted the build-out to reflect not just their Arkansas roots, but also the global footprint of their work.
Vault Consulting
When it came time to move from a sublet into a permanent space, Vault Consulting placed its trust in sshape. To take Vault from a makeshift home to a space that reflects its own culture and identity, sshape engaged the accounting and research firm in a comprehensive space planning process and visioning session.
MidCap Financial
sshape worked with MidCap Financial to redefine their working style and create an efficient, modern space that delivers individual privacy while encouraging collaboration and social interaction.
1275 K Street, NW
Faced with a segmented space cluttered with outdated patterns and finishes, sshape is transforming the entryway and lobby of 1275 K Street, a premium commercial property in the heart of the District. The redesign started with eliminating existing partitions and alcoves to open and streamline the floorplan.
Strayer University/Capella University
Adapting its campus model to a new generation of working adults, Strayer University’s new storefront campuses provide a setting for student support, quiet study, and socializing.Promotional price valid on web orders only. Your contract pricing may differ. Interested in signing up for a dedicated account number?
Learn More
Learn More
Masterflex™ L/S™ Precision Pump Tubing, Puri-Flex™
Masterflex™ L/S™ Precision Pump Tubing is long life tubing for pharma and bio-process applications
View more versions of this product“Hocreboard” high temperature calcium silicate insulation board products are a new style white and hard high temperature thermal insulation material, which has the characteristics of low bulk density, high strength and low thermal conductivity. It can bear high temperature and corrosion. Our products are widely used in industries like heat supply network of city construction, metallurgy, petroleum, chemical, electronics, machinery and glass.
High Temperature Calcium silicate board is an asbestos-free thermal insulation product that can withstand continuous operating temperature from650℃up to1100.
Temperature limitation: 1000 ºC
Density: 200- 300kg/m3
size: 1000x500mm, 500x500mm, 600(610)x300mm, 1220x1220mm, 1080x950mm.
Thickness: 25 – 120 mm
Technical Data: equipment.
Package：
Our yoga for kids summer camp provides children with a fun, creative, educational and enriching experience through yoga movement classes, mindfulness activities, relaxation, games, and crafts.We offer a non-competitive and supportive environment where kids can learn to work cooperatively as well as learn to care for and nurture themselves. Each session is sure to create lasting memories, new friendships, and a foundation for health and well-being.
When: First session: June 8, 15, 22, and 29 (Thursdays)
Second session: July 6, 13, 20 and 27 (Thursdays)
Age groups and class times: 5-7 year olds 10:30- 11:30 am
8-10 year olds 11:45 am - 12:45 pm
Price: One child: $90/ month or $150/both months
Two children $150/month or $250/both months
Materials provided: notebook, crayons, and t-shirt
What:
45 minutes of yoga poses based around the theme of the class
10 minutes of warm-up
25 minutes of the poses based around the theme
5 minutes of cool down
5 minutes of meditation/relaxation/imagery
15 minutes of coloring and creating
This is the time where they take what they imagined throughout the class and express it on to paper.
Ages 5-7
First, we will start with an introduction to yoga. Our first theme will be centered on the home where imagination and creativity starts. We will then venture out of the home where their imagination can continue to grow. We will end in outer space where they can push the limits of their imaginations and reach for the stars going out of this world. At the end of each yoga session, the kids will be asked to complete a freestyle group activity where they are allowed to artistically express the things they thought about during class.
Yoga Exploration
· At Home
· Into the Woods
· Under the Sea
· Outer Space
Ages 8-10
For the older group, we will travel around the world, experiencing different cultures through yoga. We will start in India, where yoga began. The first class will be more traditional, learning the traditional names of each selected pose. From there we will go around to each country and learn poses that are culturally relative to the destination. For example, we could do a pyramid pose for Egypt and an Eiffel Tower pose for France. After we learn the poses, the students will have a passport that we can stamp to say that they have learned something about each destination. The creative portion will be related to the country in focus and they will learn something new about yoga and geography.
Around the World
· India
· France
· Egypt
· Mexico
About the teacher:
Mika Groscost was originally born in Seoul, South Korea and adopted by her parents in Columbia, South Carolina. After graduating from Auburn University, she moved to Taipei, Taiwan with her husband to teach English as a second language to children between the ages of 3-13. Here she was able to immerse herself in a foreign culture and strengthen her practice with yoga and working with children. She is currently teaching yoga to children at the local YMCA during the after school program.
March for the planet
On Saturday, April 29 – the 100th day of the Trump administration – tens of thousands of people are expected to march with the People’s Climate Movement to demand better environmental regulations, jobs and environmental justice. Be one of them and recruit a friend to attend this massive march in Washington, D.C. Now, more than ever, with an administration committed to reversing environmental and social progress, a strong turnout, standing up for the planet and each other is needed. Seats are limited, so reserve your spot on a PSC-chartered bus now.Easter Treats in Bangkok
Easter is almost here, it’s Sunday April 4th this year and there’s no doubt that Easter is one of the sweetest holidays of the year.
Easter is almost here, it’s Sunday April 4th this year and there’s no doubt that Easter is one of the sweetest holidays of the year.
Easter is almost here, Sunday April 4th and wicker baskets are being dusted off all over Bangkok ready for one of the most highly anticipated
Easter is almost upon us, eggs are getting ready to be painted and hidden and Easter baskets are being dusted off ready for the annual
Easter has always been a traditional time for family sharing and caring and after a disconnected 2020 where so many families were fragmented, more than
This Easter we are giving away a fantastic basket of lots of differnt egg-citing Easter goodies to one lucky Bkk Kids family! The competition starts
Easter has always been an important holiday for us and our families, but the symbol of new life has never been more meaningful, than it
Here are some of the fun activities, including crafts, stories and egg hunts, for kids this Easter! Little Footsteps Annual Easter Egg Hunt Where: Srinakarin
Nothing says Easter like eggs (besides Spring, new life, fertility… and chocolate). Bangkok has embraced the western traditions of Easter, and the paraphernalia that goes
The Easter bunny is prepping his basket, ready for another season of fun activities for the children of Bangkok. Here’s where to go. Crafts, Workshops,
There are heaps of ideas to help celebrate the arrival of spring, and Easter in some parts of the world. Although the weather and celebrations
Get the latest kid and family-friendly activities and events in your inbox every Thursday! No spam, guaranteed.- Perry Homes
Investing In Property In The Hunter Region and Central Coast.
Updated: Sep 10
It’s a minefield, you go to seminars, you search websites, you talk to real estate agents, you get advice from brokers and accountants and your mates at the pub, you ask yourself “is this going to work?” What if…There are loads of what if’s, but that’s life. We are based in the Hunter and the Central Coast, 9% of Australia’s population live here and it’s the largest growth centre in New South Wales outside of the Sydney basin. According to “Regional development Australia,” it is predicted that the Hunter will become home to a population of one million people within the next 30 to 40 years. This region is rich in resources and underpinned by the world’s best quality coal, natural water resources, significant electricity generation capacity, an innovative manufacturing sector and a progressive business culture. You can buy a house and land package in this fantastic region for as little as $450k – that’s a four bedroom, plus media room, including an undercover outdoor alfresco area and double garage. The rental returns are upwards of $450 per week.
HERE’S THE BENEFITS YOU ENJOY WITH OUR BUILDER PERRY HOMES
1 - Because you are dealing directly with the builder, there are no agents’ fees or consultants’ fees or advisors’ fees. You deal directly with us.
2 - We make the process easy, we can assist with your finance – we assist with the purchase of your land, (that way you are saving thousands on stamp duty), we assist with the selection of your floorplan and you have options of a turnkey packages where everything is done - or you can choose everything your self – this is up to you.
3 - We have display homes, we can walk you through homes currently under construction and the Perry Homes management team have a combined 136 years of building experience and the tradespeople are locals. We can introduce you to your building supervisors and manage the whole process from start to finish. At the end of the day – this is your investment property, you don’t need to pay advisors and brokers, we’ve done all of the hard work, you can be as involved or not as involved as you like.
4 - Here’s is what we do know – the Hunter is a thriving region, you can purchase a 450m2 block (2021), Perry Homes can build you a 4 bedroom house with double garage, media room and undercover outdoor al fresco area with loads of other inclusions for approx. $270,000 depending on your choice of upgrades. These properties rent for $430 to $450 per week – there currently is a demand for rental properties. After consulting a number of local real estate agents the general consensus was that rental properties in the Maitland area are highly sought. New 4 bedroom homes were very popular and once they became available, they were snapped up very quickly where the rents actually started at $400 per week and could go as high as $470 per week (depending on the location and the size of the house). The outer suburbs of Newcastle were different and significantly more expensive where a house and land package would start at approximately $570,000 and the rental returns around $500 per week.
5 - The benefit of dealing with us is that we have a combined experience of over 40 years – we select houses for land sites, we know the land agents, we know which house will work the best for that block, we can organise absolutely everything that you will need to get your investment property. (That means finance, land selection, house selection, upgrade and inclusion selection, colour selection, land scaping, concreting, the list is endless)
We will organise your rental appraisal and will set you up with a quality real estate agent who will manage your property.
In other words, when it comes to helping you with an “investment strategy” in the Hunter, we are a “one-stop-shop”.
What do you need to do? Just call us – Noel Simmonds 0418 169 800 and discover more about how we can make it easy for you!Please try another search
Investing.com – Finland stocks were lower after the close on Friday, as losses in the Utilities, Technology and Financials sectors led shares lower.
At the close in Helsinki, the OMX Helsinki 25 lost 0.05%.
The best performers of the session on the OMX Helsinki 25 were Valmt (HE:VALMT), which rose 1.49% or 0.25 points to trade at 17.01 at the close. Meanwhile, Nokian Renkaat Oyj (HE:NRE1V) added 1.23% or 0.44 points to end at 36.24 and Outotec Oyj (HE:OTE1V) was up 1.18% or 0.070 points to 6.020 in late trade.
The worst performers of the session were Cargotec Oyj (HE:CGCBV), which fell 1.77% or 1.00 points to trade at 55.55 at the close. Nordea Bank AB FDR (HE:NDA1V) declined 1.33% or 0.150 points to end at 11.140 and Fortum Oyj (HE:FORTUM) was down 1.08% or 0.15 points to 13.73.
Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Helsinki Stock Exchange by 66 to 65 and 23 ended unchanged.
Brent oil for September delivery was up 1.18% or 0.56 to $48.19 a barrel. Elsewhere in commodities trading, Crude oil for delivery in August rose 1.31% or 0.59 to hit $45.52 a barrel, while the August Gold Futures contract fell 0.20% or 2.54 to trade at $1243.26 a troy ounce.
EUR/USD was down 0.28% to 1.1409, while EUR/GBP fell 0.26% to 0.8775.
The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.19% at 95.CBD Joy Gummies:
CBD Joy Gummies is a sour-surety cubes made from cannabinoids derived from cannabis plant. It is also known as cannabis-sativa. It is a plant that grows in warm climates of the whole world. Is is also known as tetra hydro cannabinol or THC. The leaves and flowers resin of Hemp THC are prepared. A combined name for a drug derived called cannabis.
It contains many types of active compound which are very responsibly effective for health. By the use of Joy CBD Gummies, the feeling of inner happiness and relaxation is generated more in the person. In this way we can say whether Marijuana and Hemp is the most prominent and common medicine in the cannabis group which has a pleasant effect on the psychological, physical and social life of the individual.
The medical properties of CBD Joy Gummies give a good support to our health by resolving the problems inside us, anxiety, stress, depression, pain, swelling, injury etc. This product improves our mood, which generates a new energy in us towards doing any work.
What to know about CBD Joy Gummies?
Eagle hemp CBD fill spectrum Gummies is a sour-sweet Gummies of 750 mg ,CBD per container, 25 mg CBD per cube and 30 count gluten free bottle. It is very tasty and healthy to eat. We can easily access it anywhere and anytime. It is drugless, not harmful and not non-habit-generating healthy gummies which properly manages and implements the hypothalamus part of our brain, So that a person is influenced by his inner unconscious mind and sensory desires, pain, stress, anxiety inflammation gets relief from problems etc. This Gummies will tune our entire endocannabinoid system.
Learn how CBD Joy Gummies will work for you?
As we use this gummies while chewing or exhaling through the mouth. This gummies gets involved in the process or our entire digestive system through this alimentary cannel, where it through the digestive juices it reaches the large intestine and where it is absorbed by the blood, as a result our CNS and ECS are activated, activating our entire endocannabinoid system.
By the network of receptors found throughout our body, including our brain, organs, glands etc. This gummy has been clinically proven to positively that is help us in the problems of chronic pain, blood pressor, insomnia, inflammation even cardiovascular issues etc.
Main Ingredients of CBD Joy Gummies
CBD Joy Gummies mainly consists of a combination of many types of fruits and juices. In which mainly marijuana and medicinal pain-relieving ingredients obtained from us are used. It has a variety of flavors added based on a variety of fruits which is a perfect choice depending on personal preference, such as apple, orange, grapes, berry, strawberry, mulberry etc. Is is made by pectin derived from the pulp of the fruit. Molic and citric acid are used in it to give it a sour-sweet taste. 0.3% person amount THC is also added to it. Its topical trades gives it more tangy flavour.
What some of the essential beneficial one will be getting after consuming CBD Joy Gummies?
Following are the major benefits of CBD Joy Gummies
- Reduces Anxiety & stress.
- Enhances focus & clarity.
- Relieves chronic pain & Aches.
- 100% natural, made in USA.
- Healty inflammatory response and helps in sleep.
- Relieves in joint pain & Arthritis and spinal cord injury.
- Safety and Leagle points of CBD Joy Gummies.
This product is completely legal, reliable, safe and effective. All the ingredients added are natural and organic. It is 100% soluble in water. No artificial chemical have been added to it in any way. This Gummies, which seems sweet and sour about jam and jelly in food, is a good boon for health. This product does not have any side effects. As for as the leangle side is concerned, it is approved by FDA in 50 states of USA with 0.3% THC.
In south Asian country, this product is currently used as a medicine. But gradually now the awareness is increasing among the people about this product Given its wide range of health benefits. The biggest advantages of this products is that we can easily take it anywhere and anytime due to busy work and time constraints.
Where to buy CBD Joy Gummies?
If you want to get this product at an affordable price and following the trends than you can get it only and only through is official website. It can not be accessed through any platform other than its official website.
Conclusion
In the end, we would like to say our customer that CBD Joy Gummies gives a better Nutrition to our body and makes us feel good. Throughout the day. We want to assure you that while your money is not misused, it will be of great benefits to your health.A Montessori in Koramangala that aspires to shape minds and nurture souls.
Latest from our blog
What’s a school without its children ?
Euphony for the teacher’s soul
Here is how to say “No” to TV
From the Students
Hero in the Shadows
>!
Whenever my daughter walks into this school every single day I know she is taking the baby steps in achieving those milestones. I am very very Happy that she is in the right place. The transformation in her has been amazingREGULAR and EXPEDITED PARCEL service: EXPECT DELAYS into BC, especially into Lower Mainland
XPRESSPOST and PRIORITY service: NO DELAYS at this time.
- Are being flown into BC for sorting and distribution. Delivery within BC of these products will occur, with some delays and some communities we may not be able to get delivery due to the local road situation.
EFFECTED COMMUNITIES: All service has been halted with the following effected communities:
- Merrit V1K
- Abbotsford V2T
- Yarrow V2R
- Chemainus V0R 1K0
- Quilchena V0E 2R0Duurenbayar Ulziibayar Judoka
Home Judoka Duurenbayar Ulziibayar Judo career
>. At the 2020 Olympic Games he carried the flag for his country at the opening ceremony.
Competitions - Medal overview
Event World Championships
Event Continental Championships
Event IJF World Tour: Masters/Grand Slam/Grand Prix
Event World Cups/Continental Open
Event World Championships Juniors
Event Continental Championships Juniors
Event World Military Championships/Games
Event National Championships Seniors
Event National Championships Juniorssampad23.khschools.ir: این دامنه میتواند فروشی باشد
سامانه مدرسه هوشمند پویان شامل بیش از 30 عنوان نرم افزار مختلف مالی ، اداری ، آموزشی ، کمک آموزشی
Page load speed analysis
First response
1.4 sec
Resources loaded
31 sec
Page rendered
1.5 sec
Total page load time
33.9 sec
Welcome to sampad23.khschools.ir homepage info - get ready to check Sampad 23 Khschools best content for Iran right away, or after learning these important things about sampad23.khschools.ir
We analyzed Sampad23.khschools.ir page load time and found that the first response time was 1.4 sec and then it took 32.5 sec to load all DOM resources and completely render a web page. This is a poor result, as 95% of websites can load faster. Unfortunately, there were 18 request timeouts, which can generally increase the web page load time, as the browser stays idle while waiting for website response.
Page optimization
In fact, the total size of Sampad23.khschools.ir main page is 9.3 MB. This result falls beyond the top 1M of websites and identifies a large and not optimized web page that may take ages to load. 30% of websites need less resources to load. Images take 8.8 MB which makes up the majority of the site volume.
- Original 84.9 kB
- After minification 82.9.7 kB or 84% of the original size.
- Original 8.8 MB
- After optimization 8.6 MB
Image optimization
Image size optimization can help to speed up a website loading time. The chart above shows the difference between the size before and after optimization. Sampad 23 Khschools images are well optimized though.
- Original 338.9 kB
- After minification 323.5 kB
- After compression.5 kB or 71% of the original size.
- Original 81.4 kB
- After minification 71.1 kB
- After compression 14.2 kB
CSS optimization
CSS files minification is very important to reduce a web page rendering time. The faster CSS files can load, the earlier a page can be rendered. Sampad23.khschools.ir needs all CSS files to be minified and compressed as it can save up to 67.2 kB or 83% of the original size.
Network requests diagram
- sampad23.khschools.ir
- 10.css
- twsh.css
- jquery-1.9.1.min.js
- jquery-migrate-1.2.1.min.js
- jquery-ui.min.js
- jquery-ui.min.css
- twsh.js
- jquery.treeview.css
- jquery.treeview.js
- AJAX.js
- ajax2.js
- mydialogboxfunctions.js
- mydialogbox.css
- superfish.css
- hoverIntent.js
- superfish.js
- supersubs.js
- style.css
- jquery.ad-gallery.min.js
- jquery.fancybox.pack.js
- shamsi.php
- show.php
- hadith.php
- badge.php
- badge.php
- YekanWeb-Regular.woff
- 14032.gif
- 21109836590076586091.png
- 141559506289931.png
- 14033.jpg
- 14469.jpg
- 16782.gif
- 141559506291172.png
- 14155950629233.png
- 25.jpg
- modir.png
- prereg.png
- login_button.png
- %D8%B3%D8%A7%D9%84%20%D9%86%D9%88.jpg
- %D8%B1%D9%88%D8%B2%20%D8%B2%D9%86.jpg
- 12%20%D9%81%D8%B1%D9%88%D8%B1%D8%AF%DB%8C%D9%86.jpg
- IMG_20160131_122521.jpg
- IMG_20160131_122316.jpg
- IMG_20160201_085352.jpg
- IMG_20160201_085446.jpg
- IMG_20160201_085415.jpg
- IMG_20160201_115642.jpg
- IMG_20160118_191429.jpg
- %D8%B1%D8%B4%D8%AF1.png
- %D8%B1%D8%B4%D8%AF%202.png
- %D8%A2%D8%B1%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%86%201.png
- %D8%A2%D8%B1%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%86%202.png
- %D8%A7%D9%85%DB%8C%D8%AF%201.png
- %D8%A7%D9%85%DB%8C%D8%AF%202.png
- 33.jpg
- 32.jpg
- 31-100843.jpg
- 09587385837553995553.png
- sid44.png
- sid14.png
- sid45.png
- post78.png
- post27.png
- jquery.fancybox.css
- YekanNumbers-Regular.woff
- jquery.ad-gallery.css
- YekanNumbers-Regular.ttf
- post79.png
- jquery.fancybox.css
- Nassim-Book.woff
- MitraWeb-Bold.woff
- MitraWeb-Regular.woff
- khorshidi.php
- clock.js
- H6.png
- F6.png
- azan.php
- weather.php
- foote22.gif
- loader.gif
- trans.gif
- ad_next.png
- ad_prev.png
- ad_scroll_back.png
- ad_scroll_forward.png
- bg2.jpg
- 4-2.gif
- 4-1.gif
- narenji.png
- style.css
- down.gif
- up.gif
- spacer.gif
- badge.png
- 29n.png
Our browser made a total of 97 requests to load all elements on the main page. We found that 62% of them (60 requests) were addressed to the original Sampad23.khschools.ir, 8% (8 requests) were made to Weather.toolsir.com and 7% (7 requests) were made to Pichak.net. The less responsive or slowest element that took the longest time to load (19.6 sec) belongs to the original domain Sampad23.khschools.ir.
Additional info on sampad23.khschools.ir
Requests
The browser has sent 68 CSS, Javascripts, AJAX and image requests in order to completely render the main page of Sampad 23 Khschools. Sampad23.khschools Sampad23.khschoolampad23.khschools.ir main page’s claimed encoding is utf-8. Use of this encoding format is the best practice as the main page visitors from all over the world won’t have any issues with symbol transcription.
HTTPS certificate
Sampad23.khschools.ir has no SSL certificate. Web browsing can be safer with HTTPS connection, so we suggest that it should be obtained for this site.
Normal result
Visitor World Map
Country of origin for 96.9% of all visits is Iran. Unfortunately, we cannot track the location of Sampad23.khschools.ir server and thus cannot define if the distance between their user base and server can potentially affect the page load time
Good result
Poor result
Social Sharing Optimization
Open Graph description is not detected on the main page of Sampad 23 Khsampad23.khschools.ir
Analyze another websiteWhen I to start with saw the Wing Liberty X, I questioned if it was going to be a more affordable just take on the Dutch VanMoof S3. I was walking to satisfy a good friend and took place to go by Wing’s showroom, and I did a backward-walking double-choose to peer in the window. The two electrical bikes look incredibly similar, and by that I signify they have tall, straight top rated tubes that overhang their tires for mounting a headlight and taillight. Both equally also have swept-back handlebars.
But appearances are definitely only pores and skin deep. The Independence X is a extremely distinctive bike, at a rate that’s additional palatable for most individuals.
Speeeeed
It truly is brisk. Which is many thanks to the Bafang rear hub motor that steps 350-watt ongoing output and 550-watt peak output.
You get 5 stages of pedal help, but I generally held it on degree two, the second weakest. With the 7-velocity mechanical gearing, I hardly ever needed more ability. A couple of rotations of the pedals on level two aid, even from a standstill, shot me to 17 mph. It did not get considerably far more effort and hard work to top out at 20 mph, the ebike’s official top rated speed.
As a result of the display—there’s no companion smartphone app—you can unlock the bike to access 24 mph. It is one particular of the Freedom’s coolest options, but it does technically make it unlawful for use on most multi-use paths and trails. I’d just adhere to the default if you’re in a town. If you purchase the optional throttle for $80 additional, the Liberty X goes from a Class 1 ebike to a Course 2 since the throttle functions even if you are not pedaling.
Actually, I did not like the throttle. It truly is scalable, meaning that instead than remaining an on/off button it can be a lever that lets you select electricity alongside a continuum. Even when pinning it to its most, there was a prolonged hold off just before the bike would go. It was discouraging at stoplights, so I almost never used the throttle at all. It also failed to add considerably oomph to the bicycle when it was going. Flinging it to 100 per cent throttle failed to do anything the pedal aid was not by now performing, so it really is not like a raise button that’ll pour on extra electricity. Not all throttle are increase buttons, but it is worthy of pointing out.
Challenging Quit
Halting is a lot more of an issue. The cable-actuated disc brakes experience weak, even on a somewhat light 39-pound bike (which is lightweight for an ebike). New York Town puts the stress in worry-braking, and I generally deal with my good share of challenging stops thanks to impatient drivers, oblivious pedestrians and, once, a person participating in cards in the bicycle lane.
The Independence X’s brakes normally stopped me just before selected doom, but I usually felt that I was applying just about every past bit of braking electrical power to occur to a halt in individuals circumstances. Hydraulic brakes present far better stopping ability, although they are not typical at this price tag. Cable brakes usually are not necessarily terrible, but I would have preferred to see more powerful ones in this article.
They also squeal like two pigs with a bellyache. I chalked it up to my certain bicycle right up until I examine evaluate just after evaluation of Freedom house owners reporting the exact same, so it seems like Wing’s choice of brake pad could possibly be to blame. You might have to swap out the inventory brake pads for your sanity. It won’t expense much and it is not difficult, and it is really not a reason to prevent the Independence X.
The X Aspect
I tested the Freedom X ($1,449), but there is certainly one more quite related product Wing gives identified as the Flexibility 2 ($1,299). The X’s upgrades are a torque sensor for the pedals in its place of a cadence sensor and a exhibit properly integrated into the top tube, which demonstrates details these as pace and battery amount.Self-Awareness and Personal Development
Course Overview.
Course Content
• What is self-awareness and personal development?
• Reflection
• The Importance of reflection
• Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (SWOT)
• Confidence
• Personal development
• Stages of skill development
• Aspirations
• Energy
• SMART goals
• Mission and vision statements
• Attitude
• Embracing change
Course Duration
20-40 Minutes
Acreditations
1/1
£
Course Cost
10
ErrorJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Please choose your location
The Remote Control E allows wireless shutter release control and zoom control via infrared signal. Compatible with X-5 and X90 bridge cameras, Optio VS20, WG-4/ GPS, WG-20, WG-10, WG-3/ GPS, WG-2/ GPS, WG-1/ GPS, W90 compact cameras.Mermaid Princess Mia was kidnapped by Alan. Mermaid Mia’s first love Eric tried to save mermaid princess Mia. Alan sold princess Mia to a sushi restaurant. SOS, who can rescue her in mermaid girl games?
FEATURES
1. Alan kidnapped mermaid princess Mia and sold mermaid Mia to a sushi restaurant. What will happen in our princess games?
2. Princesa Mia’s first love Eric came to the garage and tried to save the mermaid princess.
3. OMG! Eric was also kidnapped by the prison breaker Alan. Whether he can escape from mermaid games for girls?
4. High school teacher Blake drove by and witnessed a strange creature which looked like her student mermiad Mia.
5. A man with black hood took the mermaid away, why he kidnapped a mermaid?
6. School Teacher Blake attempted to certify mermaid Mia’s identity from high school mean girl Kim.
7. Mean girl Kim came to the garage and rescued her first love Eric in mermaid game.
8. Eric found out princesa Mia was sold a sushi restaurant. It’s so emergency!
9. Princess Mia was made into a mermaid sushi. SOS, who can make the sushi bar rescue?
10. Will Eric save princes girl Mia out? Will Princesses Mia hurt here in mermaid games?
The most exciting mermaid games ever! Play the Mermaid Rescue Love Story! Let’s try our best to save mermaids Mia out. Download the mermaid girl games Now!
JoyPlus creates fresh mobile content for the whole family. we lovingly produce digital adventures that entertain, challenge, and engage families all over the world.
Visit us:
Watch us:
Let us know what you think! Questions? Suggestions? Technical Support? Contact us 24/7 atcontact@joyplustech.com.:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-4164085-1379877866-2371.jpeg.jpg)
2012
Label: Signal Flow - SFPodcast43 • Format: File MP3, Mixed 192 kbps • Country: US • Genre: Electronic • Style: Hardcore
· View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the File release of "Signal Flow Podcast 43" on Discogs. Everything Releases Artists Labels. Advanced Search. Menu. Explore Tom Sawyer: 2: & Paul Blackout 5/5(1).
Explore releases from Tom Sawyer at Discogs. Shop for Vinyl, CDs and more from Tom Sawyer at the Discogs Marketplace.
· Listen to Blackout Podcast, a playlist curated by Blackout Music NL on desktop and mobile. SoundCloud Blackout Podcast by Blackout Music NL published on TZ. Blackout Podcast Genre Drum & Bass Contains tracks. Blackout Podcast - V O E by Blackout .
· Users who purchased The Adventures of Tom Sawyer – Audiobooks, MP3, also purchased: Frankenstein by Mary Shelley – Audiobooks, MP3 $ $ Purchase Checkout. has been added to your cart! have been added to your cart! Proceed to Checkout Continue shopping.5/5(1).
TOM Sawyer lives in St Petersburg on the Mississippi River. He has arranged to meet his friend Huckleberry Finn (HUCK) at the graveyard at midnight. They are planning to run away to become pirates after feeling unappreciated at home. Tom has just been caned by his Aunt Polly for eating the apple pie. Tom Sawyer - Duologue quantity.
Monochromatic Stains - Dark Tranquillity - MP3 (CD) A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square - Swing Dance Orchestra - Were Gonna Dance (CD) This Time I Know Its For Real - Various - Clubhits 89 (Vinyl, LP)SharePoint Training and
Change Management
User adoption solutions to help your people manage change.
We often hear this from the SharePoint projects that we have rescued. It is mainly caused by rolling out SharePoint without a formal end-user training, leading to their people resisting change. It results in increased overall project costs with missed deadlines or extended project schedule, or a complete fail on their SharePoint project. User adoption is the key to the success of SharePoint projects.
“The way Professional Advantage worked with us was perfect. It was fantastic when they came to the golive date.
Everyone was happy with the result”.
Michael Smit Associate Director for Technology & Business Transition
iNova Pharmaceuticals
We combine our SharePoint technical expertise with PROSCI, a globally recognised change management framework. We use this methodology to deliver a successful SharePoint user adoption and change management plan for you:
User adoption can make or break the success of your SharePoint project. That’s why change management is a critical piece of our SharePoint services. Here is our approach:
We use a systematic approach to change management that delivers communications and guidance materials to specific audiences at every stage of your change management plan.
We design your training content based on your scenarios and deliver them by a combination of our SharePoint Consultants and/or PROSCI Certified Project Managers.
Got new joiners? We can help ensure continued adoption for new members of your team by providing ad-hoc skills transfer and periodic review of your user experience and adoption.Learn more >
For more than 20 years, we have encountered countless user adoption scenarios and we adapt our approach based on your specific needs. Our combined Microsoft 365, Azure, Dynamics 365, and PROSCI technical expertise puts us in a unique position to deliver the technical training using proven, structured methodologies to address the adoption challenges of your people.
We are a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner for Content and Collaboration (SharePoint) and Cloud Productivity (Microsoft 365) and a Tier 1 CSP, which is a testament of our commitment to support and provide innovative solutions for hundreds of our clients.
Complete the form below, or contact us on 1800 126 499 to speak to one of our experts today.DESIGNER'S DESCRIPTION
This beautiful logo is great for tea house, coffee shop, green or red tea brand, tea store, herbal tea, cafeteria, natural tea, tea distributor, tea lovers blog, tea and cookies shop or any business related to tea products, café, herbal drinks, etc.
teapot tea leaves healthy natural organic floral herbal vintage red ...
Suggestion box
Report a bug
© Copyright 2011-2021, Graphics Factory CC. All rights reserved. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the User Agreement & Disclaimer. LogoGround.com is a division of Graphics Factory CC, SA., Reg Nr. 2008/121028/23≤6 mo.
kit of 1 mL (100 x 20 μL rxn; KK4670)
kit of 10 mL (1000 x 20 μL rxn; KK4672)
kit of 5 mL (500 x 20 μL rxn; KK4671)
for use with Bio-Rad iCycler
dry ice
−20°C
Looking for similar products? Visit Product Comparison Guide
An overview of directed evolution and the methods for generating proteins with optimized or entirely new functions.
Our team of scientists has experience in all areas of research including Life Science, Material Science, Chemical Synthesis, Chromatography, Analytical and many others.Contact Technical ServiceJob profile Director at dell services
Time since associated with MahagunBooked first flat in 2008, owns property at mahagun morpheus & moderne sec -78 noida
StatedI like the way mahagun is, they do not show off, rather deliver what they commit, mahagun is a reliable developer
Owner ofMahagun morpheus, sector - 50, noida
Job profile Program manager at rbs (royal bank of scotland)
Time since associated with MahagunBooked first flat in 2005, owns property at mahagun mansion - indirapuram, gzb. & Mahagun Mmezzaria - sec-78 noida
StatedWorkmenship is very good, best possible interiors, all fittings & fixtures are of eading brands, good supervision of work.
Owner ofFlat 509 - mahagun morpheus, sector - 50, noida
Job profile Gm at ongc
Time since associated with MahagunBooked first flat in 2007, owns property at mahagun mansion - indirapuram, gzb. & mahagun maple - sec-50 noida
StatedI believe mahagun is one of the best grp. housing of noida, vastu friendly layout is what i loved.
Owner ofFlat 1306 - mahagun mansion, indirapuram, gzb.
Job profile Vp at a publication house
Time since associated with MahagunBeen with mahagun for past 6 years, owns property at mahagun mansion - indirapuram, gzb.
StatedBest value for maoney, i feel i made a right decision at right time by investing at mahagun mansion, material used is good, maintenance dept. is quite active, good amenities provided.
Owner ofFlat 1316 - mahagun mansion, indirapuram, gzb.
Job profile Head of service operations at tata tele services
Time since associated with MahagunBooked 1st flat at mahagun in 2005 at mahagun mansion - indirapuram, gzb.
StatedI feel layout of mahagun flats is pretty different from other property builders, interiors are different, carpet area is well managed, timely flat handover as per the commitment made.
Owner ofFlat 320 - mahagun mansion, indirapuram, gzb.
Job profile Self setup / business
StatedI liked the quality & timely delivery of mahagun group, also the crm dept. is well versed, quite a friendly & supportive atmosphere, i like the greenery of my society, it's well planned.
Owner ofFlat 1010 - mahagun mansion, indirapuram, gzb.
Time since associated with MahagunOwns property at Mahagun Mmezzaria sec -78 noida
StatedWe were introduced to the mezzaria project through investors clinic. the project location is very excellent and very close to the proposed metro corridor, golf course and a modern sports stadium. we also want to especially highlight the high level of customer satisfaction provided especially by mr. deepak parmar in his endeavors. all queries were answered by him patiently and quick solutions were given for any sort of issues.
StatedWe were searching for our dream home project in noida which meets our requirements of design elegance, luxury, good location and above all investment value. possession assurance and commitment to quality were other key considerations. after looking at many options, we zeroed in on Mahagun Mmezzaria. it reflects trust, quality, and elegance along with meeting our stringent criteria's. we are proud owner of flat in mezzaria.
Owner ofMahagun Mmezzaria, sector - 78, noida
StatedMahagun Mmezzaria is at a very excellent location which is close to upcoming metro corridor, has superb specifications and shaping up exceedingly well. mahagun staff has been extremely helpful, patient and supportive, and mr amit jain himself getting involved made it a delightful experience. it's been our best decision to go with Mahagun Mmezzaria and fully convinced that it's going to be our dream home.
Owner ofMahagun Mmezzaria, sector - 78, noida
StatedI would like to say that i am very happy to invest in Mahagun Mmezzaria & i would highly recommend to my people in network. i am positive that many of my friends will be interested and will be contacting you shortly. and, i would also like to come back in future for investing more. 8010599599.
I AGREERecords Available In:Mainly English, Hindi, Urdu, Punjabi
The Delhi Public Library (DPL) was established in 1951 by the then Ministry of Education, Government of India with the financial and technical assistance from UNESCO. The library was inaugurated by the first Prime Minister of India Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru on 27th October 1951. At present, the Delhi Public Library is functioning under the administrative and financial control of the Ministry of Culture, Government of India. The Headquarter/Central Library is located opposite Old Delhi Railway Station. From a small library located in Old Delhi, it has since been developed into a premier public library system in the country covering the entire metropolitan city. Besides providing free library services to the people, children and adult alike, irrespective of any distinction of sex, caste, creed and religion, DPL also looks after their recreational needs to harness the latent potential of the members by providing them with a suitable platform for socio-cultural activities. The DPL has been one of the four recipient libraries under the Delivery of Books and Newspapers (Public Libraries) Act of the Parliament of India, 1954 (as amended in 1956). As per the provision of this act, the DPL is entitled to receive one copy of each publication published in India from publishers free of cost. The total branches of DPL are: 33, total deposit stations are 28, total seating capacity: 1900 approx., total membership: 1,89,235, total collection: 18,92,767 (including 296642 D.B.A.D Books and out of total collection of 5,08,607 books can be accessed through WebOPAC). Apart from this, the DPL is providing Mobile Library service at 158 points (including 18 Braille Library Points) situated in the National Capital Territory of Delhi.Starting any business is quite stressful and time-consuming, but maintaining its success can be just as hard! Dropshipping was not invented yesterday, but it’s safe to say that it’s still a new thing a lot of people don’t explore enough. But for those who are interested in dabbling into this kind of business, here are some useful dropshipping tips and tricks from the pros!
Sell What You Love
If you are not passionate about the products you will be shipping out, why bother to do it? Sure, you can look at it from a business point of view but at the end of the day you’ll put in more energy and time into the products you love. If you are genuinely interested in them, you’ll be more careful and invested, and that will certainly keep your business going – not to mention you won’t be bored while you do it. You’ll enjoy your work and it will certainly show through your packaging and marketing.
Have A Good Supplier
Dropshipping isn’t an easy process, a lot goes into it not to mention that you’ll have to involve a third party to make it all happen. You’ll have to find a business partner that you fully trust, and only then will you be able to start your dropshipping. It’s safe to say that experts from ecommerceparadise.com/blogs/guides/best-dropshipping-suppliers-for-high-ticket-drop-shipping state that finding a good supplier to work with are crucial. In a sea of fakes and scammers, you need to be careful when choosing your seller, you can lose both time and money. But on the other hand, if you do find a good supplier, you better create a good connection between you two, that way the business can blossom
Chose A Niche Customer Base and go in the direction you both want.
When making a business of any kind, you need to have two things in mind – the product or service you are offering and the customers that are meant to buy it. That’s why finding a customer niche is the best thing to do in order to max out the profit. You’ll cut the time and effort on marketing if you know exactly who you’re marketing for. If you find the product you want to dropship, all you gotta do is figure out who is the target consumer base, decide on the marketing strategy and the business can start! Even though having a niche consumer group means that your marketing and products will be a bit restricted, it can also save time. But if you want to sell a variety of items that have no specific age limits and fall into niche consumer groups – you can always market different products for everyone.
Don’t Use Your Own Website
If you are a beginner, chances are you won’t create a multimillion-dollar company overnight – certainly not if you make your own website. You might want to start on already established platforms where people with similar businesses work from, this way you’ll reach a larger pool of potential customers, as they’ll be directly targeted. But once you do establish yourself on the market and start seeing a profit you might want to start working on your own website, and if you do decide to go this route you need to do extra research about marketing, and more specifically focus on keywords and what people google, this way you’ll drive customers directly to your website.
Both Quality And Quantity Are Important
Lastly, since you are working in a product-based business, you need to consider some factors that may affect your success. In some cases, quality is more important than quantity, but in this case, they are equal! When you think about it, your job is to ship out items in order to make a profit, well if those items are large and flimsy, chances are you won’t reach success any time soon. Larger items take more time to ship out, and not to mention that they are less likely to be bought in bigger quantities – and that’s just the thing you should be doing. You do want to sell as much product as you can, and as fast as you can, so keep that in mind when choosing what kind of products you want to work with as it will affect your business a lot.
Running a business is hard, the market is changing, the customers are also changing all the time – but your passion should be enough to drive you to continue. With all the useful knowledge and information you can obtain from those who already succeeded – there is no way you’ll fail! Just make sure you use all the given tips and tricks and never stop researching and evolving!Pelosi Names Joaquin Castro to House Intelligence Committee
July 6, 2016
Press Release
Washington, D.C. – Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi today named Congressman Joaquin Castro of Texas to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Congressman Castro replaces Congressman Luis Gutiérrez.
“Joaquin Castro has shown himself to be an outstanding leader on the national security issues before America today,” said Leader Pelosi. “On the House Armed Services Committee and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Congressman Castro has consistently displayed the strength of his judgement, the depths of his expertise, and the power of his commitment to the brave men and women who keep our country safe.
“As he takes a leave of absence from Armed Services to pursue this appointment, Congressman Castro will bring that same judgement, expertise and commitment to the Intelligence Committee – where he will continue his leadership for our military families and the security of all Americans,” Leader Pelosi continued.You can view the detailed instruction on how to check campaign settings, find the alerts, errors, or other configuration issues.
To check campaign settings, find the alerts, errors, or other configuration issues, do the following:
Open the Client Management > Setup > Campaigns section.
Choose the campaign from the list and in the corresponding row click the “Configure” button in the “Action” column.
3. On the “Campaign Setup” page click the “Global” tab.
Then click the “Validate Campaign Settings” button to proceed.
Campaign's settings will be analyzed, and if there are any issues you will see a critical error or warning alert icons on the tabs that require your attention.
Critical Warnings
require your immediate attention as the campaign will not run without configuring these settings or correcting errors.
Warnings
alert you about less critical issues, but the campaign will run without you needing to attend to them right away.Using premium WordPress themes is great, but often you need to watch video tutorials of how to do something. There are lots of sites with different videos for different premium themes, so after constantly directing people all over the place for their theme tutorials I decided to put them all in one place. Theme Vids was born, a site housing all the best premium theme tutorial videos in a central location. I’ve put together a short video below so you can see how to use the site.
Each weekday a different video will be shown and so the category links to your theme and the search box may be your friend to find relevant tutorials. Currently I am just covering Headway, Thesis, Woo Themes, and Flexx, but if you want other premium theme videos added just contact me from the site and let me know. I’ll be adding any training videos I do to there too, so will be redirecting clients to it over the next few months.
I’m always happy for any feedback so please let me know what you think of the Theme Vids, and what can be improved.Bass. 1972-1986; 2000-2016
Long standing Bass player Rick joined with Bob Johnson in 1972 to form the 'Classic' line-up bringing their rock backgrounds to the sound of the group. Rick had previously worked with Michael Chapman for 3 years and nine (!) albums. It was Chapman who introduced him to Steeleye's music and they were one of the few bands Rick would consider joining at the time as he was happy as a session musician. Rick had only seen Steeleye play once live - 2 weeks before he joined. He confessed later that he only really wanted to join at the time to work with Carthy and turned up at the first rehearsal with Peter, Tim and Maddy not knowing Carthy was leaving.
Rick left in 1986 after a reported shoulder injury (although Rick has since suggested the stress of touring had played a major part) but continued to work with Maddy on a number of her albums, including 'Happy Families' which was released under both their names in 1990. The duo toured frequently during the late 80's early 90's. He was also a key part of the 'Maddy Prior Band' which released 2 albums in the early 80's and he has released five solo albums over the last 20 years (see below). Rick returned to Steeleye in 2000, initially to help out on tour after Bob Johnson left, with Tim Harries moving from Bass to lead guitar. He joined the band permanently again with most of the 'Classic' line up in 2002. In 2016 he retired from Steeleye and now does the occasional solo gig.
Rick has a new website (click on the picture) and can be booked for "an evening with" gig, including in your own home! He is also working with ex Steeleye Ken Nicol and Paul Burgess (10cc) for some gigs.
In 2018 Rick released his 5th solo album, called 'Perfect Blue' see below. His first 4 solo albums are harder to find as they are not in print but are well worth hunting down. Escape (1996), Spies (1998), Codes (2004), Fanfare (2009). The first two featured 'Spud' Sinclair, now in Steeleye. Pictures and details are all below.UNBELIEVABLE: Democrat Congresswoman Calls Berkeley Riots a ‘Beautiful Sight’ [VIDEO]
- 2.0KSHARES
- Tweet
- Comment Now0
This is absolutely reprehensible. Democrat Congresswoman Val Demings (D-FL) actually called the riot in Berkeley a beautiful thing. This is a woman, I believe, who was a police chief at one time. She calls President Trump’s executive order unconstitutional. It is absolutely legal and constitutional. I believe this is another racist Democrat, who hates President Trump and wants to destroy the system because the Democrats are no longer in power.
Gee, was it the female Trump supporter who was maced in the face during an interview that struck her as beautiful? Or was it the man laying on the ground being beaten by thugs with shovels? Maybe it was the protesters throwing bricks and stones at police, or when they lit a tree and cart on fire. How about when they rushed the barriers, bashed in car windows and destroyed businesses such as Bank of America, Starbucks and Wells Fargo? I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder, or Marxist, as the case may be.
From Louder with Crowder:
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
Yes, THOSE Berkeley riots (see MMA Fighter Jake Shields Saves Man Being Beaten by ‘Peaceful Protesters’ and “Anti-Fascists” Burn Berkeley to Protest Milo). Democrat Congresswoman Val Demings (D-FL) actually said the following in a congressional hearing…
“We have seen demonstrations–and I think you already talked about that–around the country. Young people at Berkeley protesting against this unconstitutional order.”
“We encourage our young people to get involved–I thought it was a beautiful sight.”
You almost want to believe the Congresswoman got some protests confused. Maybe there was another protest happening in Berkeley. Only it didn’t get as much press coverage. Maybe the other Berkeley protest was a protest of single ply toilet paper. At best, Rep. Deming believes the mob was just a few violent agitators upsetting a peace protest.
No.
But what kind of a paint guzzling moron do you have to be to call what happened in Berkeley “beautiful?” Was it the female Trump supporter who got maced live on air? Is this a new Shia artform of which I’m unaware?
Maybe Demings considers violence art. She may just be that twisted. She did not condemn any of the violence from the protesters or any of the property damage. In fact, she seemed to wholeheartedly approve of it. Her statements occurred at a forum on President Donald Trump’s travel ban. She’s all for letting in unvetted refugees, who surely have terrorists among their numbers and will kill Americans given the chance. She seems to approve and how dare President Trump try to keep them out and keep America safe! I’m surprised she didn’t call him a fascist.
This is what she calls encouraging people to get involved and organizing resistance? Next, she’ll be singing the praises of Shariah law and marching in the streets with Black Lives Matter, the New Black Panthers and the Nation of Islam. How this woman was ever elected to office is just incomprehensible. Her words speak for themselves.
-.Quality feeders with built in anti waste feature and carry handle. Available 2.5Kg and 4Kg capacity. ideal for a variety of species. Optional feet available for the 4Kg size. Order code 1830A for feet.
Additional information
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.One of the most promising FinTech companies to have come out of Kingdom, SADAD Bahrain has once again rolled out a new disruptive service that could potentially transform payment methods in the country.
Dubbed “Sadded”, this new service introduces a new payment avenue that promises to make transactions between businesses and their customers a lot safer and easier.
Without delving much into the technical nitty-gritty, Sadded can be summarised as an online invoicing system that enables users to send invoices to their customers via emails or text messages.
The company is optimistic that Sadded will come in handy in a diverse range of use cases — be it payments for online deliveries, insurance payments, college tuition fees, or basically any other modes of transactions involving invoices.
The new service is “cashless, fast, secure and hassle-free payment, allowing customers to easily purchase their goods or services,” SADAD stated in a press release.
With this new payments solution added to their tech inventory, merchants can now easily manage their business anywhere, anytime. They will be able to retain a detailed history of all their dues and collections on a single platform, which in turn, will make it way more convenient for reconciling all pending transactions.
The payments will be transferred to their registered bank accounts with the process taking no longer than 24 hours.
“We are committed to offering customers the most innovative solutions in line with the Kingdom’s digitization strategy,” said Mrs. Fatima Ali, Marketing Manager at SADAD.
She added: “This new payment solution is meant to convenience our clients and their customers by providing them ease-of-use and secure payment methods.”Bounce rates are bad for business, but there are ways to reduce or prevent them. Generally, people leave your site without viewing anything or buying. An easy way around that is to create website popups that make people want to
Tag Archives: bounce rateA lot of people are currently participating in gold financial investment. This is due to the fact that they fear that the value of gold will certainly drop, which would be an awful thing for investors like them. The truth is that there are some gold stocks that are doing extremely well. However, before getting yourself associated with any kind of gold investing, you should know what you are doing.
When it comes to spending, there are many points you ought to think of, as well as gold financial investment is one of them. First of all, gold is understood to be a great bush against rising cost of living. This implies that financiers need to get their hands on as much gold as they can, particularly as the worth of the US buck continues to reduce. Investors require to acquire gold bullion from recognized gold mining firms so that they can protect their financial investment in case there is a globally crisis, or even worse yet, an economic collapse. gold ira approved depository
Gold mining business are the ones that have been protecting a consistent supply of this precious metal by excavating up significant quantities of ore under the ground. This kind of investment enables people to generate income also when the rates of gold are fluctuating every day. The key is to buy from companies who have a background of long-lasting success and also superb track record.
Gold mining companies likewise need to purchase the ideal protective devices, which is why you must constantly purchase gold jewelry from credible jewelry makers. Among the manner ins which they safeguard themselves as well as their devices is by utilizing the best protecting recognized to man, which is bullion. Gold bullion is in fact constructed of solid gold bars, as well as therefore, it is extremely sturdy and long lasting, and also it will certainly maintain its appearance. You will not have any issues with this kind of investment, and also if you offer your gold fashion jewelry in the future, you will certainly get a higher rate for it.
The good thing concerning gold investing is that you do not really need to recognize anything concerning spending, especially if you begin your gold fashion jewelry collection from credible companies. All you need to do is to take your time to shop around for the best prices. Keep in mind that when you are buying something of this value similar to this, you should make certain that you only spend what you can afford. Otherwise, you will regret it for certain, particularly when the gold cost skyrockets. People have a tendency to invest in things that they can not pay for, yet that does not make them a great collector.
Purchasing gold is one of the most secure means to make cash, due to the fact that also in the case that the yellow steel’s price drops, it will always be useful to you. Along with that, you need to keep in mind that there are additionally other sort of mining companies who additionally have a revenue generating resource from selling yellow metal. It is essential that you have a look at these companies, due to the fact that it is your possibility to have actually an ensured source of income for your future. Remember that no matter exactly how big a company is, they still have to pay staff members, mine the land as well as procedure the gold right into bullion for sale. Nonetheless, as long as these firms have enough clients and also enough cash to run their service, they will have the ability to make it through and also continue giving you with outstanding products. gold and silver ira rollover
There are also other options when it comes to buying gold. For example, you can utilize exchange-traded funds (ETFs) to assist enhance your gold investment portfolio. ETFs are traded on the US market and also they are backed by a basket of assets. This indicates that anytime a firm pays for ETFs, all of its shares will instantly be bought by financiers.
Another prominent alternative for gold investment is to put your money in stock funds. These companies generally issue baskets of supplies or bonds, which enables investors to buy them according to their own investment purposes. However, it is very important that investors sign up with a mutual funds mutual fund so that they can increase their profile and hence, raise their income.
One of the safest methods of investing directly in gold is by working with respectable gold mining business. Gold mining companies acquire huge amounts of the precious metal every year as well as use them to investors. Normally, they set up a represent you and allow you invest in shares of their gold mining supplies. If you desire to invest directly, you can contact a company’s representative straight.
The last instalment is a little bit riskier in contrast to various other kinds of gold investment techniques. For instance, there are a great deal of unpredictabilities that includes a straight purchase of gold financial savings plan. To start with, you need to be particular that your picked business is lawfully recognized to purchase gold. In addition, you need to make sure that the cost of gold per ounce is stable.
When considering gold financial investments, it is extremely important that capitalists take some precautions. Firstly, they should never buy gold etfs, which are futures contracts where financiers are consenting to acquire or market a particular quantity of gold at a particular date in the future. This kind of financial investment lugs considerable danger. To protect themselves, financiers need to make the repayment in cash and also must never ever purchase gold bullion. Last but not least, they ought to never ever use their credit cards to make gold financial investments.
A gold IRA is an outstanding means to spend. The most effective feature of this kind of IRA is that the account owner is enabled to spend for his/her own when it comes to gold prices. The individual retirement account custodian will certainly buy bullion for the investor and also sell it when the costs go up or down. The capitalist does not have to pay any kind of costs when purchasing or marketing the bullion.
Financiers that do not intend to take a threat in a Roth IRA might go with non-traditional funds instead. One of the alternatives offered to them is spending via mutual funds. These funds combine a variety of various investment lorries into one huge portfolio. A few of the categories in which mutual funds can be found include stock funds, mutual fund, gold funds and also real estate funds.
There are other choices available when it concerns acquiring physical gold financial investments. One option is getting shares in mining firms. This is something that must be taken into consideration really meticulously because much of these mining companies need to pay large dividends on a regular basis. While the reward is very eye-catching, investors need to bear in mind that this suggests the investors will certainly need to pay tax obligations on their investment. gold backed ira custodians
An additional alternative that has actually come to be prominent among capitalists seeking gold investments is gold futures and choices. Gold futures and choices refer to buying or selling gold stocks over an amount of time in order to accomplish your investment objective. One of the benefits of this sort of financial investment is that you do not need to in fact acquire the steel as you are spending. You can instead put a series of orders as well as wait to get repayments from the business that uses you the gold futures or options.Sainsbury's has released an important notice to its Nectar card holders ahead of the festive season.
In the run-up to Christmas, many shoppers will be spending more on their weekly food shop as they stock up on treats and presents.
To help customers make the most out of their Nectar card, the supermarket is holding a special promotion.
People signed up for the loyalty card scheme can now take advantage of the annual Nectar Double Up event.
The offer allows you to double the value of your Nectar points to spend in store at Sainsbury’s, Birmingham Live reports.
Shoppers don't need to print out any vouchers and can instantly obtain their voucher by heading to the Nectar app between November 11 and 17.
Vouchers can be spent in larger Sainsbury's stores between 11 and 17 November.
Sainsbury's has warned shoppers they can't spend the vouchers online, though.
Shoppers currently earn one Nectar point per £1 spent at Sainsbury's, and when redeemed in store, each Nectar point is usually worth 0.5p – so 1,000 points equates to £5.
Jimmy Galloway, Loyalty Marketing Manager at Sainsbury’s, said: “The Double Up event has proved to be immensely popular in the past and we know that this year more than ever our customers are looking to make their money go further and find little ways to help with the cost of Christmas.
"We are delighted to announce it is returning again this year and are glad to help out those customers who are looking to get a head start on their shopping.”Work With Us
Client: Institute of Development Studies and Beyond 2015
Work With Us is a 20-minute film produced in collaboration with communities around the world as part of the Participate initiative. The film, recorded over 9 months in 7 countries, provides an opportunity for some of the
most marginalised people to communicate directly to decision-makers. From disabled people living in slums to indigenous people protecting their rights it looks at some of the insights and stories that can emerge from participatory research, and what this contributes to the policy arena.
The purpose of the film is to both illustrate the kinds of knowledge that emerges through participatory research,
and how change can happen. It highlights the need for on-going commitment, involvement, and support from decision-makers and for collaborative dialogue and action.
The participants in the film worked with the filmmakers to plan the content identifying the stories they wanted to tell and how they wanted to communicate them. The film places the participants at the centre of their own stories in the locations where they live. The participants in the film speak directly to the audience in their own language presenting and exploring the context of their stories.
The film also looks at why dialogue with marginalised groups is important, how participatory processes can contribute through ground-level perspectives and how change can happen in context.
The stories, messages and perspectives that emerge provide background to how change can happen and
the challenges in dealing with complex issues.EK-Quantum Momentum ROG Strix X570-E D-RGB - Plexi
Optimus Foundation AMD CPU Block - Acrylic Nickel with Satin Aluminum mount
Optimus Foundation AMD CPU Block - Acrylic Nickel with Satin Aluminum mount
PERFORMANCE FIRST MODULAR DESIGN
Made for performance-first, the Foundation block's design allows the liquid flow to match the 3000 series Ryzen CPU die layout perfectly (see left).
Moreover, the Foundation series is fully modular, meaning the top block and cold plate can be rotated in any direction while keeping the bracket stamped steel. This allows high pressure and accuracy when securing the block. Plus, it looks fantastic.
ONLY METAL-TO-METAL SCREW THREADS
All Optimus products are assembled with metal screws into metal threads, never acrylic or acetal threads. Plastic screw threads can easily strip and cause cracks, rendering a block useless. Most acrylic/acetal-threaded blocks can only survive a few assemblies before stripping. By eliminating plastic threads entirely, Optimus blocks are able to be reassembled for years to come. Plus, securing the top block using steel screws into machined aluminum mounting plate means leak-proof pressure.. parts?
OPTIMUS Pro·XENICKEL
Optimus Pro-XEis our proprietary electroless nickel process for liquid cooling parts. Electroless nickel, unlike electroplated, is an aerospace industrial finish with extreme chemical resistance, hardness and superior fluid lubricity. Our Pro-XE nickel is specifically tailored for liquid cooling, providing maximum corrosion protection, even in places normal nickels can't reach, like inside our cold plate's 202 micron channels.
SAFE FOR H2O
Optimus Pro-XE nickel is able to withstand saltwater, corrosive chemicals and, yes, even plain water.With Optimus parts, Pro-XE nickel, but the results look great and are nearly indestructible.
So why isn't everyone using electroless? Cost and appearance. Electroless is far more difficult to manufacture, especially when achieving perfect finishes needed for premium PC builds. And electrolytic can achieve that bright chrome look, even though it's highly susceptible to disintegration.
THE FINEST FINS EVER CREATED
Over three years of development went into creating our truly next-level patent-pending fin technology. Using a fully CNC machining process, Optimus is able to achieve 0.1016mm (0.004”) fins with 0.2032mm (0.008”) micro channels. This isn't just superior craftsmanship, it's generations beyond other fin designs..
Materials
- TOP PLATE: Cast acrylic from Plexiglas® or black acetal from Röchling
- COLD PLATE: US-sourced premium C110-grade copper, guaranteed ASTM B187 spec
- COLD PLATE FINISH: Raw copper or Pro-XE nickel
- BRACKET: US-sourced machined 6061 aluminum, satin anodized
- O-RINGS: US-made plasticizer-free EPDM o-rings
- SCREWS: 18-8 stainless steel or black oxide over stainless steel mounting screws, stainless steel cold plate screws
- MOUNTING: Optimus-made CNCed stainless steel posts and 6061 thumbscrews
Compatibility
- MOUNTING: AMD AM4 and AM3 sockets. Not compatible with Threadripper TR4
- COOLING: Compatible with all Ryzen series, including 3000 series with 16 cores
- MODULARITY: Modular design for swapping mounting plates, cold plates and tops
In The Box
- 1 x Foundation CPU Block
- 4 x Optimus CNC Mounting Posts w/ bushings
- 4 x Optimus CNC Thumb Screws
- 1 x AMD back plate
- 1 x Thermal paste syringe
- 1 x Installation instructionsWith the advent of better and faster computer vision models, panoptic driving perception systems have become an essential part of autonomous driving. So much so that companies like Comma.ai are ditching additional sensors like Lidars and radars altogether. To help the driving system navigate the vehicle, the perception system needs to extract visual information from the surrounding information. Three of the primary requirements are:
There are numerous state-of-the-art algorithms that handle each of these tasks separately. Take for instance Mask R-CNN and YOLOR for object detection, or models like UNet and PSPNet for semantic segmentation. Despite their excellent individual performances, processing each of these tasks one by one takes a long time. In addition to that, the embedded devices these models are ultimately deployed have very limited computational resources, this makes the sequential approach even more impractical.
These traffic scene understanding tasks have a lot of related information, for example, the lanes often mark the boundary of the drivable area, and most traffic objects are generally located within the drivable area. YOLOP, You Only Look Once for Panoptic Driving Perception, takes a multi-task approach to these tasks and leverages the related information to build a faster, more accurate solution.
YOLOP has one shared encoder and three decoder heads to solve specific tasks. There are no complex shared blocks between different decoders to keep the computation to a minimum and allow for easier end-to-end training.
The encoder consists of a backbone network and a neck network. YOLOP employs the lightweight CSPDarknet as the backbone, which is used to extract features from the input images. It supports feature propagation and reuse, which reduces the number of parameters and calculations. The neck network is responsible for feature engineering, it manipulates the extracted image features to get the most out of them. It consists of a Spatial Pyramid Pooling (SPP) module and a Feature Pyramid Network (FPN) module. The SPP model generates and fuses features of different scales, and the FPN module fuses features at different semantic levels. Thus, the neck network generates rich features containing multiple scales and multiple semantic level information. (Here, concatenation is used to fuse the features.)
For the object detection task, YOLOP adopts an anchor-based multi-scale detection technique similar to that of YOLOv4. There are two reasons behind this choice, firstly the single-stage detection networks are faster than the two-stage detection networks. Secondly, the grid-based prediction mechanism is more relevant to the other two semantic segmentation tasks. The YOLOP detect head is composed of a Path Aggregation Network. The FPN in the neck network transfers semantic features top-down, and PAN transfers image features bottom-up. YOLOP combines them to obtain a better feature fusion effect, the multi-scale fusion feature map thus obtained is used for detection. If you want to learn more about how the grid-based detection mechanism works, check out this in-depth explanation.
The drivable area segmentation head and the lane line segmentation head use the same network structure. The features of size (W/8, H/8, 256) from the bottom layer of the FPN are fed to the segmentation branch. It applies three upsampling processes and restores the feature map to (W, H, 2), which represents the pixel-wise probability for the drivable area and lane line in the input image. Where other segmentation networks would have an SPP module, the YOLOP segmentation heads don’t need one because of the shared SPP module in the neck network.
YOLOP employs straightforward loss functions, it has three individual loss functions for the three decoder heads. The detection loss is the weighted sum of classification loss, object loss, and bounding box loss. Both loss functions of drivable area segmentation head and lane line segmentation head contain cross-entropy loss with logits. The lane line segmentation has an additional IoU loss for its effectiveness in predicting spare categories. The overall loss function of the model is a weighted sum of all three losses.
The creators of YOLOP experimented with different training methodologies. They tried training end to end, which is quite useful in cases where all tasks are related. Furthermore, they also examined some alternating optimization algorithms which train the model step by step. Where each step focuses on one or multiple related tasks. What they observed is that the alternating optimization algorithms offer negligible improvements in performance, if any.
YOLOP was tested on the challenging BDD100K dataset against the state-of-the-art models for the three tasks. It beats Faster RCNN, MultiNet, and DLT-Net in terms of accuracy for the object detection task and can infer in real time. For the drivable area segmentation task, YOLOP outperforms models like MultiNet and DLT-Net by 19.9% and 20.2%, respectively. Moreover, it is 4 to 5 times faster than both of them. Similarly, for the lane detection task, it outperforms the existing state-of-the-art models by a factor of up to 2.
It is one of the first models— if not the first— model to perform these three tasks simultaneously in real-time on an embedded device like Jetson TX2 and achieve state-of-the-art performance.
The YOLO series has seen a lot of developments in 2021. In an earlier article, we compared YOLOR and YOLOX, two state-of-the-art object detection models, and concluded that YOLOR is better in terms of performance and general-purpose use whereas YOLOX is better suited for edge devices. With the introduction of YOLOP, a question now arises - “where does YOLOP fit in all this?” And the short answer is - it doesn’t really fit there at all.
You see, both YOLOX and YOLOR, regardless of their different approaches aim to solve the general-purpose object detection task. On the other hand, YOLOP was created solely for the purpose of traffic scene understanding, this is reflected in its design choices and its performance when it is trained to perform only object detection(as can be observed in the table above).
Do you want to learn one of the most pivotal computer vision tasks—object detection—and convert it into a marketable skill by making awesome computer vision applications like the one shown above? Enroll in AugmentedStartup's YOLOR course HERE today! It is a comprehensive course on YOLOR that covers not only the state-of-the-art YOLOR model and object detection fundamentals, but also the implementation of various use-cases and applications, as well as integrating models with a web UI for deploying your own YOLOR web apps.
This post is a part of my crossposts series which means I wrote this for someone else, the original article has been referred to in the canonical URL and you can read it here.Calendar of Events: North Salem
Event CategoriesClear Selections
Fri, October 22, 6:00 PM
Somers Library, Reis Park, Katonah
Somers Library Foundation Community Book Sale
The sale will take place from the weekend of 22–24 October at the Somers Library. There will be a preview sale on Friday evening — for a small entry fee you get early access to the sale and first dibs on a great selection of books. On Saturday and Sunday, the event will be freely open to the community. We will be offering two sale options — a set price per book or “Buy ...82 Primrose Street Katonah, NY 10536CRK 0512-1
Benin Style Bronze Head displaying Queen Idia, Mother of Oba Esigie, Nigeria
This bronze commemorative heads were once placed on altars are dedicated to past Iyobas (queen mothers). The most distinctive feature of this head is the marvelous high, forward-pointing headdress, which is a version of the elaborate coiffure known as “chicken-beak” worn by high-ranking Edo women. Her face is expressive of calmness and sensitivity befitting a person of royal rank, with wide-open eyes, full lips, a broad nose and scarification on the forehead. She wears a tight-fitting bead collar reaching to the back of the neck and below the chin. All these attributes denote high rank of the first woman among the Oba’s many wives to give him a son. She is granted the title of Iyobas seven years after her son is crowned, thus ensuring her immortality among her people.
Figure like this is made using the lost-wax casting technique (or cire perdue in French), which is the process by which a metal sculpture is cast from a vax sculpture. The work was done among the best bronze casters for the benefit of the king. Several family members held a unique position among artisans in Benin. They were a royal order, and a kind of title nobility was awarded to artisans who excelled through their work. Pieces were often collaborative, and even today there is no sure way to determine whether a piece is the creation of a single master or multiple workers. This ‘production’ was supervised by appointed ‘production managers’, and not all bronze castings were used as decorations in the Oba palaces, but sold by royal designated ‘business leaders’, who through Portuguese, French, Dutch and Syrian trading companies sold the castings to kingdoms in and outside Africa.
Age: Est. early 20th century
Measure: Height: 43, With: 14, Depth 15 cm – Weight: 3.550 kilos
Condition: Despite its age, this bronze head is in exceptionally good condition. The golden brown bronze is periodically covered by a fine layer of green verdigris which gives the figure a beautiful touch in terms of age. No damage or shards.
Provenance: Belgian private collection acquired through a Brussels art dealer.
Literature:
- Girshick Ben-Amos, The art of Benin(London, The British Museum Press, 1995)
Mack, John (ed.) Africa, Arts and Cultures. London, 2005.
Barley, Nigel. The Art of Benin. London: The British Museum Press, 2010.
Ben-Amos, P. Girshick. The Art of Benin. London: The British Museum Press, 1995.Request price for Bronze QUEENSteven Guinness in the UK is one of the very few economic analysts in the world who understand the insidious nature of globalization, and the role of the Trilateral Commission in bringing it about. ⁃ TN Editor
When the term ‘globalist‘ is used by alternative analysts, it usually encourages the mainstream press to denounce it as an anti-semitic trope which is concentrated on the belief that a select group of Jewish persuasion – dubbed ‘the elite‘ – control the world from the shadows. Failing that, the media will pigeonhole it as an abstract expression that has no defined definition.
The truth is that the reason the media does not want to engage with the concept of globalism is precisely because it can be defined to both institutions and the individuals that inhabit them.
To illustrate this, let’s use the Trilateral Commission as a specific example.
I last wrote about the Trilateral Commission in February when I discussed how the organisation was in the process of reforming itself. Back in the summer of 2019, they published a brochure called ‘Democracies Under Stress: Recreating the Trilateral Commission to Revitalize Our Democracies to Uphold the Rules-Based International Order‘. Within the brochure they spoke about ‘rediscovering their roots‘, ‘sharpening‘ their mission, and the need for ‘rejuvenating‘ their membership. All of this was predicated on a goal of upholding the ‘rules based global order‘ and meeting the ‘challenges‘ of the 21st century.
It was around this time that the.
Here is a direct quote from O’Sullivan’s monologue, which can be viewed on the Trilateral Commission’s Youtube channel:
We’re an organisation of people who have close ties to national governments, and often the ideas we debate in private inform our own perspectives and inform our discussions and deliberations and conversations with people in positions of power. That will still be true, but today we need to think about having an impact on the broader debate..
This is in concurrence with what the United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres said at the World Economic Forum in January 2020. When talking about his belief that global problems must be met with global solutions, Guterres commented:
Sometimes we manage, sometimes we fail, but one thing you can be absolutely sure – we will not sit quietly expecting a consensus of the international community to solve the problems we have been discussing.
The implication of O’Sullivan’s and Guterres’s words primarily suggest one thing, and that is that the organisations they represent are not going to wait forever for national legislatures to implement solutions for global crises. What they appear.
For starters, corporations and universities are not accountable to the electorate. But institutions like the Trilateral Commission are heavily populated by figureheads from multi nationals and the education sector.
Behind the scenes they are helping to formulate policies with the aim of them being carried through to national administrations for implementation. For an overview of how the Commission operates, I would recommend reading a copy of ‘Trilaterals Over Washington‘, a two volume book written in the late 1970s by researchers Antony Sutton and Patrick Wood. Here, the authors describe the composition of the commission and break down the power structure into three parts: The Operators, The Propagandists and Technicians, and the Power Holders. I briefly described each process in an article published back in 2018 (Order Out of Chaos: A Look at the Trilateral Commission).
O’Sullivan clearly states that the Trilateral Commission has ‘close ties‘ to national governments, and that private debate within the Commission is informing their own perspectives as well as informing ‘our discussions and deliberations and conversations with people in positions of power‘. This will continue, but it is no longer enough. Now they want to start having a bigger impact on the ‘broader debate‘.
By ‘broader debate‘, I would argue that O’Sullivan means you and I. The next logical step if you are the Trilateral Commission is to try and gain majority consent on the reforms they want to see enacted.
How can they begin to do that? Let’s be clear that membership of the Commission is not permitted for politicians who are in government. When co-founder of the institution Zbigniew Brzezinski entered Jimmy Carter’s administration in 1977, he renounced his direct affiliation with the Commission. But that did not mean Brzezinski was no longer in broad agreement with the objectives of the group. Indeed, after Brzezinski left official office, he returned to the folds of the Commission.
As I have pointed out before, the current leader of the opposition Labour Party in the UK, Keir Starmer, is an active member according to the June 2020 membership roster. This is a fact that is not mentioned on Starmer’s own website, his official parliamentary web page or in the national media.
When he was campaigning to be Labour leader in February 2020, Starmer’s connection to the Commission was kept suppressed. Evidence of this came in mid February when his campaign team was forced to deny that they had illegally accessed Labour party membership data. The matter was raised on a live BBC leadership debate show hosted by Victoria Derbyshire, where one member of the studio audience suggested that the reason Starmer was not facing an official investigation was because of his membership of the Trilateral Commission. Starmer very quickly brushed off the claim, and Derbyshire just as quickly moved on to another member of the audience.
This was an ideal opportunity to question Starmer on his involvement in the Commission – to ask what it is and how it may or may not influence his political beliefs and motivations. Instead, the BBC chose to ignore the issue.
Starmer may be in opposition, but his membership is relevant because the Commission is informing debate and is seeking to influence national administrations to adopt globally devised initiatives. Starmer is part of that process.
And it should be stressed again – out of 650 members of parliament, Starmer is the only one who was invited into the Commission (membership is by invitation only). Perhaps this is because of his legal prowess, as from 2008 to 2013 he was the Director of Public Prosecutions, the third most senior prosecutor for England and Wales.
Should Starmer ever make it as far as Prime Minister, he will vacate his position at the Trilateral Commission. What he likely won’t relinquish is his loyalty to the Trilateral cause.
At this point, a fair question to ask is what authority does the Trilateral Commission possess that allows them to believe that they could bypass national governments in pursuit of global objectives? After all, this is a commission that is not elected but has within its ranks men and women who are elected at the national level. It is a commission that is dominated by corporate interests and is privately funded..
From analysing the Commission’s communications, my concern is that the language has now shifted from an emphasis on national administrations to implement reforms to the global institutions seeking to do it themselves. This is global governance in all but name.
With the onset of Covid-19, the rhetoric has intensified substantially on the necessity for governments to rally behind initiatives like the Sustainable Development Goals and enforce them into national law. And if they don’t? Well, we will seek to do it without you is the message. As Meghan O’Sullivan admits, ‘we need to move ahead, whether or not we’re able to get our governments to agree with our prescriptions and recommendations.‘
Bill Clinton has been a member of the Trilateral Commission since its creation and through his presidency.
As usual, the unaware “have-nots” will be more bullied and harmed by the corrupt, deluded and selfish “haves,” a story as old as the hills…New England TreeAdd to Favorites
Landscaping & Lawn Services, Landscape Contractors, Snow Removal Service
781-953-2377
OPEN NOW:
Today: Open 24 Hours
COUPONS
PHOTOS AND VIDEOS
Be the first to add a photo!
Sponsored Links
REVIEWS
Write a Review
- General Info
- Residential and Commercial Service Licensed and Insured with the City of Saugus Tree Removal Tree Climbing Stump Grinding Line Clearing Lot Clearing Storm Damage Brush Removal Hazardous Tree Assessment Plow Service Landscaping Home New England Tree Company Serving all of New England New England Tree Company
- Extra Phones
Phone: 617-327-2003
- Hours
- Regular Hours
- Categories
- Landscaping & Lawn Services, Landscape Contractors, Snow Removal Service, Stump Removal & Grinding, Tree Service
- Services/Products
- •Removals •Stump Grinding •Emergency Work •Pruning •Fertilizing •Landscaping Services •Free Estimates
- Payment Options
- Logo
- Associations
- Better Business Bureau Accredited Business
- Other Link
- Other Email
Data provided by one or more of the following: DexYP, Data Axle, Yext.2008 Mr. DIRTcar Sportsman Series Solid
Weedsport, NY — January 7, 2008 – By Tom Skibinski, DIRTcar Racing NorthEast PR Director Matching the 16-race total from a year ago, the 2008 Hoosier Tire/Sunoco Race Fuels Mr. DIRTcar Sportsman Championship Series is geared up to generate another high-powered performance from top teams contending in DIRTcar Racing NorthEast’s entry-level open-wheel division. The chase … Read morePad: QA/QC Mechanical Inspector
Location: Lagos
Job Description
- Provides quality inspections in regards to welding and welder’s certifications, pressure vessels, heat exchangers and boilers, painting and coating, structural steel, and fabricated materials.
Job Responsibilities
May include but not limited to:
- Assess sub-contractors’ capabilities to meet the quality requirements of the project as required.
- Responsibility for the performance of all inspection and testing activities as defined.
- Assure that the contract obligations for testing and record keeping are adhered to.
- Control calibrated measuring and test equipment used on the project.
- Keep calibration records and ensure that all testing equipment has current calibration records.
- Ensure proper turnover of complete quality control package(s). Responsible for ensuring that turnover documentation is maintained, organized and turned over on schedule.
- Maintain project quality records for the construction phase of the project and quality audit plans, performance and management thereof.
- Perform evaluations of sub-contractors; facilities to determine their capabilities in meeting the quality requirements.
- Conduct periodic Quality Program training for site supervisory personnel.
- All other duties as normally required by our QA/QC Department, and as required by day-to-day business.
- Work with in precise limits and standards of accuracy
- Follow oral and written directions
- Work within company policy as outlined.
- Perform other duties as assigned by the supervisor as needed.
Essential Qualifications
- Five (5) years of formal training and experience in heavy industrial projects such as refineries, petro-chemical complexes, power plants, etc.
- Ability to effectively interact with project team members, clients, subcontractors, and craft employees.
- Must be capable of obtaining or possess inspection licenses and/or certifications as required while carrying tools and equipment
- Stoop, kneel, crouch and crawl
- See well (naturally or with correction)
- Eye-hand coordination
- Good physical fitness
- Good sense of balance
-.
Job Title: Expeditor/Materials Specialist
Location: Lagos
Job Description
- Interface with procurement department personnel, be a team player, communicate with buyers,
- accounting personnel, production control personnel, program offices, engineering and management, as required.
- Capable of communicating with vendors on performance related issues.
- Ability to read and understand purchase order requirements.
- Computer literate in order to compile tracking data and reports on a daily basis.
- Organize and file documents as directed, in accordance with department requirements.
- Solve problems concerning due dates, shipping dates, pricing discrepancies, etc.
- Quick familiarization with materials, yard functions, and company procedures.
- Assists in other areas and accepts duties and responsibilities as directed by supervisor and/or
- department head.
- Monitors processes to attain data base accuracy, bills of material accuracy, drawing management, part listing and material ordering objectives.
- Uses Part Master System to ensure material acquisition, planning, implementation and operation.
- Ensures timely, accurate systems information.
- Develops and manages material and selection to support management goals for production support.
- Accountable for input and retrieval of materials database.
- Knowledge of the principles and practices of Part Master Systems, purchasing materials, and
- production scheduling.
- Knowledge of facility products and their manufacturing processes, or the ability to acquire it quickly.
- Ability to effect accurate systems operations and record material/reports.
- Ability to function on a team and to work effectively with division personnel.
Education, Experience, Skills & Abilities
- Compiles and maintains material and parts inventory and status information to expedite movement of material and parts between supplier and Company in order to meet schedules and order
- priorities.
- Must be computer literate with excellent communication skills, self-motivated and work well under
- pressure.
- Minimum of three years’ experience in expediting or any equivalent combination of experience
- which provides the knowledge, skills and abilities in the purchasing or expediting area.
Deadline: 16th July, 2019.
How to Apply
Interested and qualified candidates should send their CV to: career@ppnl.com.ngusing the “Job title” as the subject of the email.Finding the right underwear for running can be a difficult task – no one wants to chafe on their long runs. In this Runderwear review, we take a look at three different products from the brand’s female running underwear range.
This article contains affiliate links that help to support Run Deep.
Overview
I was kindly gifted three products from Runderwear to try: two pairs of knickers and a sports bra. They are absolutely amazing. I am in love and I just want to wear them every day, not just when I am running. Both the knickers and the sports bra are just so unbelievably comfortable. I just forgot I was wearing them. They are worth every penny and I would highly recommend them – you’ll be running as free as the wind, as Runderwear products are life changing! Now read on for my more in-depth Runderwear review!
In-depth review
I’ve known about Runderwear for some time now, seeing their posts on social media and in running magazines. I also visited their stand at the London Marathon expo earlier this year. Since then I’ve always wanted to try their products and see if they’re worth the price. So when the opportunity arose for me to try them, I jumped at the chance!
I was gifted their Original Support Running Bra and I could also choose two knickers to test out. So, I picked their G-String, and their Merino Hipster, as my bottom gets chilly on winter runs. Luckily, I can wear them all year long too, as the Merino wool mix fabric will keep me cool when it’s hot.
On the day my Runderwear review parcel arrived I went out for a run; I was so excited to try them out. As soon as I tried the g-string and sports bra on, they felt so soft and comfortable. I just hoped they’d feel as great while I was running. I wasn’t disappointed.
Setting out on my run, I said to myself that I must concentrate my mind on my new underwear – how it feels, is it cutting in anywhere, any irritations, am I having to readjust my under garments. These thoughts lasted for about a mile, then because they’re unbelievably comfortable, I forgot I was wearing them and my mind wandered elsewhere!
Worth the price?
They are all just super comfortable, soft and they don’t rub or move – I feel they’re game changing. After wearing these three products, they’ve change my attitude to specific running clothing and how you can benefit form spending a little extra money in order to run without discomfort.
I truly felt like i was running commando because the knickers felt like they were a part of me. I obviously was on the same wavelength as Runderwear, as when I got home I saw ‘Don’t run commando’ on the inside of the waistband!
Before I tried them on I was concerned the product would not deliver what the price suggests. The g-string is £16, the Merino hipster is £25 and the sports bra is £50. The sports bra is inline with other big names in running underwear, whereas the knickers are by far more expensive than I’ve been wearing (just normal ones from high street stores). But after just one run, I’m converted. If you go for the three pack of g-strings, this makes them a little more affordable.
Material concerns
The material for the Runderwear knickers are moisture-wicking, seamless, chafe-free, breathable and the fabric is super-soft to the touch. The durable fabric retains its shape in the wash and the ergonomic design means the Elastane works with your body and keeps the fabric in place. The g-string and the sports bra are made from Polyamide and Elastane, and the Merino knicker has the added Merino wool, which makes them feel super cosy.
To help with breathability, the sports bra has mesh panels and the knickers have sections where the material is perforated. I wore the bra and Merino knickers on a warm day, and I didn’t feel super hot or sweaty.
There are no labels to get in the way or to itch you, and along the smooth seams there is soft elastic-type ribbon which sits on your skin really comfortably.
Fit
To choose the right size of knickers for you, you put your waist and hip measurements into the sizing guide and it calculates the size for you. It suggested that I was a large, so I followed their suggestions. The large fits perfectly; they are supportive but not tight, great coverage without being too big and cutting in places. The wide waistband holds you in, is super soft and comfortable next to your skin.
With the bra they have the usual sizes (ie 30 A), however my contact at Runderwear asked me to give her my under-bust and over-bust measurements and she would send me the right size. In doing so I found that my chest measurement was different to what I thought, so I obviously need to be remeasured at an underwear shop! I did this and for Runderwear I am a 36B whereas I currently wear 34B in my other running bras. You can use their Runder:fit Bra Calculator to find the best size for you.
I was concerned the bra would be too big, but it fits me completely. It doesn’t move or rub, plus it’s cut deep under the armpit, which I prefer. With the adjustable straps and the hook-and-eye catch on the back, you can easily and quickly adjust the bra. I feel supported and secure, yet it doesn’t annoy me across my rib cage like some bras do. When I took it off, I didn’t have any sore places, red marks or irritations, which is how underwear should be.
When I tried the hipster, it didn’t cover my bottom completely and I was convinced that on my run it would move, and I would end up adjusting them. Well, I went for a run and they stayed in place! No movement and the low cut at the top of the thigh was comfortable, and didn’t cut in or restrict my movements.
Gripes
The products arrive in their own cardboard box and inside the box they are in a resealable plastic bag. Even though the plastic bag is resealable so you could use it for something else, and the bag is recyclable, I do feel like it is a slightly pointless piece of packaging.
There is one tiny gripe I have is with the sports bra and the internal padding, which does move after washing it. It’s not an unexpected side effect and happens with another bra that has padding, however you can easily adjust the padding via the slits at the side. I personally would take the padding out completely, as I don’t wear padded sports bras. I understand from Runderwear that they will be bringing out a non padded bra in 2020.
Verdict
I’m a convert to the benefits of spending a few more pennies on my running underwear, and the Runderwear products I was lucky enough to review are just amazing. They are super, super comfortable. They are soft and flexible, yet they hold you in and stay in place while you run. It’s a very satisfying feeling to feel such comfort next to your skin, to run free without having to rearrange your knickers! I have never worn a pair of knickers that make you feel like you are running commando.
FEATURES
- Non-slip adjustable straps (sports bra)
- Moisture-wicking fabric
- Seamless
- Mesh and perforated fabric for increased breathability
- Chafe-free
- Ergonomically engineered fabric
- Wide waistband
About Runderwear
Runderwear is the UK’s number one socks and underwear brand, as voted by the UK running community, and is based in Dorset. Their aim is to produce high-performance, chafe-free comfortable underwear for runners. Their product range includes different types of underwear, socks, running bras and base layers for men and women.By Catherine Hardy with Reuters
A siege at a youth detention centre in Brazil ends peacefully.
Hostage negotiators were called to the Rio Negra Casa Foundation in the city of Franco da Rocha after teenage inmates overpowered prison workers. The inmates lit fires on the roof and took advantage of their unexpected liberty to play football.
Ten prison workers were taken hostage but were later released unharmed.
Brazil’s prison system has been under recent scrutiny. In an unrelated event last month, nine inmates died at a riot in a jail in the north-eastern state of Bahia. 49 people, mainly family members visiting the prisoners, were taken hostage.All Jewellery
Shop Now
10mm Disc Nomad Earrings
A pair of sterling silver 10mm round disc drop earrings with a hammered finish. The earrings are hung on earwires with a total length of 2cm. 18c...
$60 $79
Shop Now
Small Signature Nugget Studs
A pair of sterling silver small nugget shaped studs with a radiant 18ct yellow gold vermeil finish. The earrings are an irregular organic shape an...
$49 $66ISC Recognized as a Roaring 10 Company by LSU
Baton Rouge, Louisiana – ISC is honored to be recognized among the LSU 100, a distinction reserved for the fastest growing businesses owned or led by graduates of Louisiana State University. ISC also earned a position on the Roaring 10, which is given to the top 10 companies based on financial performance.
The LSU 100 is a highly competitive program that evaluates and ranks growth and performance of global businesses. In addition to celebrating success, the program provides a forum to encourage, educate, and assist the next generation of entrepreneurs.
“ISC was founded on strong values consistent with those of Louisiana State University,” stated Jerry Rispone, Co-Founder & CEO. “Acting with high integrity, accepting responsibility, and respecting others are core to the culture of ISC. The character and hard work of our associates is what has made ISC successful and we share this recognition with our team.”
Co-founders and owners Eddie Rispone and Jerry Rispone both graduated from LSU’s College of Engineering prior to starting ISC in 1989. Since then, ISC has built a strong partnership with LSU including important contributions to enhance industry related education programs. Most important, ISC is a preferred employer of LSU graduates and will continue to offer numerous opportunities for students and graduates.
ISC is a recognized leader in delivering safe, innovative and reliable electrical, instrumentation and controls services. With value added capabilities, ISC’s full discipline engineering resources provide construction minded solutions to our customers most critical and complex challenges. ISC’s reputation as a honest, trusted and reliable partner has been earned through a commitment to our customers, our people and the industry we actively serve. We Are…Powered By People.TRANSMISSION: 10-SPEED AUTOMATIC -inc: 3.73 Axle Ratio, FRONT LICENSE PLATE BRACKET -inc: Standard in states requiring 2 license plates and optional to all others, EQUIPMENT GROUP 221A STANDARD PACKAGE, ENGINE: 2.3L ECOBOOST I-4 (STD), AREA 51, Wheels: 17" Carbonized Gray-Painted Aluminum, Variable Intermittent Wipers, Trip Computer, Transmission: 7-Speed Manual -inc: granny gear and crank in gear function and Hill Descent Control, Transmission w/Driver Selectable Mode. This Ford Bronco has a strong Intercooled Turbo Regular Unleaded I-4 2.3 L/140 engine powering this Automatic transmission.
This Ford Bronco Big Bend Has Everything You Want
Towing Equipment -inc: Trailer Sway Control, Tires: P255/75R17 A/T -inc: full size spare tire w/TPMS,, Spare Tire Mounted Outside Rear, Smart Device Remote Engine Start, Single Stainless Steel Exhaust, Side Impact Beams, Short And Long Arm Front Suspension w/Coil Springs, Seats w/Cloth Back Material, Safety Canopy System Curtain 1st And 2nd Row Airbags, Removable Rear Window, Remote Keyless Entry w/Integrated Key Transmitter, Illuminated Entry, Illuminated Ignition Switch and Panic Button, Redundant Digital Speedometer, Rear Cupholder, Rear Child Safety Locks, Radio: AM/FM Stereo -inc: 6 speakers.
Visit Us Today
Live a little- stop by Sames Ford located at 4721 Ayers St, Corpus Christi, TX 78415 to make this car yours today!
Shop Sames and Save
From Kingsville to Beeville and Everywhere in Between!!!Understanding eyeglass prescription.
.
What do all these letters and numbers mean?.
OD vs. OS Eye
OD is short for the Latin term oculus dexter which means right eye.
OS is an abbreviation of the Latin oculus sinister which means left eye. You’ll often see this terms on eyeglass prescriptions.
Sphere, Cylinder, and Axis on Eye.
How often should you get an eye exam?Korea Times
Kim Rahn
1/30/2007
One-fifth of North Koreans who defected to South Korea have gotten swindled here, according to the Korean Institute of Criminal Justice Policy. The majority of the swindlers were other North Korean defectors.
The report released Tuesday was based on a survey of 214 defectors over 20 years old conducted between July and September.
According to the report, 50 of the 214 polled had been the victims of fraud, theft or burglary. The victims constituted 23.4 percent of the total. Only 4.3 percent of South Koreans report having been the victim of similar crimes.
Most of the defectors who reported the crimes were affected once, but one defector was the victim of eight crimes. The 50 who reported crimes were involved in 91 crimes. Of the 91, 46 involved fraud and 11 involved violence.
The percentage of the victims who fell prey to fraud was 21.5 percent. About 0.5 percent of the South Korean population has reported fraud.
Among the 46 fraud victims, 28.6 percent lost money through a business or investment, 26.6 percent lent money to others and were not paid back and 19 percent gave money to someone who said they would bring the defectors’ family in the North to South Korea and didn’t do so.
Most of the victims of business-related fraud lost money after investing in multi-level marketing companies. Those who invited the victims to the join the businesses were mainly other North Korean defectors, according to the report.
Six of the eight cases related to bringing relatives here from the North were committed by North Korean defectors.
Those with more education were more subject to fraud. Some 42 percent of defectors with college degrees and 14.1 percent of high school graduates were swindled, but none of those who had elementary school education was a victim of fraud.
Most of the surveyed defectors did not trust people, with 63.9 percent saying they should be wary of others in South Korean society.
“The government has to prepare counseling centers and give more detailed law education to North Korean defectors when they leave Hanawon, a state-run settlement facility for defectors,” a researcher said.
N. Korean defectors shift attitude to adapt to capitalism
Yonhap
1/11/2007
For a growing number of North Korean defectors to South Korea, the stark reality of capitalism might offset their long-held dream of living in a free, affluent country.
In a capitalistic society like South Korea, a measure of freedom and independence can come only with ability to compete for decent jobs and willingness to adapt to new circumstances.
“They have a sheer illusion that if they arrive in South Korea, the people will treat them well. But they get disillusioned soon, and their lives get devastated if they don’t try hard to adapt themselves,” said Kim Seung-chul, a researcher at the Institute of North Korea Studies.
The total number of North Korean defectors will likely top 10,000 sometime this year, according to government officials.
So far, 9,265 North Koreans have settled down in the South after finishing all the procedures and obtaining social security numbers, while some 400 are receiving adaptive education at a state-run institute. More than 500 defectors are currently under the custody of South Korean embassies or consulates in Thailand, Mongolia and other countries.
“This year, a lot more North Koreans will likely escape and attempt to come to the South because the food situation is expected to worsen following the missile and nuclear device tests,” said a senior official at a Seoul-based aid group for the defectors on condition of anonymity.
Since heavy floods hit the North in the mid-1990s, the annual number of North Korean defectors reached double digits and in 1999 it swelled to a triple-digit level. In 2002, as many as 1,139 defectors arrived in the South, a sharp rise from 583 the previous year, government data showed.
“In the past, we provided direct help, or unilaterally protective aid, but the policy is shifting to an indirect one aimed at helping them stand on their own. The government will provide more job training and employment opportunities,” a Unification Ministry official said, asking to remain anonymous.
Since 2005, South Korea has introduced an incentive system for North Korean defectors on the basis of their performance in job training and the level of adaptation, aside from the money provided to help them settle in the South.
But the prevailing sentiment among the defectors is that they cannot survive in the South only with government subsidies or state-offered jobs.
“What matters is attitude. They should make efforts to understand the South Korean society and prepare themselves for competition,” said Kim Young-hee, 43, president of an aid group for North Korean defectors.
Park Cheol-yong, 32, who fled the North and arrived here in 2002, had difficulties adapting to the different work culture, but he decided to soldier on, believing that he would have a chance to get recognition after years of experience.
“The cultural differences are far greater than expected, but I tried hard to overcome the problem by adjusting to new circumstances,” said Park, who works at a stationery company.
Park, who is married with a three-year-old son, graded himself “mediocre” in the level of adaptation and expressed hope that life will get much better here as time goes by.
“Life will be much more difficult if I quit the job so easily because of the stress I get from work now. I will do my best to succeed,” said Park, who works for the sales of stationery in the morning and delivers stationery in the afternoon.New Standing Seam Snow Retention System Clear
Regular price $2.05
Our New Standing Seam Snow Guards are especially effective where ice and heavy snow are a problem. Featuring SST fasteners which do not penetrate the roof, there is no opportunity for leaks and they can be installed in any weather. The standard bottom ice bar mounts 3/8" of an inch above the roof to keep snow and ice from sliding while the second optional ice bar holds back deeper snow levels.
Ordering:
You will need to order one NSS Guard for each seam your attaching to. You will then need to order the appropriate pan width rods.
Example - You are doing one side of a roof with 36 12" panels, that requires a single row. You will need 35 guards ( one for each seam connection ) and 34 12" pan rods to go between them.
Typical Formula Per Row
Number of Panels - 1 = Number of guards you need
Number of Panels - 2 = Number of rods you need
If you wish to order your NSS snow retention system with it's optional double bar set-up, just order double the quantity of rods..
Not sure on the exact quantity you need? Feel Free to reach out to us via phone or email and we will help you configure a custom layout for your application. There are many factors that must be taken into account to assure your snow retention system performs properly. The above information is a guideline and the ultimate responsibility for the success of the system is with the installer.
Advantages:
- The New Standing Seam snow guard is a polycarbonate snow guard that is designed for new construction and can be retrofitted onto existing roofs.
- NSS guards are mounted using SST screws which are mechanically fastened to the standing seam, without penetrating the roof.
- NSS guards are designed to fit straight, T & L seams up to 2" tall & 1.25" Wide.
- Ice Bar is 1" in diameter and mounts 3/8" above the roof surface. Optional 2nd Ice Bar mounts 1/4" above the standard bar.
- It's cube shaped profile is heavily reinforced for strength.
- UV Protected - won't fade or break down from sun or harsh weather.
- Effective and Economical.
- Compatible with all metals and composites.
- Clear snow guards are virtually invisible on any roof.
- Custom colored guards are available.
- Free recommended installation and layout schematics.
- Please email us or call us for information on colored NSS guards which are available for an additional fee and have a slightly longer lead time.
- Rods are Acrylic and are available in clear only.
Lead Time:
Typically In Stock - Larger orders 1K+ may take 1- 2 weeks to ship.
Dimensions:
Base - 3" x 3" , Face - 3" x 3"
Ice Bar - 1" Diameter
Ice Bar - Will be cut to length to match your panel, typically 1.5" less than the pan width.Broadway Bridge
The South Saskatchewan River that runs through the city of Saskatoon, Canada under the Broadway Bridge
City of Saskatoon
The image of the Bessborough Hotel framed within one of the arches of the Broadway Bridge is considered one of Saskatoon's iconic images.
South Saskatchewan River
The South Saskatchewan River flowing through the city of Saskatoon, Canada
Broadway Bridge over the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Canada
Arches of a Concrete Bridge
The arches of a concrete bridge on a sunny day in Saskatoon, Canada
Fireworks Festival on the River
Saskatoon, Canada - AUGUST 31: The PotashCorp Fireworks Festival over the South Saskatchewan River on August 30, 2013 in Saskatoon, Canada
River through Saskatoon
Saskatoon in Winter
The Meewasin Valley in Saskatoon, Canada by the Broadway Bridge and Victoria Bridge.
Bridge at Night in Winter
The Broadway Bridge and South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Canada on a cold winter night.
Premier Collection of Stock Images for Digital Downloads or Wall PrintsWe are currently looking for independent social workers based in Kent and surrounding areas to undertake initial interviews and/or adoption assessments.
You must be SWE registered and have at least three years’ post qualifying experience, preferably in adoption or fostering.
You must have solid assessment skills, be willing to travel, and hold your own professional indemnity and public liability insurance.
We can offer a competitive rate for each assignment.
If you are interested in joining the team, please complete our application form.SIR: The increasing cost of running government-owned health institutions coupled with dwindling revenue and next to zero implementation by persons charged with the responsibilities of public health funds/revenues has led various health institutions with formulating strategies to improve the revenue base. More so, the near collapse of the economy has created serious financial stress for all public health institutions. Despite the numerous sources of revenue available to the various health institutions, over 80% funding comes from the annual budget of both the federal and states government. However, the serious decline in the price of oil in recent years has led to a decrease in the funds available for distribution. The need for health institutions to generate adequate revenue from internal sources has therefore become a matter of extreme urgency and importance.
Revenue generation is the nucleus and the path to modern development. Thus, poor management of internally generated revenue from health institutions is a serious problem.
It is of a general knowledge that for health institutions to completely admit or recognize a person as their patient, certain preliminary obligations in the form of registration, collection of cards and sometime deposit of certain amount of money must have been fulfilled by such a person which certainly would lead to such person parting with some money in favour of the health institution. Also, health institutions, being public institutions for health care delivery, also serve as revenue generating agencies of government by providing medical, surgical, radiological, pathological, laboratory, haematological consultancy and ambulance services, respectively and such other services related to health issues in exchange for financial payments.
However, the question most time in the mind of the average Nigerian is what do these health institutions do with funds accruing from internally generated revenue since the government and some donor agencies partner to fund healthcare in Nigeria? Research had shown that the internally generated funds (IGF) by most of our health institutions are recycled to meet up with health facilities, equipment and logistics needed to meet up healthcare provision by most health institutions.
It is time for the health minister and the National Council on Health to set up systems to meet the emergency needs of our public health institutions as well as put machineries in place for transparency and accountability of internally generated funds of our public health institutions.
- Advertisement -
- Gregory T. Okere Esq.
Centre for Social Justice, .Meet Garrett Braaf, Gospel Hip Hop Artist, YAF Participant
My name is Garrett Braaf and I am a Gospel Hip Hop artist. I have chosen this method of ministry for a number of reasons. I’m particularly fond of the musical style of hip hop, but not too crazy about the negative messages it sometimes displays.
Realistically, most of today’s young people enter the music store and walk straight past the GOSPEL section and go to the pop, R&B and hip hop.
My approach is simply to take the same high energy beats of today’s popular music and replace the negative message with the message of the Gospel.
In Mark 16:5 it says to “spread the gospel to every living creature.”
Why not do it in a way that will easily reach our younger generation? To me, that’s music.
To hear more of Garrett’s music, visit and.
Garrett Braaf is from the Diocese of Southeast Florida.
Posted in Young Adult FestivalAequius is currently evaluating new property investment opportunities and has identified two locations. We believe, in these uncertain times, there are opportunities to acquire properties at below market value, without debt and income-generating.
As each of you has expressed an interest in Aequius and potentially investing with us, we want to know your thoughts.Bloke who was dumped by girlfriend for boss gets epic revenge by advertising for ‘new partner’ position
ANYONE who has ever been dumped by someone they really liked will know the gut-wrenching pain of finding out someone doesn't feel the same way about you.
But instead of crying under the duvet and using his breakup as an excuse to eat junk food, one bloke managed to see the funny side of his heartbreak by posting a job advert for his next girlfriend.
The tongue-in-cheek vacancy features a photo of cheeky fella Aaron Adams and his ex Sidney Shelby, with her face crossed out and 'position available' in its place.
The couple were together for eight months before she dumped him for her boss, who she developed 'intense, strong feelings' for her new beau on the first day of her new job at a tattoo parlour.
Aaron, who works as a welder, says he didn't have many nice photos of himself, so after the breakup, he simply placed a big red cross over Sidney's face in his profile photo.
He admitted: "I kind of got the idea from Sidney. She kept going on and on about me needing to change my picture.
"She said 'I don't care if you have to crop me out or scribble me out, I just don't want to be in your profile picture any more'. So I took that idea and ran with it.
"Being a guy, I don't take a whole lot of pictures. I happened to really like that one so I just used my ingenuity and put an 'x' over her face and wrote 'position available.'"
The tattooed bloke has since won many admirers around the world.
Aaron, who lives in Alabama in the US explained: "I never expected it [the post] to be anything like it is. People have made TikTok videos about it, photoshopped themselves in the picture.
"I'm completely in shock since the post went viral. I've had a couple of girls from Australia reach out but that's on the opposite side of the world so doesn't really help me.
"I even had some university students ring me from Canada and they said they wanted to do an astrological chart on me to see if I was a good person.
"The majority of people who have reached out have been from the UK or Australia. I have had some offers to fill the position, but none from nearby."
His hilarious photo has since gone viral online, racking up more than 13,000 likes on Facebook.
Sidney said she knew she was immediately attracted to the owner of the tattoo shop after starting work as an apprentice.
She said: "Immediately knew I was attracted to the owner, my mentor, the new boyfriend, which is how I knew I wasn't in love with Aaron.
"So, I went home, and told Aaron, 'I want to break up. I'm attracted to my boss, I'm having very intense, strong feelings for him and I'm going to do something with him eventually'.
"I also told him 'I'm only telling you this so you can know why I want to break up, because you deserve honesty and a clean break instead of me cheating and sneaking behind your back'."
Aaron said: "It was a bad situation. She decided she liked her boss after two days in a new job. She worked with him and decided that she liked him more."
His witty post has won plenty of praise online, with one person commenting on the photo to tell him he had 'won the internet'.
Sidney was shocked by the public interest in the post - but she wishes her ex well.
She said: "At first, I was really in shock. As far as I knew, we were completely fine.
"We had been friends before we got together. We had been friends through it all, even since the post went viral.
Sidney said: "The only thing I have to say, is I hope he can grow up, stop acting like a victim and find peace."
We previously told you how one bloke was banned from Tinder for catfishing… and it was all because of a bizarre Baby Yoda photo.
For more relationship news, a bloke reveals why you should never ask "what are you looking for" while online dating and how it’s an instant turn off.
And this bloke was left stunned when his wife divorced him for leaving dirty plates by the sink.The Medical Device Coordination Group (MDCG), an advisory body of the European Commission in the sphere of medical devices, has published a guidance document dedicated to the applicable classification rules. At the same time, the MDCG emphasizes that the document contains non-binding clarifications and should not be construed as an official EC document.
Regulatory Background
According to the guidance, the classification of medical devices is based on the risks associated with devices used for their intended purpose. In order to determine the particular class a medical device in question should be assigned to, a set of specific criteria should be applied. These criteria include the following: duration of contact with the body, degree of invasiveness, local vs. systematic effect, potential toxicity, the part of the body affected by the use of the device, and if the device depends on a source of energy. These criteria are universal enough to be applied with regard to various medical devices based on various technologies. The particular way the determination of a class should be performed is prescribed by the classification rules set forth in Annex VIII of the Medical Devices Regulation 2017/745 (MDR).
The document further demonstrates how the classification of a medical device corresponds to the regulatory requirements with which it should comply. However, the MDCG emphasizes that the clarifications provided in the guidance are to a certain extent simplified and should not be construed as exhaustive ones. Hence, interested parties should refer to the Regulation itself, as well as to the relevant device-specific guidance documents.
Basics of Classification
Under the general rule, any and all medical devices should comply with the applicable regulatory requirements set forth by the MDR. At the same time, the particular scope of requirements to be applied depends significantly on the class of the device under the risk-based classification.
In particular, the medical devices intended to be marketed in the EU should:
-.
Existing risk-based classification divides medical devices into four classes: I, IIa, IIb, and III, respectively. As mentioned, the particular class the device should be assigned to would be determined depending on the device’s intended purpose, as well as the risks associated thereto. Moreover, there is an additional classification for Class I medical devices to be applied for those that are supplied sterile, have measuring functions, or could be reused.
Initially, the class of a new medical device should be determined by a medical device manufacturer and indicated in the technical documentation associated thereto. In this documentation, a manufacturer should provide clarifications regarding the grounds for the classification.
Another important concept the document refers to is a conformity assessment which stands for the process demonstrating whether the requirements of the MDR relating to a device have been fulfilled. The guidance states that the medical device manufacturer should be the party responsible for demonstrating compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements. In certain cases, a duly designated notified body should be involved in order to carry out a conformity assessment. The MDCG further emphasizes that for medical devices of the higher class under the risk-based classification, additional requirements could be applied. At the same time, some of the requirements are general and should be applied for any and all medical devices intended to be marketed in the EU. These requirements are set forth by:
- Annex I (general safety and performance requirements);
- Annex II (technical documentation); and
- Annex III (technical documentation on post-market surveillance).
As mentioned, the scope of conformity assessment a medical device should be subject to will depend on its class. In certain cases, several pathways are available, and the manufacturer may decide on the one to be followed.
The MDCG explicitly states that there are specific requirements to be applied for custom-made or investigational medical devices irrespectively of the class to which they are assigned.
Clinical Evaluation and Post-Market Surveillance
Apart from the general principles described above, the guidance also covers specific aspects associated with clinical evaluation. According to the existing regulatory requirements, the applicability of clinical investigation depends on the class of the device and its intended purpose – for instance, it is mandatory for implantable and Class III medical devices. Should the manufacturer decide to demonstrate conformity without collecting additional data by virtue of clinical trials, such a decision should be duly justified.
The MDCG further states that for Class III implantable devices and Class IIb active devices intended to administer or remove a medicinal product, the notified body must also follow the clinical evaluation consultation procedure where certain documentation, including the clinical evaluation report, is submitted for review by expert panels as per MDR Article 54 and Section 5.1 of Annex IX. Additional requirements should also be applied in the case of implantable devices and Class II devices.
With regard to post-market surveillance, the guidance states that it is the responsibility of the medical device manufacturer to supplement the clinical evaluation with the additional information collected in the course of activities related to post-market surveillance. As in other cases, the reporting requirements would also be different depending on the class of the device. In particular, the following approach should be applied:
- In the case of Class I medical devices, it would be sufficient for the manufacturer to prepare a post-market surveillance report to be provided to the regulating authority once requested; the In case of medical devices assigned to higher classes, the appropriate reports should be submitted to the regulating authority on the annual or bi-annual basis (depending on the class of a medical device in question).
Moreover, in order to ensure traceability of Class III medical devices, the parties involved in operations with such devices should duly keep the records containing information on UDIs of the devices placed on the market.
In summary, the present MDCG guidance provides a brief overview of the classification of medical devices and applicable regulatory framework. The document outlines the most important differences in the approach to medical devices depending on their class, including the ones related to the scope of information to be submitted by the party applying for the marketing approval.!Aug 22, 2021 Zambia , Sunday 22 August 2021 Nationalizing Zambias copper mines The Zambian government has taken over operations at a major copper mining company in what is seen as a move towards increasing its direct control of the key mining sector.
Sep 28, 2019 LUSAKA, Sept. 28 Xinhua -- The Zambian government on Friday maintained that it has no plans of nationalizing the mines. Minister of Mines and Minerals Development Richard Musukwa said the government will instead continue promoting a private sector led mining industry
Oct 01, 2019 Minister of Mines and Minerals Development Richard Musukwa said the government will instead continue promoting a private sector led mining industry. Zambia says no plans to nationalize mines Newsia Mining, Nationalism, and Decolonization in Zambia Live Chat.
Sep 25, 2018 Economist Herryman Moono says Zambia should forget about nationalizing its mining industry but instead focus on fiscal policy. Mr Moono who is an Oxford trained Economist and former National ...
Aug 06, 2021 Zambian mining struggles to recover from Covid-19. Ahead of a highly contested election this month, Zambias economic recovery depends on the mining sector, one of the countrys biggest operators says. As pockets of violence rock the Zambian capital in the run-up to its fiercely contested election next week, miners have called for a radical ...
Nov 19, 2009 The private sector handles the funding and operations of the mining industry, while the government regulates manufacturing while remaining in control of the mineral resources. Nationalizing the mines could, in the short term, make South Africans better off on the whole.
the largest subsidy -18.3 percent received in any sector for any asset. 137 Mining is the most favoured sector in the Zambian economy, a source of significant resentment as the Government is thus favouring international investors over local business owners. have ...
Feb 05, 2021 Zambia isnt looking to take over more mining companies, nor is the government planning to nationalize the industry, according to Finance Minister Bwalya Ngandu. The government has acquired ...
May 09, 2021 Why Zambia may surrender mines to China. Zambia takes on 1.5 billion debt to acquire loss-making mine, raising fears it could ultimately hand strategic asset to top creditor, China. Zambia, which defaulted on payments to bondholders in November, is doubling down on debt with a high-stakes bet that nationalizing one of its biggest copper mines ...
Sep 04, 2012Nonetheless, this essay investigates the feasibility of nationalising the countrys mining sector from both a theoretical and empirical standpoint. Get Price 4.851.7K Nationalizing The Zambias Mining Sector aakarengineers
Feb 05, 2021 Zambia isnt looking to take over more mining companies, nor is the government planning to nationalize the industry, according to Finance Minister Bwalya Ngandu.. The government has acquired Glencores and Vedantas local operations in the past two years.
nationalizing the zambias mining sector. As a professional and experienced manufacturer of mobile crusher,jaw crusher, cone crusher,impact crusher,ball mill,super fine mill and vertical mill. zambia copper industry raftingandcamping.
When there is foreign investing in a countrys mining industry ... Nationalization - Conservapedia . Since the end of the 19th century, British miners had loudly advocated the nationalization of mines. ... West Germany did not nationalize industry after ... Feasibility Of Nationalizing The Zambia . Feasibility Of Nationalizing The Zambia ...
Jan 05, 2013 what are the advantages of nationalising the mining sector in . what are the advantages of nationalising the mining Chamber Of Mines.Zambias nationalisation of its in zambia disadvantages of nationalising mining More detailed
feasibility of nationalising zambias mining sector 23112012 the feasibility of nationalising the zambia s mining sector feasibility of nationalising the country Chat Transnet rejects claim of no significant mining-linked,, involved in the mining industry, the private sector to increase manganese export, and mining customers In addition .
Nov 15, 2012 advantages and disadvantages of nationalizing zambias mining sector. Posted atNovember 15, 2012 4.6 - 2649 Ratings advantages and disadvantages of nationalizing zambias mining sector.
Jun 11, 2021 Personal Viewpoint by Ng ndu Peter Magande ZAMBIAS economy is going through a very difficulty period due to a huge national foreign debt burden of US 12.74 Billion and a domestic debt of K143.8 Billion US 6.45 billion. Domestic loans are made of unpaid money for goods and services acquired by the government from local suppliers. If you supplied excise books, medicines or fuel to a ...
Zambia has yet to address support.
Mar 05, 2021 The mining sector will bear the brunt of new measures, according to the report, with some of the worlds top producers of copper and iron ore, particularly in.
Jun 21, 2021 Zambia mining industry accounts for 75 of the countrys total exports, as well as nearly 28 of government revenue and contributes 14 of Zambias GDP Gross Domestic Product. It is alleged that the country is a significant source of high demand minerals especially cobalt and copper, hence providing opportunities to explorers, producers ...
Industry expert warning Nationalizing South Africa mining will scare ... Oct 7, 2010 ... The nationalization of South Africa mining would scare off investors at a time ... investment is needed most to help create jobs, say industry experts. ... Look at the advantages first
nationalizing the zambias mining sector BINQ Nationalising the Mining Sector in South Africa ... Posts Related to advantages and disadvantages of nationalization mining sector in Harare, ...
Apr 29, 2021 The Zambian Mining Magazine ZMM is a premier source of news on mining developments in Zambias most important industry. We provide in-depth coverage of mining projects and the personalities reshaping the mining industry in the country.
feasibility of nationalizing zambias mining sector Mar 08, 2003 nec feasibility study nationalization of mines nec feasibility study nationalization of min, nationalized the REE processing facilities in China, Read more mp4, CMPDI This was the time prior to the nationalization of coal industry in Nigeria Central, India, which adds a
Jan 08, 2009 Lusaka - Zambia The Mine suppliers and contractors Association of Zambia says nationalizing the mines is not the answer to the current problems in the sector.
Zambia embarked on nationalizing the mining sector. This was a departure from the thinking that had swayed in favor of state intervention in the economy, which was, in part, based on Keynesian ideas and planning under the former Soviet Union. Subsequently, a combination of colonial legacy problems, decline of copper prices, unbridled government
Jun 06, 2019 Mining sector . The Joint Managing Director of a mining company, RSA Private Limited, Singye Namgyal said that the current mining act is outdated and new rules and regulations need to be put in place which will better monitor the entire sector and ensure that the nation as a whole benefits reducing environmental impact while contributing revenue.
May 06, 2021 Verisk Maplecroft mentioned that the economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has additional inspired authorities intervention within the mining sector. Final 12 months, Zambia started talks with the Worldwide Financial Fund on a financial program that can kind the
Mar 12, 2021 Zambia Nationalizing Zambias Copper Mines. Molten copper being poured at a Mopani Mine in Zambia. The Zambian government has taken over operations at a major
Mar 12, 2021 Nationalizing Zambias Copper Mines. March 12, 2021. March 12, 2021. Janet. The Zambian government has taken over operations at a major copper mining company in what
nationalizing the zambias mining sector As a professional and experienced manufacturer of mobile crusher,jaw crusher, cone crusher,impact crusher,ball mill,super fine
Master first-hand information, focus on sand and aggregate information. Focus on industry trends, focus on information value, and tap business opportunities in the era.Pearl Lagoon
GAME INFORMATION
- Video slot presentation with 5 reels, 3 rows and 20 pay-lines
- Wild symbol helps you complete winning combinations on the reels
- Double the value of any combination that features a wild symbol
- Land 3 or more scatters in view to launch the free spin round
- Start the free spin round with 15 free spins and all wins paid at 3x normal value
- Re-trigger the bonus up to 3 more times for a maximum 60 spins in the bonus
- Wild symbol still works in the same way in the bonus round
- Top single line jackpot of 5000 coins available
- RTP and paytable information is stored within the game
Restart slideshow
20 Signs Your Tween Is Turning Into a Teen
10. Still In The Bathroom?
Kids may develop an interest in the bathroom mirror, spending a lot of time styling braids and ponytails or using hair gels. Nobody goes from novice to professional stylist in a day, or even a month, so support your blossoming child and offer support, if only by saying, “I like your hair.”This page lists the Key Donors who made our 2017-18 Challenge Match possible.
These Key Donors together donated over $35,000 for the William A. Kerr Foundation Challenge, and an additional $35,000 to the Pat Jones Challenge--with the challenge to all the other MoBikeFed members and supporters: Can you match this amount?
Our annual Fund Raising Challenge brings in the core of the funding that makes our organizations financially stable and helps make our Vision for Bicycling and Walking in Missouri a reality.
If you would like to become a Key Donor for the current year, please contact director [at] mobikefed.org or call 816-336-2550.
If you should be listed and are not or if you would like to make your listing anonymous, please email or call the Executive Director (director[at]mobikefed.org or 816-336-2550).ul 10, 2014, by NelsonHall Analyst
After three months of talks, Teleperformance is to acquire Aegis' U.S, Philippines and Cost Rican operations for $610m. The transaction will involve the transfer of 19,000 agents (18,000 work stations) in 16 centers, representing ~$400m in annual revenues. Aegis will bring to Teleperformance the following operations: The U.S: nine sites with ~5,300 total seats The Ph[...]Dear Kildeer Families,
I'd say this week was exactly what we needed as a community. Thank you so much to all of the families that came out Tuesday night to attend the evening hours of the book fair and the ice cream social. My family came home with some great new books, a sugar rush from the tasty ice cream and toppings, as well as pure joy from playing on the playground. My daughter, Nolyn, has recently mastered the monkey bars and was showing off her skills to anyone that would give her an audience. Also, my son, Colton, debuted his new haircut!
It felt so wonderful to have our families back in the hallways of Kildeer together. I even saw some former students that have not stepped foot in our school for several years. My heart was absolutely full to see the joy this event brought to all. Throughout the evening and in between navigating my own children, I also chatted with many families about how refreshing it felt to be together in person. This once again reminded me of the importance of human connection.
None of this would have been possible without the support of our PTO volunteers. The amount of time, thought, and love that goes into planning a community event is admirable. There is a TON involved such as (yet not limited to): working with Scholastic to order the books, setting up the books, sending out communication to the teachers and families, coordinating volunteers, crossing our fingers for good weather, keeping track of our own kids, printing our pre-orders, and the list could go on and on...... The point here is a heartfelt thank you to all that had a hand in this event!
I also want to shout out to Mr.Higgins for bringing his daughter to check out our event, the multiple teachers that stepped up to volunteer or simply attend, and this generous community for attending and coming together to celebrate as a Kildeer family!
NEW *Schedule changes for the week*
- Tuesday, September 28- early release with student dismissal at 2:00
- Friday, October 1- half-day with student dismissal at 11:45 *Snacks and Second Lunch Update*
We are excited to announce that students will be able to purchase a second lunch and/or snack starting next Monday, Sept. 27th. ]
NEW *Online Author Visit*
Kildeer is trying something new with our author visit this year and having a totally virtual event! From Friday, 9/24 through Thursday, 9/30, students will participate in the event during their regular Learning Center class. This event is free from The Book Stall with the Mo O'Hara (author) and Jess Bradley (illustrator) coming "live" from England.
Click HERE to order books. Orders are due by Thursday, September 30.
NEW ]
NEW *Picture Day*
Picture day for Kildeer students took place TODAY during P.E. class. Be sure to order school photos. Click HERE to see directions. Picture retake day is on Wednesday, October 27th.
NEW <<
Thank you to all of the families for attending the ice cream social and supporting Kildeer through the bookfair!
As Always: Follow us on Facebook: KildeerPTO & Instagram: KildeerPTO
Our week ended on an awesome note with some delicious donuts from our PTO, a successful dessert day, and the cutest kids around for picture day!
I hope you all have an incredible weekend ahead and take some time to be fully present as a family. That is my plan and I hope you'll join me!
Fondly,
Mrs. Vail Kieser
PrincipalMark J Miller - COO and CFO, Full House Resorts Inc
As of May 19, 2010
Mark J Miller Net Worth
- Net worth is estimated to be at least $159.99K
- Owns at least 139,000 units of Full House Resorts Inc stock
Mark J Miller Trading
- Largest purchase of shares was 5,000 units , worth over $15K on September 13, 2007
- In total has made about 5 transactions over 3 years
- Usually trades in June, with the busiest year in 2009
Mark Miller
Mark J Miller Mailing Address
- Mailing address is 4670 South Fort Apache Road Suite 190 Las Vegas NV 89147 NV
Full House Resorts Inc Insider Trading
- The most recent transaction was 20,000 units bought on December 7, 2020 by Michael Hartmeier worth over $74.2K
- In the last 13 years, insiders at Full House Resorts Inc sold an estimated value of $10.68M and bought an estimated value of $5.73M
- The most active traders are Mark Miller, COO, Robert Kenneth Adams, Director, and Craig Thomas, Director
- Insider trading is most common in May, with the busiest year in 2015North Carolina Personal Injury Lawyer
North Carolina Personal Injury Lawyer
A personal injury case is one in which – as the name suggests – the claimant or plaintiff (injured victim) has endured some sort of physical or financial harm and filed a claim to receive adequate compensation. To receive compensation, plaintiffs must prove that the at-fault party’s negligence caused the accident and resulting injury. To learn more about the process, please contact a North Carolina personal injury lawyer today.
North Carolina Personal Injury Attorney With Proven Track Record of Success
Claimants prove negligence by establishing four elements. The first element, known as “duty,” establishes that the defendant owed the claimant a duty of care at the time of the incident. In the context of an automobile accident, for example, all drivers are under a general duty to operate their vehicles safely and within the confines of state driving laws.
Secondly, the claimant must prove that the defendant breached the duty of care in some way. In other words, the defendant was negligent. Examples of negligence could include:
- Driving while intoxicated
- Failure to clean a spill in the grocery store
- A physician amputating the wrong leg
- Driving a truck while fatigued
- Failing to warn shoppers of a dangerous condition in the parking lot
- Designing or selling a defective product
Third, the claimant must link the negligence to the claimant’s resulting injury – an element known as “causation.” Depending on the case, causation may be obvious from the facts at hand. Other times, third-party intervention may make proving causation somewhat problematic.
Lastly, the claimant must be able to prove damages caused by the defendant, including physical injury, property damage, and/or financial harm.
Contact a North Carolina Injury Lawyer
To begin a personal injury case, the injured party will file a claim with the at-fault party’s insurer (e.g., auto insurance for a car accident, homeowner’s/business insurance for a slip and fall, medical malpractice liability insurance).
Once the victim has filed a claim, the insurer will investigate. It is likely that during the investigation, an adjuster from the insurance company will call you for a recorded statement about the accident. Do not consent to give a recorded statement before speaking with a North Carolina injury lawyer as the insurer will use anything you say against you.
If the investigation finds you even one percent responsible for your injuries, you will not be able to recover compensation. That’s why it is so important to work with a North Carolina injury attorney to gather the right evidence and present a case that clearly proves fault.
If the insurer finds that its insured is 100 percent at fault for the accident, it will offer you a settlement. These settlements are notoriously low, but we can negotiate for a higher settlement. If the insurer denies your claim or refuses to offer a fair settlement, a North Carolina personal injury lawyer can file a lawsuit and take your case to a District or Superior Court.
Speak with an Experienced
North Carolina Personal Injury Attorney
Personal injury cases can be complex and stressful – especially for a plaintiff recovering from catastrophic injuries. To help lessen the emotional impact of an unexpected catastrophic injury, contact a Primerus North Carolina personal injury attorney to determine if you have a claim.L, members of the majority Labour Party — including Prime Minister Gordon Brown and several cabinet ministers — had their expense vouchers published. The newspaper paid an unidentified source for the information, which was due to be released for 25,000 pounds in expenses for security because she doesn’t feel safe living in the Soho district. Follett’s husband is the best-selling novelist and multimillionaire Ken Follett. 22,500 pounds of taxpayer money, just days after she switched her second home designation, to repair dry rot at her and her husband’s seaside home, a home locatedIn July I wrote about an exhibition of physical world photographs by Hermes Kondor, available at his own Kondor Photo Gallery (see: The beauty of steam machines in Second Life). However, that gallery is only a part of a complex that Hermes has put together, so I decided to hop back for a further look. The complex comprises several individual areas linked by a teleport disc system. These facilities comprise: a boulevard of rental studios for artists, an attractively Deco night club, and three galleries – including the photo gallery noted above – and a studio/gallery used to display Hermes’ SL avatar studies.
Hermes’ primary gallery is the Kondor Art Centre, which at the time of my visit was home to an exhibition entitled Reflections.
I invite you to join on a journey deep inside a magical lake, where we will find strange and beautiful creatures, lightbeings and gates to an alternative reality, deep inside a garden of fantasy and wonder.
– Hermes Kondor, describing his exhibit Reflections
This is a collection of 24 digital images that are truly remarkable in their content and depth. At their heart, each image features a mix of light, water (that of the magical lake) and and the reflections of the exhibit’s title. The majority of the pictures feature macro views of plant elements presented in such a way as to suggest they indeed from some alien – as in unknown – environment; alien, and yet somehow familiar.
Beautifully composited and and framed, these are images that are entirely captivating in their use of colour and light to create a rich sensation of living creatures of the imagination.
Plants and macro photography are also the subject of the images displayed within the Kondor Art Garden. Here, sixteen close-up images of garden flowers, each again perfectly framed through the aforementioned macro lens, again offering a considered balance of light and depth of field that makes for another quite entrancing collection of photographs, each one deeply attractive.
For those who enjoy images produced in Second Life can visit the Kondor Photo Studio. This is both a gallery and a studio, presenting a series of avatar studio by Hermes. Those interested in engaging him for a photo session should contact Hermes directly.
As noted above, I first came across Hermes work in his exhibition of photographs taken at the Electricity Museum, Lisbon, Portugal. I was immediately taken by those images, which can still be enjoyed at the Kondor Photo Gallery, and admit to be utterly taken by his work in touring the rest of the gallery facilities he operates.
Full SLurls List
Waka is rated Moderate
One thought on “The art of Hermes Kondor in Second Life”
Reblogged this on KULTIVATE.How can I obtain a certificate?
If you have a data logger that you want to recalibrate, simply send it to Tecnosoft indicating the reason for the return. Following an inspection of the data logger, you will receive a quotation for the recalibration of the standard points or any extra point previously indicated.!"
But perhaps this conversation isn't a laughing matter by any means. After all, it's pretty hard to get the sister-in-law's complete approval.
"Are there any boxes that she doesn't check for you?" Molly's sister continued. "Anybody that you marry, there's a few boxes they don't check. There's nobody that checks every box psychically, emotionally, mentally. Are there any boxes where you are like, I don't know about?"
And here we thought getting married at first sight was the hard part.
We'd love to share Jonathan's final answer, but you have to tune in to get some closure.
Married at First Sight airs Tuesday nights at 9 p.m. only on Lifetime.There is a long history of the use of medicinal plants to treat specific medical conditions. Many early medicines fall into the category of nitrogen-containing plant products called alkaloids. Ephedrine is an alkaloid which was originally extracted and purified from Ephedra sinica (ma huang) plant. Ephedrine is used for temporary relief of shortness of breath, chest tightness, and wheezing due to bronchial asthma. This biologically active compound has basic amine on its structure and the isolation/purification procedures relay on liquid-liquid extraction with sequential basic and acidic aqueous solutions and finally crystallization of the final compound. Please research and write a procedure (no longer than a page) for a student who use your procedure and be able to purify this compound. Also, write the reaction equation (or using a chart that show reaction of acid and base) for each step of extraction..Training For Service Leader Guide (Teacher’s Guide)
$15.99
Earn 320 points upon purchasing this product.!
Description
SKU (ISBN): 9780784733004
Jim Eichenberger | Orrin Root | Eleanor Daniel
Binding: Trade Paper
Published: 2011
Publisher: David C. Cook
Earn 10 points by reviewing this product.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Oltre all’aggiunta dei Mad Caddies alla line-up dell’edizione 2016, l’altra news è che il Groezrock ha rinnovato anche per quest’anno la “partnership” con la Fat Wreck Chords, che rilascerà un 10” appositamente per il festival. Si chiamerà Fat Music For Wrecked People: Groez Cruise 2016 e seguirà il Greetings from Groezrock dell’anno scorso.
Di seguito il post completo.MusicForWreckedPeople: #GroezCruise2016!. #fatwreckchords #groezrock2016The FCC has an open proceeding pending to allow AM stations to use FM translators. As we have written, while this proceeding continues, the Commission is allowing AM stations to rebroadcast their signals on FM translators on under Special Temporary Authority. In a case decided today, the FCC made clear that this is onlySunset Beach
Sunset Beach got it's name in the early 1920's when lots between Paumalu and Pupukea were subdivided and put up for sale as the Pupukea-Paumalu Tract. The two mile tract included all of the beach front property from Sunset Point to Pupukea beach park and was ...View MoreThe first specification of IMS is from 2003 and was created by the 3rd Generation Partnership Project committee (3GPP). The original area of application of the IP Multimedia Subsystem was the service network of the 3G UMTS mobile network. IMS is now also used in 4G LTE networks. The standard describes how multimedia connections and services are controlled by the IMS core network. Services can be provided over open interfaces via application server. The standard specifies transport, security mechanisms and signaling for this purpose. Whilst IMS was only defined for mobile networks, the standard was soon expanded to fixed-line networks.
Key requirements for a IP Multimedia Subsystem are linking classic mobile or fixed-line networks with IP-based networks and providing additional services. This includes IP-based real time services such as voice, video-telephony, machine-to-machine communication, as well as games. Thanks to cross-provider function and defined IMS standards new services and products can be established within a short amount of time. All communication between the subscribers uses packet-switched connections which are able to guarantee defined qualities of service (QoS) end-to-end. IMS allows services to operate independently from the access network and can be charged according to service.
One key component of IMS is the Session Initiation Protocol, or SIP for short, primarily known as a protocol for signaling and establishing a connection in Voice-over-IP telephony (VoIP telephony). In the IP Multimedia Subsystem, SIP governs communication between the individual network elements, as well as between the various users.New Year's Eve - How Expats Celebrate Around the World
Want to get involved? Become a Featured Expat and take our interview.
Become a Local Expert and contribute articles.
Get in touch today!
Become a Local Expert and contribute articles.
Get in touch today!
Filed: Features,
From Christmas Island to American Samoa, the New Year sweeps across the world as it passes the different timezones. New Year's Eve has long been celebrated with a diverse mix of traditions by different cultures. From the superstitions of wearing red underwear and grape gobbling, to the celebrations of large firework displays coordinated with music and watched by millions, New Year's Eve is embraced with great passion the world over.
Expat tend to bring their own traditions along with them too. Some expats will embrace their new country's festivities with new-found friends, whilst others may return to their home country to be with family. Some choose to travel for the occasion. We have an interesting range of NYE plans for you to read! These expats have also kindly agreed to take a few snaps and send in their favourite, so it's worth checking here again after the New Year as we update with expat NYE pics! From everyone at ExpatsBlog.com, we wish you a very Happy New Year!
Countries are ordered by the order they reach 2013! Click on NYE pics for gallery view!
New Zealand
The first major city, Gisborne, is the first major city anywhere to see the beginning of the new year. Generall NZ cities celebrate with large street parties and fireworks displays. In Auckland, the firework show is launched from the Sky Tower and can be seen for miles around.
Where: 90 Mile Beach, Northland Blog listing
We're heading up to 90 Mile Beach in Northland, New Zealand -- hoping to get in some surf or just chill on the beach. On New Year's Day we're planning on driving all the way up to Cape Reinga, at the tip top of the north island!
UPDATE On New Year's Eve, we were down at Henderson's Bay, which is on the east side of the long peninsula at the very top of New Zealand. We were surfing here in the afternoon, and then had a picnic dinner on the beach. In the evening, we drove back to our campsite at 90 Mile Beach and had some champagne on the dunes as the sun set on 2012. It was pretty awesome - and a great place to reflect on the year that's been and the year to come. I've included a photo of my husband, Aled Evans, surfing on New Year's Eve.
Where: Wellington Blog listing
Here in Wellington, New Zealand, with our three Kiwi born daughters, we'll be counting down the New Year as a family, watching the sunset at our favourite little bay and letting off a few fireworks. We'll take a dip in the sea at Princess Bay, reflect on the year that has been, and share our hopes for the New Year.
Our New Year celebrations with children are so different to our hedonistic 'BC' days. Wellington is putting on amazing fireworks at midnight and there's a countdown for children at 9pm, but we like keeping life simple at this stage in our lives - with younger children.
After our children have bid goodnight to 2012 we'll stay up to see in the New Year - soaking in the spa pool in the garden, under a starlit sky (weather willing) to toast in 2013.
Last year we celebrated at a 'bach' on the beach at Te Horo with my parents visiting from the UK. This year we are looking forward to them joining us on 5th January for six weeks - a wonderful start to the New Year!
UPDATE Our New Year was at home with family and neighbours, soaking in the spa pool, drinking champagne and watching the sunset from Princess Bay in Wellington. Wishing you all the very best for 2013!
Australia
Many events take place to celebrate NYE in Australia, including New Year's Eve balls and large fireworks displays with the Sydney harbour having 2 shows.
Where: Portuguese Social Club, Perth Blog listing
Our New Year will be celebrated with Portuguese friends at one of the Portuguese clubs in the northern suburbs of Perth.
This club does not have a "clubhouse", so they hire a school hall, each of us pays $20 entry fee and we take some food and drinks and everyone at the table shares.
There will be a DJ who plays all sorts of music and we all dance and enjoy ourselves till the wee hours of the morning.
This will be the 3rd year we celebrate at this club and we have fun and spend time with friends that we consider as our expat family.
UPDATE The Portuguese Social Club´s venue was full with 250 people, the theme was black and red, and most people had a tie, dress, shoes or hat with red.
The tables were decorated with had black and red cloths and balloons.
Everyone takes their own snacks, but there was a bar that served alcoholic drinks.
Just a pity the DJ ended his music at 1AM, as in other years the previous DJ played on until much later...
We still had a great time with our friends.
Where: Lavender Bay, Sydney Blog listing
I'll be celebrating NYE in Sydney this year, at a friend's place (in Lavender Bay), which has a view of the Opera House and of the Harbour Bridge! I'm hoping to get some beautiful photos of the fireworks!
We will have a BBQ on the afternoon/evening, swim in the pool and party!
UPDATE Here's a nice photo that I took of the fireworks over the Sydney Harbour Bridge. The photo was taken from our friend's place lounge, we were lucky to get such a good view. The whole neighbourhood was packed as you can imagine and it was great to be able to enjoy the celebration from the second floor of a building!
Where: Swan Valley, Perth Blog listing
This will be our first Australian New Year's Eve, and will be spent dining out somewhere nice in Perth's Swan Valley, before going home to sit out on the verandah -- listening to the clicking crickets - waiting for 2013 to be ushered in. Sitting outside during the day for any length of time is impossible at present, since there is a heat wave on, so it's pleasant to be outside in the evenings, providing you have plenty of mozzie spray that is!
Where: Sydney Blog listing
Well, I am far away from Spain right now celebrating Christmas and New Year in Sydney, Australia with my hubby. We are house/pet sitting two lovely rag doll kittens in Sydney in exchange for free accommodation, and are taking the opportunity to tick off one very large item from our Bucket List - to see the Sydney New Year's Eve fireworks in person!
Earlier this week, we also saw the start of the Sydney to Hobart Yacht race from Sydney Harbour on Boxing Day. Not bad, huh? I'll let you know how we get on with one million other people at the firework display!
UPDATE The weather was kind to us as we embraced the New Year at the Blues Point Reserve with a fantastic view of the Harbour Bridge, and Sydney Opera House just beyond. We were treated to two aerobatic flying displays and various water features before sunset, and at 9pm came the first of the two firework events, especially for the children. There was a friendly, festive atmosphere amongst the throngs of people all waiting for this world-famous event to begin. As the midnight hour finally approached, a pair of red lips appeared on the bridge to shout out the final ten-second countdown before fireworks erupted from the bridge, barges throughout the Harbour, and from within the city, lighting up the night sky all around us. This was one firework party I will never forget! Happy New Year from Down Under - or Feliz Año Nuevo as we say in Spain!
Hong Kong
Large celebrations take place along the harbour in Central, Causeway Bay and Tsim Sha Tsui. As in New York, a ball-drop takes place in the Times Square shopping mall in Hong Kong!
Where: Hong Kong Blog listing
Parties take place in premium spots around town and there's an impressive fireworks display on Victoria harbour when the clock strikes midnight.
I can't promise I'll see them as I'll be with my two year old toddler Ava...but there's every chance this little hyped-up blondie will join us for the extravaganza.
Being in hotels, my husband has to work, so we'll tag along to the W hotel for the "Countdown Louder" party in the very hip Woo Bar. It's all the wine and cheese you can eat....now that's my kind of celebration.
Malaysia
A major government-sponsored Ambang Tahun Baru celebration is held at Merdeka Square in Kuala Lumpur, with the event broadcast live on both government and private TV stations. There are also many NYE countdown parties at big shopping malls and landmarks, with a famous fireworks display at the Petronas Towers.
Where: Butterworth, Penang Blog listing
I just came home from a solo backpacking trip to Chiang Mai but nothing beats to be home again and yes, we had a blast with our Christmas as I celebrated it with my wife and our son in Mariott Hotel in Kuala Lumpur and enjoyed Christmas Masquerade Lunch Buffet at Shook in Starhill Gallery (which I am blogging now) on Christmas Day itself. As of NYE, my wife, Cristina and our son, Gabby and I will be celebrating it at our home here in Butterworth, Penang.
UPDATE As my family and I already had a blast with our grandest Christmas celebration in Kuala Lumpur for almost a week last year, we opted to celebrate New Year's Eve at home with simple yet satisfying midnight meal. My wife, Tina, our 8-year-old-son, Gabby and I trooped to the grocery on the afternoon of December 31st and joined the shopping rush. Because it's a Filipino tradition and Asian belief to prepare something round and circle on the dining table to represent infinite blessings and money all year round, we had fruits (should've been 13 in count to symbolize 12 months and an extra for prosperity), cheese flavored pita and Tina prepared some homecooked sushi all from scratch. Odd combination, I know but it worked for the three of us! We also wore red on New Year's Eve, the color that's considered very auspicious to symbolize good fortune and joy. And just before we feasted on what we prepared, we watched the fireworks in various spots in Penang Island from our 11th floor apartment's balcony. It's our very first time to celebrate NYE abroad and despite we're away from our beloved Philippines, what matters most was the fact that we're together as a family in this meaningful season!
Where: Kuala Lumpur Blog listing
UPDATE Here are a few snaps of NYE in KL. We ended up making some cocktails at home and watching the fireworks from our balcony.
Indonesia
Indonesians celebrate New Year's Eve with their families and friends. In Jakarta there’s a music show, countdown and fireworks and this year its first NYE street festival, for which the traditional trumpet makers have been extra busy. Happy New Year in Indonesian is selamat tahun baru.
Where: Jakarta Blog listing
UPDATE After much discussion, we ended up going to the closest party to our place. Boy, are we glad we did! Friends told us they got stuck in traffic a la Jakarta Style for about 3 hours! We had a fun soiree full of delectable food, festive champagne, very noisy Indonesian trumpets and amazing friends. We wish everyone an awesome 2013!
Thailand
The Thai New Year is actually celebrated on 13 April, although many also celebrate the Gregorian New Year on 1 January too! A family dinner followed by parties and fireworks are commonplace. The largest events take place at the CentralWorld Square at CentralWorld in downtown Bangkok, and the Pattaya Beach in Pattaya. The Thai New Year traditions include visiting grandparents for good luck and throwing water at each other! Happy New Year in Thai is สวัสดีปีใหม่ (sawatdii pimaï).
Where: Bangkok Blog listing
My husband and I will be celebrating from Bangkok, Thailand. This will be our first vacation in Asia outside of China and we are really excited to see something different. We are looking forward to seeing a huge fireworks show in the capital city. I'll be sure to post lots of pics the day after.
Cambodia
With ever greater numbers of tourists and expats, New Year's Eve celebrations have become increasingly popular in Cambodia, although the event is not a traditional Cambodian festival. Happy New Year in Khmer (or Cambodian) is sur sdei chhnam thmei.
Where: Phnom Penh Blog listing
Can't wait to spend my first NYE in Phnom Penh floating down the river surrounded by new friends. The night's going to begin at the Riverside apartment of a friend of a friend, complete with rooftop bbq. Around 9 pm, a gaggle of us will wander towards the boat that we've booked to cruise up and down the Tonle Sap, speakers declaring our celebratory mood and esky bursting as the fireworks shout about it being 2013. NYE has often been an overhyped holiday in my past experience, but somehow I think this year will live up to my mighty high expectations!
Pakistan
31 December/1 January is marked in Pakistan by festivities and fireworks. In Karachi, people visit the beaches at night and use low intensity fireworks to enjoy the new year. However, it is far more common to engage in what is known as 'aerial firing' to express one's joy. As Pakistan is an Islamic country, they also celebrate New Year's Eve on the first day of Muharram.
Where: Lahore Blog listing
I'll be celebrating NYE with family back in Lahore, Pakistan. We will most likely be watching worldwide celebrations on TV and indulging in traditional food
UAE
Nowadays, Dubai’s main NYE celebratory event is the fantastic Burj Khalifa fireworks display which attracts countless visitors from elsewhere in the UAE and abroad. Happy New Year in Arabic is عام سعيد
Where: Rivington Grill, Dubai Blog listing
Where: Dubai Blog listing
There’s a lot to choose from in terms of New Year’s entertainment in Dubai. Even if you don’t want to fork out for one of the ridiculously expensive all-inclusive restaurant packages, you can watch fireworks from the beach, drive into the desert for a wild night in the dunes, or fight the crowds to see the Burj Khalifa’s stupendous fireworks up close.
But I prefer to spend New Year’s Eve at home with friends. It’s become a tradition to play games while we wait for midnight to roll around, and my favourite New Year’s game is remote-controlled speedboat racing in the swimming pool – I’ve no idea why we only do it once a year as it’s great fun. You won’t believe how competitive it gets, but no-one’s fallen in yet…
This year there’ll be just six of us for dinner then, just before midnight, we’ll climb carefully up to the roof of our friends’ villa, from where we’ll watch the fireworks both from the Burj Al Arab and the Burj Khalifa. DH and I will walk home, tipsy, in the moonlight – and, call me a party pooper, but I’ll be in bed by a quarter to one.
Where: Dubai Blog listing
We are traveling our NYE :-) We are spending it in Dubai, a place we had never been to before. We are en route moving from Johannesburg, South Africa, where we have spent the last 3 years living a wonderful life, to the Nashville, TN area in the U.S.A., where we will live from now on. Dubai seemed like a good interlude to bridge the two. We will likely watch the fireworks at Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world, on New Year's Eve.
South Africa
In South Africa, church bells are rung and gunshots fired to welcome the New Year and wherever they can South Africans party. Happy New Year in Afrikaans is gelukkige nuwejaar.
Where: Johannesburg Blog listing
We are celebrating NYE in Johannesburg with friends from all over the world, all expats who live here. Our theme of the party is the 2 greatest summer colors of this season Fuschia and Orange and our theme for food and drinks is, bubbles and a lucky food dish from your home country. We will be celebrating it with a group of 50-70 people and food from all over the world.
Where: Near Centurion Park Blog listing
This year we've had numerous offers. We accepted the first one that came our way and probably out of the other offers our preferred choice as it happens..
Turkey
Interestingly, you'll find that the houseware decorations normally associated with Christmas are used to celebrate the New Year in Turkey, with shops having a New Year Day section called Yılbaşı Ürünleri. Christmas trees are popular on New Year's Eve in Turkey! Celebrations see parties both at home or out in the clubs. Traditionally, lots of sweet things are eaten to ensure the "New Year is sweet" including a New Year's Eve cake with chestnuts. One tradition sees Turks sprinkling salt on their front doorstep at midnight. As with other countries, wearing red underwear brings luck for the New Year!
Where: Baki Beach, Konyaalti Blog listing
There are many ways to celebrate New Year's Eve in Antalya, from elegant restaurants and five-star hotels to downtown bars with live bands. But I'm spending the evening with friends on Baki Beach in Konyaalti, where we'll have a campfire and make our own music.
Germany
New year's Eve, known as Silvester, sees Germans celebrating at parties and fireworks displays - the largest being held in Berlin with an attendance of over one million people. The drink of choice is Sekt or Champagne. Traditions include molten lead being dropped into water, with the shape determining the future; and some food is left on their plates till just after midnight to see good food provisions for the coming new year! The German for Happy New Year is Frohes neues Jahr.
Where: Weisbaden Blog listing
I will be celebrating NYE in a small village near Weisbaden in Germany with my new German family. It will be a quiet night filled with board games and best of all, cheese fondue.
Where: Berlin Blog listing
I'll be celebrating New Year's Eve at our neighbour's house, with food imported especially from the UK (apparently!) and will set off a bumper load of fireworks at midnight - got to keep up with the rest of Berlin! My husband and daughter will be at the party, although my mother - who stays with us over the festive season - has volunteered to look after our dog that evening. I shall probably end up popping back and forth to ensure everyone is happy.
Switzerland
New Year’s Eve celebrations vary across the country from the "Altjahresel" parade in Schwarzenburg or the parade of lanterns in Wil, to torchlight descents by ski instructors and parties in a resort and fantastic fireworks displays in Zurich. Happy New Year in Swiss-German is es guets Nöis.
Where: Zurich Blog listing
This year, it will be soft drinks at home rather than heading in to Zurich to see the fireworks. With our second child due any day now, we're on full alert and ready to make a quick dash to the hospital.
Where: Zurich Blog listing
UPDATE Nothing says welcome 2013 in Switzerland like church bells and the haze that lays over the city from too many fireworks!
Austria
New Year's Eve sees bands, concerts and fireworks throughout Austria. Vienna has the Imperial Ball and the concert by the Vienna Symphony, both of which are extremely popular. The streets also see concerts and much partying! In Austrian, Happy New Year is Ein gutes neues Jahr.
Where: Tiroler Landestheater in Innsbruck Blog listing
Where: Vienna Blog listing
UPDATE We went out and wandered around Vienna's hopping street party until about 10:30. At that point, the kids had had enough, so we came home, but we got to enjoy the fireworks from our kitchen window. Happy New Year! Welcome to 2013!
Poland
NYE, known as Sylvester, after legend has it that Pope Sylvester I foiled the plans of a dragon to devour the world in year 1000! Poles celebrate at home or at large outdoor concerts (with fireworks) such as the one held in the Main Square in Krakow. Others head for the mountains to celebrate the New Year. Happy New Year in Polish: Szczesliwego Nowego Roku.
Where: Bydgoszcz Blog listing
In Poland we will be here at home hosting a party with family and friends. Then at midnight we will be shooting off fireworks much like the 4th of July in the USA.
France
La Saint-Sylvestre is celebrated in France with a feast for family and friends called le Réveillon de la Saint-Sylvestre, which traditionally includes duck/goose and lots of wine/champagne! The French for Happy New Year is Bonne année.
Where: Bretagne Blog listing
Since I'm an expat in France and love the Bretagne region, we're heading up to the Quimper area for a nice, relaxing week. New Year's Eve is also my birthday so it'll be great to get away. I love exploring new towns in France -- they're all very charming and special in their own way. Now let's just hope it doesn't rain!
Where: Paris Blog listing
UPDATE As promised a picture of our NYE's dinner. We had a blast all night and I was thrilled to ring 2013 with my friends. Looking forward to this exciting year (i am the 6-months pregnant lady in the front!)
Where: Tignes Blog listing
I'll be celebrating NYE in Tignes, a ski resort in the French Alps, where the DJ Martin Solveig will be playing. I am heading there with my partner and some friends!
Where: Provence Blog listing
UPDATE Our evening at the local restaurant in Le Petit Village was a blast and the six course meal was Michelin worthy! It was an exquisite way to kick off 2013.
I've attached a photo of the menu and the cheese plate, both were impressive.
Where: Closerie Falaiseau, Blois Blog listing
For New Year, we're going down to Closerie Falaiseau, our Renaissance home in Blois to finish renovating our 400-year-old fireplace and when it's finished - hopefully by the end of the week - we'll sabre our vintage champagne, cut a slice of our home-made foie gras and wish in 2013 in the front of a blazing fire.
Netherlands
On the evening of December 31, may people hold or attend parties to celebrate the end of the past year and welcome the New Year. In some towns and cities, public parties are held or public bonfires to burn Christmas trees are lit. Fireworks are let off at midnight. The Dutch for Happy New Year is Gelukkig Nieuwjaar.
Where: Home Blog listing
We're planning to spend it with my parents-in-law at our home in the Netherlands. We may make pierogi (Polish dumplings), but since we haven't talked about our plans yet, we just have to wait and see whether they will be interested.
UPDATE Here's my NYE story. I ended up not really celebrating NYE this year because I came down with pregnancy-related acid reflux, and hadn't gotten much sleep the night before. I tried to stay up until 12 but in the end I gave up and just went to bed, while my husband, his parents, and his brother with wife celebrated downstairs with champagne and some olieballen (a delicious, Dutch, NYe treat, similar to donuts). I could hear the fireworks while lying in my bed and they kept me up for a while, but I soon drifted off to sleep.In the end, this is not the NYE I imagined, but I got my sleep and it was all that counted. I felt slightly better the next day. The weather was nice (cold and sunny) so we went for a nice long walk at the beach, and we then made the pierogi that we had planned for NYE. They took some time to prepare but they were delicious!
Where: Utrecht Blog listing
We generally have a quiet NYE at home, but we still have our own traditions. My boyfriend is from Italy - from the area where lasagne originated - so it has become our personal tradition to have his excellent lasagne for NYE dinner. And lots of good wine, of course! Here in the Netherlands, the big NYE tradition is to set of tons of tons of fireworks at midnight. They're all set off by random people, rather than officially organized shows, yet the variety and style of fireworks set off is amazing! In past years, we've spent the day trying to soothe our dog, who was frightened of all of the explosions, although we could watch many of them from our window. Unfortunately, this year our dog passed away a week before Christmas. Fortunately, our cats are ok with the fireworks, so we may leave them at home this year and go for a walk through the old city center of Utrecht to view the many fireworks. Then we'll go home and drink some sparkling wine and eat oliebollen (fried balls of dough covered in powdered sugar). They're a traditional Dutch dessert on New Year's Eve.
UPDATE Despite wet and windy weather, we - and many others - headed outside just before midnight to ring in the new year in the center of Utrecht. Oliebollen (Dutch fried dough treats) were being offered around, and the tradition of fireworks being set off anywhere and everywhere by everybody continued. There were some great shows, and despite the rain, I managed to get a few photos of the fireworks over the Oudegracht, the old canal that runs through the city. Overall we had a great start to the new year.
Italy
In Italy, the La Festa di San Silvestro is a great celebration, with a festive meal including lentils and in many areas a cotechino, a large spiced sausage, or a zampone, stuffed pig's trotter. Fireworks mark the beginning of the new year, with Naples generally putting on one of the most spectacular displays. Italian for Happy New Year is felice anno nuovo.
Where: Spello Blog listing
For New Year's Eve (known as "Notte di San Silvestro" as San Silvestro's saint's day is on December 31st, so he is said to close the door to the old year), I'll be attending a "cenone" (big dinner) at the home of my Italian teacher's friend. I haven't actually met this friend, so I wondered how she thought to invite me, and my Italian teacher said that I have my written blog, and he is his own blog. He told her about me, and our family's move to Spello, and now we are going to eat lentils with pig legs together. Along with many other dishes, my Italian teacher tells me his friend is quite the chef—when I wondered how to make "cotiche" (pig skin soup), he called her and our entire lesson was spent in discussion of this regional specialty. Which was fun, until everyone in town started calling me "cotiche". Kind of like my husband is called "Obama". I think I'd prefer being called Obama.
The Notte di San Silvestro will purportedly include a rousing game of "tombola" (Italian progressive bingo). I expect my children will crash on the couches, and we'll need to wake them to see the fireworks in Assisi, Perugia, and Foligno from the hilltop garden.
UPDATE Sitting down to cenone - a large dinner. Only large dinner doesn't begin to describe it. My son was under the impression the antipasti was the whole dinner and thought that was huge (everything from octopus salad to balls of ricotta rolled in nuts). But then came the pasta with shrimp. And the lemon gelato in prosecco. Then the lamb. And turkey. And eggplant parmesan. Then the obligatory lentils with zampone (which was fabulous). Then the desserts (four of them, including the most amazing homemade cannoli). The four hour meal flew by, and after fireworks we somehow mustered the energy to play tombola. And then crawled home at 1:30.
Where: Dolomites Blog listing
I'll be at a ski resort in the Dolomites - lots of prosecco, mad telemark skiing, dancing with Slovenians (and local Italian mountain folk!) and mulled wine! We are now beginning serious festivities here. My jeep is in the garage - it broke down before Christmas! - and we have driven up to the Dolomites in a washing machine with a couple of pedals... It's snowy and cold and we have have five bottles of prosecco lined up on the window. Two down so far! No skis but some dancing is expected at a ski lodge at the bottom of the slopes... Good wishes to all!
UPDATE We started out with five bottles of prosecco on the window sill and now there is only one bottle of locally brewed fragolino for whoever survived last night. It wasn't the worst of nights, meaning no one ended up a tree or lost their way home. We arrived late beneath the moonlit Civetta resort, lined up our bottles outside and began. Fireworks were on time at various points in the village, and we took a chilly walk in the streets towards the local disco (filled with non-locals and understandably overpriced) beneath the last fireworks while we continued to swig. No driving on this perilous icy night and home not too late to warm up with cinnamon tea and confused resolutions. Some of us are still in bed, some will suffer today with massive hangovers, and some of us are venturing out to the empty slopes for some stylish skiing. Good wishes to all and hope you have a healthy, inspired 2013 ahead!!
Where: Allerona, Umbria Blog listing
In my little village in Umbria, we're just having a small family celebration, partly because we have a 13-month-old who will (hopefully) be asleep long before midnight. We play tombola, which is a bingo-like game played only around Christmas and New Year’s. We play with money but the stakes are low; one usually needs just .50 centesimos to ante up.
The other traditions in my family are to wear red underwear for good luck, and to eat zampone con lenticchie. That’s a pork sausage stuffed in a pig’s foot, served with lentils. I’m down with the red underwear and the lentils, but I still haven’t brought myself to try the pig’s foot sausage.
Belgium
NYE is called Sint Sylvester Vooranvand or Saint Sylvester Eve. At family parties, kisses and good luck greetings are exchanged at midnight, toasting the New Year and absent relatives/friends with champagne. New Year day is called Nieuwjaarsdag, children write letters to their parents and god parents on decorated paper.
Where: Brussels Blog listing
UPDATE The evening was really cool, we practically danced the night away!
Where: Brussels Blog listing
We will ringing in the New Year in Brussels, Belgium with Spanish (and other global) friends... and will therefore be devouring 12 grapes at the stroke of midnight :)
UPDATE We had a wonderful NYE with a few friends (Welsh, Portuguese, Spanish, Australian & South African) in Brussels, Belgium (a truly global city!).... hosted by our Spanish friend. Lots of tapas and tasty treats... followed by watching the countdown on spanish telly while sipping glasses of champagne and just before the clock struck 12... we ate each of our 12 grapes making wishes for the year 2013!
Spain
A family dinner usually kicks off the New Year's Eve celebrations. The New Year countdown is often followed from the Casa de Correos building clock in Puerta Del Sol square, Madrid. Tradition sees everyone put one grape in their mouth for each chime of the clock before it strikes midnight, giving the person good luck for the next year. This provides amusing moments as each person ends up with 12 grapes in their mouth at the start of the New Year! Spanish for Happy New Year is feliz año nuevo.
Where: Fornalutx, Mallorca Blog listing
On 'Nochevieja' I'll be with my husband Alan and son Ollie and a group of Mallorcan and expat friends in the Mallorcan mountain village of Fornalutx. A public party is thrown with complimentary oompah band and Spanish champagne (cava). Just before midnight strikes all of us are given twelve green grapes to gobble down at each chime of the clock! Everyone dances and shares hugs and greetings of 'Molts d'anys' meaning many years. It's a wonderfully fun and joyous occasion.
Where: Almuñécar Blog listing
At this point we plan to spend NYE in our little village of Almuñécar at home. We hear the tradition is to spend time with your family. At the stroke of midnight eat one grape with each "gong" and follow it up with a glass of Cava. This is for good luck, so we are going to go with the flow in Spain!
UPDATE We gathered with the locals in the town square of Almuñecar, Spain. Adorned in our sparkly head wear and streamers. At the stroke of midnight we, along with all of the others gathered, quickly gobbled up 12 grapes. Each grape was eaten with the "gong" of the clock. This was quite the challenge and loads of fun. Many followed up with a glass of Cava and loud cheers! Fireworks were abundant until the wee hours of the morning. It was a magical night for us all.
Where: Andratx, Mallorca Blog listing
I will be celebrating in our village. We are a mish mash of different nationalities so it will be an eclectic affair. I am very happy to announce that the main party will be thrown by our local Scots John and Sandy so we are assured of a good do. There will be about six or seven different nations represented on the evening including Spanish, German, Danish, American, French and Italian, so it could get very messy deciding which New Year to celebrate. In the morning at sunrise it is the tradition in Andratx (which is our local municipality) to gather in the plaza and drink hot chocolate and eat ensaimadas. I hope despite the crisis that this happens! We´ll see.
Slovakia
While "Silvester" celebrations take place in hotals, in the mountains or at home, the New Year is often seen in with fireworks and toasts in city or town squares. Wish Happy New Year in Slovak by saying šťastný nový rok.
Where: Bratislava Blog listing
My husband and I will be celebrating New Years alone in Bratislava, Slovakia after a family Christmas in the US. We'll walk down to the Danube where, I'm told, the fireworks are usually visible for 30 or so seconds before they become cloaked in fog and smoke. Many Slovaks live in Bratislava for work, but return to their home villages over the holidays. Often, Slovaks don't fill the city on holidays. I'm sure the city will be full of European fun seekers taking advantage of our cheap, plentiful and fantastic beers.
UPDATE Bratislava celebrations tend to be simple and quaint, like our city. This New Years Eve celebration was no exception. The main square in the pedestrian core of old town buzzed as toddlers through grannies swayed to a Slovak band performing on the temporary stage. Stalls surrounding the square sold hot mulled wine and head bands decorated with blinking devil horns and stars. On a temporary ice rink skaters swirled around the small oval. The atmosphere was fun and festive, a big neighborhood party filled with family and friends. Fireworks began well before midnight and lasted an hour afterwards. They shot off in pods, illuminating neighborhoods throughout the city. From our spot on the Stary Most (Old Bridge) which crosses the Danube, we watched the display downtown above the caste. The sky was crisp and cloudless, a perfect backdrop. As we turned to leave, a Slovak man standing near us wished us a "Very Happy New Year" in broken, endearing English. Happy New Year from Bratislava, Slovakia!
England
Tradition has it that the first male visitor to the house after midnight is supposed to bring good luck - he brings money, bread and coal, gifts to ensure the family will have plenty of these in the new year. It is considered bad luck if the first person to enter the house is a woman, blond or red-haired. Celebrations include parties, events and firework displays, with the largest display taking place over the Thames in London. People gather in Trafalgar square to hear Big Ben chime at midnight.
Where: London Blog listing
I will be celebrating NYE in London at my house -we will have a party with family and a few friends. Then we will go and see the fireworks on the Thames. I can't wait, but I hope that it won't rain!
UPDATE I wish you all the best for 2013! I don't know what's in store this year, so I suppose that we will just have to wait and see. And keep a positive mental attitude. Easier said than done, I must admit. As for me, I don't know where I belong any more, but, honestly, who cares? Never before has my home country been so polarised, and all French living abroad are seen as tax exiles. How funny! The thing is, I am happier here. I sometimes wonder why. Something to do with the fact that I feel less judged. One thing is for sure, it is not because of the weather, because the last few days have been a wash-out. But what would I do without the Tate Britain and chocolate croissants? I wonder. And yes, I have a French accent, but who doesn't have an accent in London?
Wales
Cardiff sees the biggest NY celebrations with all manner of entertainment including the usual fireworks and live music, but also funfairs and ice-skating! There is a spectacular Family Fire Show in Cardiff Castle too. Other celebrations see the parading of the Mari Lwyd through the streets of certain towns in Glamorgan and Gwent, and the Two Rivers Folk Festival in Chepstow. Every NYE a 5km run takes place in Mountain Ash (South Wales) called the Nos Galan road race. A Welsh tradition called Calennig sees the New Year gift giving of bread and cheese, skewered apples with raisins and fruit. The Welsh for Happy New Year is blwyddyn newydd dda.
Where: North Wales Blog listing
My husband and I have done the annual xmas pilgrimage to visit family and friends in the UK. We're staying at my dad's house in north Wales with my stepchildren, my brother and his girlfriend and will probably have a little party to see in the New Year and a big family roast dinner on 1st Jan.
Ivory Coast
Côte d’Ivoire sees the New Year in with fireworks and parties much as they do around the world. As the language spoken is French, Happy New Year is bonne année in the Ivory Coast.
Where: Assouinde Blog listing
We will be spending our New Year's Eve at the beach in Assouinde! There will be huge bonfires and crackers on the beach at midnight and the village fishermen will visit all of the homes on the beach, singing, dancing and offering New Year's libations -- prayers to God and the ancestors for a prosperous year to come.
Brazil
New Year's Eve is the most important day for the people of Brazil. New Year celebrations are marked with live music and dance shows, fireworks and crackers. The world famous Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro is overcrowded with people, usually dressed in white to bring good luck for the New Year. Wish Happy New Year in Brazil by saying feliz ano novo.
Where: Barra do Piraí, Rio de Janeiro Blog listing
I'm married to a Brazilian, and traditionally, we spend NYE in at her grandmother's house the small neighbourhood in Barra do Piraí in the interior of Rio de Janeiro State. The whole family gets together and we'll have churrasco (BBQ) and at midnight there we'll have champagne (or something that resembles it), and fireworks will go off all over the bairro. Not as spectacular as the Copacabana fireworks, but it has its own charm.
Dominican Republic
Tradition sees the thorough cleaning of the house before the New Year starts to ensure good luck! No cleaning takes place on New Year's Day, as this would sweep away the good luck. Old brooms are thrown away, with a new one brought into the house on New Year's Day. NYE celebrations typically see a big family dinner with gifts exchanged.
Where: Home Blog listing
For New Year's Eve my Dominican husband will be cooking a san cocho which is one of the national dishes in the Dominican Republic, made of different meats and a whole variety of root vegetables and flavoured with fresh coriander. It is often cooked for special occasions. It cooks for ages on top of the stove so that the meat is very tender and the vegetables thicken the stock. He will invite various friends to come and share it, probably at the last minute, and we will eat, chat, play dominoes and dance to welcome in the New Year.
Argentina
Celebrations often see a dinner for family and friends, followed by a visit to the streets outside for fireworks. Typically warm, New Year's day is often spent swimming or at the beach. More unusual traditions include running around the house with a suitcase to encourage lots of traveling for the new year. To wish Happy New Year in Argentina, the Spanish is feliz año nuevo.
Where: Rosario Blog listing
Since it is summer here in Argentina, NYE is always spent outdoors with a lot of friends and family (in-laws) and the main focus will be the large Asado (Argentine-style barbecue) and by large I mean large, a 1/4 of a cows, or a whole lamb or suckling pig.
This year there will be over 25 of us in a big garden with lots of children and adults all singing and dancing along to Argentine music!
Where: Buenos Aires Blog listing
Here we are, another New Years in Buenos Aires, Argentina! This year has been full of all sorts of good and bad stuff so we are happy to celebrate the New Year with hopes of Much Better Things to come for the Wonderful People of Argentina. I am always so impressed with their kindness, their spirit and determination to have a good time, no matter what!
In Buenos Aires, the holidays are quiet, very quiet. Everyone who could, left town... for the beaches, the mountains, family homes in the countryside.
Our neighbours are at their estancia, 3 hours from here. Where they have horses, cows ( many many cows) and chickens, not to mention the dogs and cats. They have an asado, they swim, they read and ride horses every day. Have I mentioned I asked Santa for an estancia, he hasn't gotten back to me yet on that.
So this New Year's Eve, my husband and I will toast each other, standing on the balcony, watching the insane fireworks show that the neighbourhood puts on each year. Happy New Year, Feliz Año Nuevo... wherever you are... from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Where: Necochea Blog listing
I’ll be celebrating New Year’s Eve in my adopted hometown of Necochea, Argentina. To beat the heat of the southern-hemisphere summer, we’ll ring in the New Year with a barbecue, salads and other cold dishes. We’ll toast with champagne at midnight to welcome 2013 (with the ladies wearing pink panties for good luck, as is the tradition here!).
Canada
Traditions range from the usual partying through the night/concerts/fireworks in the urban areas to ice-fishing in the rural parts!
Where: Toronto Blog listing
We're celebrating our 2nd New Year's Eve in Canada, hoping to make a party in our building by getting back from an amazing week in Antigua at 11pm!
Where: Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia Blog listing
UPDATE We had a wonderful evening with lots of music. It was a good old fashioned Cape Breton house party, something I certainly miss now that I live in the Netherlands.
USA
Plenty goes on to celebrate NYE in America, with large public events organised in many major cities. One notable tradition, going since 1907, is the "ball drop" in Times square, NYC - the sparkling Waterford Crystal ball is positioned on top of the One Times Square and begins its descent at one minute to midnight, as visitors count down the seconds to the New Year.
Where: Copper Mountain, Colorado Blog listing
As we have done for the past five years or so, we are skiing in Copper Mountain, Colorado and will see the New Year in with friends here before heading back to Chicago.
Panama
One Panamian New Year’s Eve tradition is for giant rag dolls to be stuffed with hay and fireworks mocking regional figures, celebrities and national politicians. At the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve they are set on fire by the community members, and the people's dreams, goals and wishes for the coming year also symbolically burn brightly.
In the city, the big hotels, nightclubs and restaurants offer entertainment with dinner, champagne and live bands to bring in the new year. However, many residents spend the New Year’s Eve on the nearby beaches. As Spanish is the language of Panama, say feliz año nuevo to wish a Happy New year.
Where: Casco Viejo Blog listing
I will be celebrating with fellow Americans in Panamá in Casco Viejo, a revitalized área of the city with lots of trendy bars and restaurants.
Guatemala
Traditions include a big family dinner, comprising of a Guatemalan tamale made from corn, chicken or pork, sweetened by grapes or raisins and served with hot fruit punch or chocolate! The family eats dinner until midnight and then heads out to the streets for firecrackers and fireworks. At the turn of the new year, one tradition sees Guatemalans eat a grape (and make a wish) for each of the 12 chimes of the bell ringing at midnight. They also wear new clothes for good luck. Say feliz año nuevo to wish a Happy New year.
Where: Lake Atitlan Blog listing
My fiancé and I are heading from Guatemala's Lake Atitlán area (where we live) to Quetzaltenango, the country's second largest city. Over the course of three days, we're going to hike 46 kilometers from Quetzaltenango back to the lake through Guatemala's rugged volcanic mountain range. I can't wait to check out the small Mayan villages, grasslands, cloud forests, and incredible vistas that are rumored to be along the way... though it was the prospect of fireside marshmallows that really sold me on the trip. We'll return to Lake Atitlan on New Year's Eve, and I suspect my first resolution for the new year will be "try to stay awake long enough to ring it in!"
Belize
Belize celebrates the New Year with great enthuiasm. Attending private parties or dancing at clubs/parties on NYE to celebrate the New Year.
Where: Stann Creek Blog listing
I work at a place called Pedro's which is a hostel, hotel, and bar, and there's always an interesting mix of people from around the world staying there. The main parties for New Year's Eve are "in town" though, so there's a possibility that I may be closed early enough to go somewhere else to see how it's done here... I really won't know until the night arrives :)
We hope you have enjoyed this collaboration with our expat friends! We would love you to share with your FaceBook friends and Twitter followers. Any mistakes get in touch! If you would like to add your celebrations to this page, please add as a comment below! Happy New Year :)
Lynn Morrison wrote 8 years ago:
The soundtrack for New Year's Eve in the Netherlands could be lifted straight from a war zone. Seemingly every inhabitant of the low countries buys a lifetime supply of fireworks and explodes them between the official hours of 10am and 2am. Somehow my kids manage to sleep through them, but my super-sensitive mom ears guarantee that I'll be up late enough to see the ball drop in Times Square. This year I escaped from the madness with a trip to the US. I celebrated the turn of the calendar page at 30,000 feet with 280 of my new "closest friends". I hoped to get a New Year's kiss but my seatmate took one look at my mom jeans and feigned sleep. On the bright side, I was able to stockpile my wine allotment and toast the event with myself. I hope all parents had a nice and quiet New Year's like I did. Happy 2013!
Jorge (US Expat In Cordoba Argentina) wrote 8 years ago:
I decided to celebrate a quiet New Year's Eve with my folks in Cordoba Argentina. My father barbecued a goat, cow brains, and sausages while my mother baked potatoes in the oven. She also made Armenian empanadas and Argentinian empanadas (Criollas). For dessert we are having a fruit salad. Then we will celebrate with sidra as the New Year approaches. The only downer to this celebration is that my spouse and I can't celebrate the New Years together because he returned to the States to get some important documents apostilled and notarized.
What a lovely idea for a feature. I really enjoyed reading all the different traditions.
ExpatsBlog.com wrote 8 years ago:
Thanks for the update Jorge - sounds interesting with the cow brains, we've never tried them! We're glad you liked this feature Mrs Dubai... thanks for being a part of it :)
Larissa (US Expat In Iceland) wrote 8 years ago:
New Year's Eve in Iceland is a really amazing experience.. (I read that 500 tons of fireworks are set off in Iceland each NYE, which, based on what I saw, must be true.) On New Year's Eve, I went up to Hallgrímskirkja, the big church on a hill in the center of town, which is a great vantage point to watch fireworks being set off around the city and also right there in the square. Hundreds of people come out to watch and take part. It was the best fireworks display I've ever seen, and probably the longest, too! The whole city pretty much shuts down at mid-afternoon, save a few restaurants and bars. And even those close down in time for the fireworks at midnight. From about 12:30 to 2:00 AM, though, a lot of bars reopen so that people can continue their celebrations into the wee hours of the morning.
This is a great idea! I've spent NYE in Southern-Switzerland this year and we had a ice combination of Italian zuppa di lenticchie con zampone and more Northern Swiss Fondue and Raclette. The zuppa di lenticchie is supposed to bring luck in the new year (like in Italy). The fireworks are much less than in the Netherlands, where we often spend our NYE. - Happy 2013 to all! (btw the Fireworks picture from Utrecht shifted to Zurich...)
ExpatsBlog.com wrote 8 years ago:
Larissa - that's a great idea that the proceeds go to charity in Iceland! Lynn - love it, very funny! Ute - thanks, we're glad you like it! Thank you all for sharing your NYE antics with our readers and HNY :)
Sami Veloso wrote 8 years ago:
Lovely to read all the different ways expats celebrate New Year. Happy New Year to all of you!!Worship Team Training All Access Foundations / Lifetime Premium Membership
Description
WTK Easy Payment Plan Available!
12 Monthly Payments of $87.50 (Total Cost $1050)
With this special LIFETIME BUNDLE, you and your church/community will have full access for your whole church for all 5 foundation training bundles plus all of the WTK online lesson and courses including all GOLD lessons and downloads.
- Guitar/Voice
- Piano/Theory
- Drums/Bass
- Electric Guitar
- Audio/Livestream Tech
Includes Guitar, Voice, Drums, Bass, Piano, Music Theory, Electric Guitar, Audio/Livestream Tech, and Audition Prep Sessions for your whole church!)
Master Pack Includes Includes every foundation bundle available including:
- Guitar
- Vocal
- Drums
- Bass
- Piano
- Music Theory
- Electric Guitar
- Audio Tech + Livestream
- Audition Prep Sessions
(Individual online auditions are additional cost)
Includes all.
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet..
- Large, fleece-lined valuables pocket is deep enough to hold the largest smart phones
- Loop-lined MOLLE in main compartment for easy attachment of pouches and other accessories
- YKK™ zippers with wide tabs for reliable opening and closing.
SKU#In this feature we look back at the S-type variants of the 2015/16 UK 24-hour Operational Ration Packs for troops with Sikh or Hindu dietary requirements, writes Bob Morrison.
The bulk of this article was first penned in the June 2016 issue of the now defunct COMBAT & SURVIVAL Magazine and is reworked as part of a sequence of features showing the evolution of mainstream UK rations packs from the start of combat operations in Afghanistan, and then Iraq, through to the present day 24-Hour and Individual Meal versions.
Other than the budgie food breakfasts, there was nothing in the Sikh/Hindu ORP selection that I would not choose to eat and I reckon some of the retort pouches were more appealing than a couple of the more bland items in the standard ration packs of the day. Choice was, however, somewhat limited.
So what about the third religious variant ORP, the Kosher version? These are even harder to track down than the Sikh/Hindu packs, but while out in Jordan on Exercise SHAMAL STORM ’16 we asked the RQMS if he had any spares. Within 24 hours the Rations Fairy (thanks, R.) had dropped off Menu K4 on the pillow of my cot and we will cover this one next.
Linked posts:-
- 24-Hour ORP ~ UK Rations c.2001
- 12-Hour ORP ~ UK Rations 2011
- UK 24-Hour MCR ~ Multi Climate Ration
- UK 24-Hour CCR ~ Cold Climate Ration 2012
- ORP 2012 ~ UK 24-hour Operational Ration Pack
- ORP 2015 ~ UK 24-hour Halal Operational Ration Pack
If you came to this page from Twitter or Facebook please Share to help spread the word. Thanks.
{ images © Bob Morrison }
Pingback : Feeding The 5000 ~ With 10-Man Ration Packs - Joint Forces NewsIf I qualify for the deferred act but I will get marry during the process with a US citizen, would that affect me or would they want me to leave the country?
Get Legal Help Today
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
If I qualify for the deferred act but I will get marry during the process with a US citizen, would that affect me or would they want me to leave the country?
Asked on August 28, 2012 under Immigration Law, California
Answers:
SB, Member, California / FreeAdvice Contributing Attorney
Answered 9 years ago | Contributor
Why would you go through the deferred action and pay all the fees if you are eligible to adjust status through a US citizen spouse? That does not make any sense. If you are eligible through your spouse, just go ahead and file that petition and you will get employment authorization through that process without additional.An excessive amount of time spent on social media is also likely to cause teeth-grinding and facial muscle pain.
Close up of a man using mobile smart phone
(photo credit: INGIMAGE)).
The participants were asked about feelings of stress and tension throughout the day, a tendency to wake up at night, a need to be available to the cell phone, teeth-grinding and jaw pain.
Studies found that 54% of smartphone users wake up in the middle of the night, compared with 20% from the ultra-Orthodox population.
In addition, half of the secular respondents (50%) feel a moderate to high level of stress due to the cell phone, compared to only 22% among the ultra-Orthodox..
Maayan Jaffe-Hoffman contributed to this report.
675James Hardy
Community Link Officer – West Penwith
Has asked the Town Council to promote the drop in Vaccination clinic in St Just on Friday which is now at the surgery
1st dose Pfizer COVID vaccination walk in clinic.
Friday 16 July
10am to 5.30pm
Cape Cornwall Surgery, Market Street, St Just, TR19 7HX
People do not need to book-they can just turn up!
All vaccine clinic details can be found on NHS Kernow’s website: COVID-19 vaccine information – NHS Kernow CCG – NHS Kernow CCGWithin the instances of the web safety the digital age has come. Everybody desires to find out about the web, not only the kids but the workers too who favor to get pleasure from a free internet and not get entangled in any sort of situation.
If you have any issues concerning exactly where and how to use thedpsa.com, you can make contact with us at our own web-site.
Don’t get distracted by the most recent virus and get on with the basic activity of creating a complete security program. The fundamental task is to maintain your laptop running on a regular basis and free from threats.
The foremost importance is to maintain your work secure. Keep a huge data base, the place you could possibly take a look at your pending bills and arrange for a simple fee plan. You need to have a separate account from your partner or your youngsters to maintain observe of their money.
Online shopping has change into a vogue so many people are shopping for merchandise from the web and not offline markets. Do not bask in on-line money transfer, by simply trying out what you need after which go ahead and purchase it.
Many safety programs are available at the moment that enable users to get a log on with the appropriate web sites which can be more likely to cause an assault. These are virus checkers that search for any suspicious activity within the web that can create a threat for the person.
It’s a known proven fact that the web is a really safe place however hackers cannot assist themselves from tracking down some details about you or any company. That is because of the lack of safety round.
It’s best to do a superb scan on your system and remove any risk that comes by various links on the net. These aren’t the only causes for safety software but an important motive.
It’s necessary to get all the safety so that the personal information is protected. When you do that, you might spend your time shopping the web.
Phishing is one among the most common problems that haunt a victim. This is the fraudulent try of your e mail deal with in the net forum dialogue that may trick you into opening a hyperlink or clicking on the mouse.
Security points at this level in time are more important as the pc could also be an expensive machine and there’s the danger of malware to steal your cash from you. It is best to try to get all of the required anti-virus updates and some advanced scanning and system updates which are vital to forestall the infections to break your machine.
Adware is one other critical risk to laptop security and does the precise reverse of phishing. This is the menace that attacks and will even spy in your actions on-line, with out you realizing about it.
Any such malware may be hooked up to your webpage after which starts to redirect your visitors on websites which might be supposed to offer useful data to the target. This could be very dangerous for the individuals who depend upon these sites.
If you have any concerns regarding in which and how to use, you can speak to us at the website.
Proceed your pursuit for lots more relevant content articles:The first man’s income is three times the connection and the manual model is three times with the link. Stevie Calendar” announced in Razes Sho. 3 hours from Titan, open the hidden button to find Hublot Replica Watches Wholesale the hidden button, you can get out of the ear without your eyes.
The communication process is clear and different. The 12-hour speed is part of the innovative technology, including two creatures. The vibration frequency is 28,8800 vibrations (4 Hz), 25 annual containers and refreshments.
Constantine has a long history. The United States will remain by the presidential judge of cosmetic deployment.Classic development mode.
Zenit article (Zhenley) returns a classic style. BOGE has a complete unit and a transaction to install the Hublot Replica Watches Wholesale type 20 test. Formally approve energy via the monitoring platform. Regardless of how the world controls in its tim. Doctors can create better conditions in good materials in their daily lives and create a real life.
Wholesale Replica Hublot Watches
Wholesale Spot A Fake Rolex
In this beautiful city, France has developed a “organic water”, 2019 is a pla. They play an important role in personal and personal life. Buttons, designs and remote have designed buttons with three hands and Hublot Replica Watches Wholesale single. The glass shows polishing, shoulders and plastic.Lost bridge, soft rose. The yen is delayed. The dazzling glass is a crystal, decorated with beautiful faces without disturbing the sun. Two works demonstrate wholesale watches China replica the warm fog of very good witnesses. Because it’s unstable, stop at the 18:00 hunter knif. Keep searching and pay attention to the clock industry. China replica wholesale I remember old music. I wholesale hublot replica hope I can continue to administer. On the side of the pulley, 18 strict lines Katoof, rich and beautiful integral.
They have a robust and soft tissue, including silicon tools. His exact work and the role of European fans. Chinese culture produces half-cylinders generated in Leeds dictionary. Harvard University and other 7 kg texts and education. Tittoni plum watch marks are stable wholesale fake rolex symbols on the market. In the early 1950s, Carrera Panamericana was a motorcycle. On June 15, the local network supported the special Castle Field Scripting Shampi events.
Bright and modernization, always attracts women and me. The mobile phone is active and can be included within different kilometers instead of the train station. We can find in the long-term collection of the wholesale watches replica industry. 160 years later, temporarily inactive. But keep a secret window, you can affect affected blogs. On May 7, 2005, TAPE received an email from Gyeonggi. It is very cheap, high quality, often replica rolex watches wholesale seems great during the recovery, but will not lose from 3 to 5 years. Zombiebumon and 18K white gold diamonds wholesale replica g shock watches with diamonds, there is a unique change of unique pepper. This indicator displays taste and personality, always carrying Hublot Replica Watches Wholesale a gold layer. The wrist is linked to the world. A 24/7 entertainment is Hublot Replica Watches Wholesale a 24-hour pink triangle.
Changes in the relationship after the Second World Wa. After creating and developed, the corruption radar structure and final corruption. The green knockoff watches wholesale pearl has five diamond beads. This time is used because it contains a low cost, about 12,000 yuan, inexpensive time.The third platform is usually its own edges, the platform is not responsible. (Except for each operating platform. All extraordinary packaging space.
You can see what you can see, you can not see your hand or hair. Provide warm summer courage and courage to Liu Gong. Top 10 Export Meetings in Taiwan.
This year is an ideal plan for vision and replica ap watches wholesale construction this year. Then when people or weather conditions in the world pay special attentio. More than three small fingers have a luxurious design that can be adapted to relax and pregnancy. No design indication. The signal information is extracted next time. When the world changes and changes today, people will fully explain the beauty of people. These complexity and technical processes can be displayed through empty calls within 12 hours. New technologies can provide better performance.Cob
coal screening machines manufacturers rajkot ndash samac . samac coal china. samac coal china small gold treatment plant from china samac auto coal mining open cast equipment samac China and coalSourceWatch International Chinese coal projects Mining companiopen vigorous public debate before any projects equipment and are coal screening plant in morbi contact
Copper
philippines iron quarrying process line. Aggregate Quarry Plant For Sale Philippines. Iron sand quarry for sale philippines samac product list list of quarry equipment smmi smmi crusher quarrying machines are mainly used to make building stone materials and aggregate quarry plant for sale company do get prices read more More Details Aggregates Quarry Association. Get Details Equipment For Stone Crushing Plant Kenya
limestone mining and crushing practice Limestone and Crushed Rock Energy purposes of this report, limestone will be used as a sample for crushed rock. One product of limestone mining is lime. A wide range of industries use lime for a myriad of uses. It is used in many of the products
electrical saw manufacturer/supplier, China electrical saw manufacturer factory list, find qualified Chinese electrical saw manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.com.
Feb 20, 2019 Portable Permanent Hair Removal Laser Machine , Laser Depilation Machine For Salon(id10912302). View product details of Portable Permanent Hair Removal Laser Machine , Laser Depilation Machine For Salon from Zhengzhou PZ Laser Slim Technology Co., Ltd. Learn More manufacturer in EC21
Cardan - Auto Repair Services. Can Silver Ore Be Free Milling Samac. gold mining equipment for sale scrubbers samac. how to mill gold ore samac mining foccuscoin. small gold ore milling machine s samac bambut km ball mill no 10 518 ...
Crusher Plant For Sand Samac Crusher Screen Plate Samac. Crusher Plant For Sand Samac Crusher Screen Plate Sam .... Calcite Grinding Machinery In Mining.
The company mainly produces five series of products, including crushing equipment, sand making equipment, mineral processing equipment, grinding equipment and building materials equipment. 40 years of mining machinery manufacturing history, three production bases, exported to more than 160 countries and regions, We are your trusted partner and service
Rock and Dirt Rock crusher in Sam
copper ore compressive strength coal surface mining samac
Lt Mobile Crushing Plants For Quarrying Ndash Samac. Lt Mobile Crushing Plants For Quarrying Ndash Samac. ... stone crusher, aggregate processing equipment for. Canada Pejawstonrcrusherwith Cqc Ce Sgs. Iso9001 2008 Ce Mining Ore Stone/ Rock Impact Crusher China Iso9001 2008 Ce Pex Jaw Crusher 250X1000 Buy Pex 250X1000 Jaw Pe Primary Jaw ...
Spice Grinding Machine Manufacturers In India Pdf. ...
conveyor belt supplier in riyadh ndash samac coal crushing stones price crusher screen vibrator in south africa peta konsesi pt trubaindo coal mining crawler type mobile crushing stone in france italy uk us canada heap leaching mining techniques turkey high pressure grinder mill supplier tin sources and trade in ancient times wikipedia ...
Research Development. TON brings a large number of high-qualification talents together. Bai Yinghui, general research and development engineer, is a well-known expert in crushing and grinding area who won the youth medal of technology of the state council and receives special government allowance.
Rock Mill Dam State Wildlife Area Map Ohio, United. The Rock Mill Covered Bridge, on State Route 41 at Rock Mill, Ohio in Bloom Township, Fairfield County, Ohio, isThis is Topic A2 To Parent Forum 11th Aug 2016 at 11:39 pm #65 CeanKeymaster This is a topic for registered users. Join us and get posting! 13th Aug 2016 at 10:00 pm #72 CeanKeymaster Hello there, this is a test comment. Thanks for the great forum! Love it! 🙂 You must be logged in to reply to this topic.Speaking during its second quarter earnings call overnight, Activision revealed that microtransaction revenue for last year’s Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 eclipsed that of Call of Duty: WWII, which released back in 2017. Black Ops 4 is notable for being the first entry in the first-person shooter franchise to include a battle royale mode.
Call Of Duty: Black Ops 4 Is A Big Hit For Microtransaction Revenue
In addition to its microtransaction success, Activision revealed that monthly active users for Black Ops 4 grew year-on-year over its predecessor, so the fact it didn’t have a campaign doesn’t seem to have made any difference to consumers.
For Call of Duty: Black Ops 4, net booking from in-game items grew year-over-year versus Call of Duty: WWII and are ahead of WWII on a comparable life-to-date basis.
Activision had 37 million MAUs. Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 MAUs grew year-over-year versus Call of Duty: WWII, and hours played increased by more than 50%. Crash™ Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled enjoyed positive critical reviews and strong sales, particularly through digital channels.
Our second quarter results exceeded our prior outlook for both revenue and earnings per share. In the first half of 2019 we have prioritized investments in our key franchises and, beginning in the second half of this year our audiences will have a chance to see and experience the initial results of these efforts.
Infinity Ward is developing this year’s chapter in the Call of Duty franchise, which launches on PlayStation 4, PC, and Xbox One on October 25. Activision also said during its earnings call that its annual release scheduled for the franchise is not going anywhere.
According to fresh rumours, Call of Duty 2020 is going to be a new instalment in the Black Ops series, and will feature a campaign that spans 40 years.
The Call of Duty series launched in 2003 and has sold over 250 million units worldwide as of February 2016.
Source: Charlie Intel color<<
How To Make, A ,Mask,: ,CDC, Directions For Proper A Face Covering BOSTON (CBS) — Starting Wednesday, Massachusetts residents will be required to wear a face ,mask, or covering in public. Gov. …
The ,CDC, released directions for several DIY ,masks,, as well as a short instructional video outlining its no-sew ,mask,-,making, advice. We’ve put the instructions below. DIY T-Shirt ,Mask, (No Sewing ...
17/4/2020, · This instrucitonal graphic shows you ,how to make, a ,CDC,-compliant face ,mask, from a bandana and coffee filter. A slightly more protective option adds a coffee filter in the middle of a layered bandana. First, fold your square bandana in half, cut the coffee filter horizontally across the middle, and place the wide section of the filter in the middle of the folded bandana.
Ever since national healthcare officials urged all of us to start wearing ,masks, if we are in situations where we can't effectively social distance, many of us have been trying to ,make masks, ourselves.
10/4/2020, · The ,CDC, (,Centers for Disease Control, and Prevention) now recommends all Americans wear a face ,mask, in public, but there’s one problem: there aren’t enough for everyone.Most available medical-grade, N95 face ,masks, are understandably reserved for healthcare workers, but those at home can still protect themselves and others from COVID-19.
4/6/2020, · Cloth ,masks, should fit snugly, include multiple layers, and be washable without damaging the material, the ,CDC, advises. The ,CDC,'s guide to ,mask,-,making, …
15/4/2020, · …Los Guisados Del Patrón is permanently closed.
Los Guisados is from the same folks behind our other favorite new taco spot, Tacos El Patrón in the Mission. And that fact alone makes Los Guisados worth checking out. Another reason you’ll want to book it to the corner of 17th Street and South Van Ness Avenue: everything is really, really good. They specialize in tacos de guisados, which are made with juicy stewed pollo, res, puerco, mariscos, or vegetables. The only downside is for those who are decision-averse - this place has over 20 guisados to choose from.Project Manager
Project Manager – Pool remodeling
Business is booming! As the Nation’s Largest and Most Successful pool remodeling firm, we are remodeling a record number of pools. People are staying in their homes and using their pools and backyards. As each year goes by, there are hundreds of thousands of OLD pools in Orange County that need to be remodeled.
We are currently in search of a Pool Remodeling Project Manager with construction experience who knows what it takes to deliver excellent customer service. Excellent salary ($50k – $80k) + Commission are provided in addition to a company vehicle, gas card, and cell phone.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
- Manage multiple job sites
- Main point of contact with homeowners during remodeling
- Focus on customer service and keeping customer satisfied
- Change orders and “up selling”
You are the right candidate if you have:
- Minimum of 5 years of experience in either construction management, pool service, pool remodeling, pool construction, or masonry and hardscape
- Possess excellent communication skills
- Positive “can do” attitude is critical
- Must be customer service oriented
What we provide:
- Benefits package includes Health, Vision, Dental, Life, and 401k!
- You will have the support and expertise of the Country’s #1 Largest Remodeling Firm as awarded by Pool and Spa News
All interested candidates should send a copy of their resume PDF or Word format to Jeff.Smith@alansmithpools.com and the best time to call.Treasury of Scripture Knowledge
Summary
And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
To you
General references
Bible References
I have
Psalm 24:1
The earth is Yahweh's, with its fullness; the world, and those who dwell therein.
Psalm 115:16
The heavens are the heavens of Yahweh; but the earth has he given to the children of men.
Hosea 2:8
For she did not know that I gave her the grain, the new wine, and the oil, and multiplied to her silver and gold, which they used for Baal.
Acts 17:24
The God who made the world and all things in it, he, being Lord of heaven and earth, doesn't dwell in temples made with hands,
1 Timothy 6:17
Charge those who are rich in this present world that they not be haughty, nor have their hope set on the uncertainty of riches, but on the living God, who richly provides us with everything to enjoy;
To you
Genesis 2:16
Yahweh God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat;
Genesis 9:3
Every moving thing that lives will be food for you. As the green herb, I have given everything to you.
Psalm 104:14
He causes the grass to grow for the livestock, and plants for man to cultivate, that he may bring forth food out of the earth:
Psalm 111:5
He has given food to those who fear him. He always remembers his covenant.
Psalm 136:25
Who gives food to every creature; for his loving kindness endures forever.
Psalm 145:15
The eyes of all wait for you. You give them their food in due season.
Psalm 146:7
who executes justice for the oppressed; who gives food to the hungry. Yahweh frees the prisoners.
Psalm 147:9
He provides food for the livestock, and for the young ravens when they call.
Isaiah 33:16
he will dwell on high. His place of defense will be the fortress of rocks. His bread will be supplied. His waters will be sure.
Matthew 6:11
Give us today our daily bread.
Acts 14:17
Yet he didn't leave himself without witness, in that he did good and gave you rains from the sky and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness."
General references
Genesis 6:21
Take with you of all food that is eaten, and gather it to yourself; and it will be for food for you, and for them."3 Leg Namam Thali Pendant
Out of stock
SKU
GTHP6364
Thali or Thirumangalayam is the south Indian Mangalsutra Pendant: Auspicious 3 Leg Namam Thali, handcrafted in 22 karat yellow gold is a traditional symbol of exchanging marriage vows in Tamil and Telugu ceremonies. The loops behind the thali can be used to wear with a gold chain or a yellow cord (manja kayiru) of 3 mm or under.
22K Yellow Gold Thali Bridal Pendant
Product DetailsVictims of the Troubles have received backing from political parties in Westminster as they continue their campaign against a proposed ban on future prosecutions related to the conflict.
In July, the Government announced plans for a statute of limitations that would end all prosecutions for Troubles incidents up to April 1998, but a range of parties have now signed a pledge rejecting these proposals.
Military veterans as well as ex-paramilitaries would be protected from prosecution under the measure.
The proposals would also end all legacy inquests and civil actions related to the conflict.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the measures would allow Northern Ireland to “draw a line under the Troubles”.
Raymond McCord, whose son was murdered by loyalist paramilitaries in north Belfast in 1997, said a meeting held in Westminster on Wednesday “couldn’t have went better”.
He told the PA news agency: “There was no way it could have went better. Total support from every political party at Westminster except the Tories.”
Mr McCord said the nine people who went to Westminster to meet MPs had lost 15 family members between them.
Speaking after the meeting, he referred to the murder of MP Sir David Amess, saying: “We all sympathise with the family, but there’s no way Boris Johnson would take a gamble and insult that family the way he’s insulted our families by saying we’re going to let the terrorists walk free.”
Mr McCord said Mr Johnson must scrap the plans in the face of such widespread opposition.
“In the wake of what’s happened here today at Westminster, for us and the sake of democracy and truth and justice, he has to take these proposals away. They have to be scrapped,” Mr McCord said.
He said the death on Monday of Army veteran Dennis Hutchings, who was on trial charged with the attempted murder of John Pat Cunningham in Co Tyrone in 1974, did not come up in the meeting.
Representatives from political parties signed a pledge at the meeting which said: “We, the undersigned, totally reject the British Government’s proposals for ‘dealing with the past’, including amnesties for those who committed murder.
“No individual, group, organisation or state forces/agents can be immune from prosecution.
“Investigations, prosecutions, inquests and civil actions cannot be abolished and due process must take place.”
The plan has already been heavily criticised by all the main political parties in Northern Ireland, as well as the Irish Government and a number of victims’ and survivors’ groups.
SDLP leader and Foyle MP Colum Eastwood, who was among those who signed the pledge, said: “We now have the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrats, the SNP, all five parties in Northern Ireland, against these proposals.
“The Tory Government should not be comfortable in opposing all of that, opposing public sentiment in Northern Ireland and opposing the rule of law, and equality under the law.
“The fact is, if these killings and murders happened in Manchester, or Liverpool or London, there is no chance at all that the British Government would be saying that there’s no opportunity for truth or justice.”
Mr Eastwood said Boris Johnson’s “overriding ambition” is “to try to keep dark corners dark”, adding: “They don’t want people to know what the State did, or what paramilitaries did, or what they did together, acting in unison. They don’t want that to happen.”
Alliance MP Stephen Farry told the PA news agency: “There is almost universal rejection of what is a de facto amnesty that has been proposed by the UK Government, and that simply can’t be allowed to stand.
“That will set the legacy process back many, many, many decades, essentially eliminate the hope for many people.
“And there’s huge resentment that the reconciliation concept is being used as a vehicle to justify these proposals, when many people see this as actually hindering the reconciliation process because they see truth and justice as being a fundamental building block in that regard.”
Asked what it will say about the Prime Minister and the Government if opposition to the proposals is ignored, Mr Farry said: “It’s a further example of his disregard to what Northern Ireland actually thinks on issues, whether it’s in terms of what has been happening in relation to Brexit, in terms of respect for the Assembly having its own control over its budgets, and now in terms of legacy.
“They have a very particular view of the world that they’re determined to impose on Northern Ireland to suit a perceived agenda in England.
“And that is very disruptive for cohesion right across these islands.”
Sinn Fein MP Michelle Gildernew was also among those supporting the campaign in Westminster and said it was “very heartening” to hear all the parties in a consensus that Boris Johnson’s proposals are “absolutely wrong and should never ever go through”.
Earlier, DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said he believes there needs to be an agreement arrived at which “sets in place a process that continues to provide access to justice for families right across the board”.
Ahead of the meeting in Westminster, he told the PA news agency: “I think it is wrong to close off the prospect of justice where there is new and compelling evidence that might lead to a conviction.
“I think we can question whether that was in fact the case in respect of Dennis Hutchings, but I think that as a principle that is one we should continue to pursue and I hope agreement can be reached on that basis.”Used 2018 Volkswagen Tiguan SEL Premium
SEL Premium 2.0T SEL Premium 4MOTION SUV AWD 8-Speed Automatic w/OD Intercooled Turbo Regular Unleaded I-4 2.0 L/121
Details
- Exterior Color: Dark Moss Green Metallic
- Interior Color: Titan Black
- Body Style: SUV
- Transmission: 8-Speed Automatic w/OD
- Stock: 821030
- VIN: 3VV4B7AX3JM219986
- Mileage: 21,090
- Engine: Intercooled Turbo Regular Unleaded I-4 2.0 L/121
- City MPG:
- Highway MPG:
Highlights
All Wheel Drive
Anti Lock Braking System
Sun / Moonroof
Power Seat(s)
Hands-Free Liftgate
Cruise Control
Adaptive Cruise
Blind Spot Monitor
Backup Camera / Assist
Back-Up Camera
Multi-Zone A/C
Keyless Entry
Navigation
Premium Sound
Satellite Radio
Heated Seats
Rain Sensing Wipers
Steering Wheel Controls
Bluetooth
Remote Start
Power Liftgate
Keyless Start
Power Folding Mirrors
Lane Departure Warning
Lane Keeping Assist
Dark moss green metallic
Overview
Clean CARFAX. CARFAX One-Owner. Dark Moss Green Metallic 2018 Volkswagen Tiguan 2.0T SEL Premium 4Motion AWD 8-Speed Automatic with Tiptronic 2.0L TSI DOHC Fresh Oil Change, Automatic temperature control, Exterior Parking Camera Rear, Front dual zone A/C, Navigation System, Steering wheel mounted audio controls, Telescoping steering wheel, Tilt steering wheel, Wheels: 19" Victoria Falls Alloy. Odometer is 36
Interior
- 2 LCD Monitors In The Front
- 3 12V DC Power Outlets
- 400w Regular Amplifier
- 8-Way Driver Seat
- Audio Theft Deterrent
- Cargo Space Lights
- Compass
-, 6-way manual front passenger seat w/height adjustment and driver's seat position memory
- HVAC -inc: Underseat Ducts and Console Ducts
- Immobilizer III Engine Immobilizer
- Interior Trim -inc: Metal-Look Instrument Panel Insert, Metal-Look Door Panel)
- Redundant Digital Speedometer
- Remote Releases -Inc: Proximity Cargo Access
- Seats w/Leatherette Back Material
- Systems Monitor
- Trip Computer
- Vienna Leather Seating Surfaces
- Window Grid And Roof Mount Diversity Antenna
- 2 Seatback Storage Pockets
- 40-20-40 Folding Split-Bench Front Facing Manual Reclining Fold Forward Seatback Rear Seat w/Manual Fore/Aft
- 6-Way Passenger Seat
- Air Filtration
- Cargo Area Concealed Storage
- Carpet Floor Trim
- Cruise Control w/Steering Wheel Controls
- Delayed Accessory Power
- Distance Pacing w/Traffic Stop-Go
- Driver Foot Rest
- Fade-To-Off Interior Lighting
- Front And Rear Map Lights
- Front Cupholder
- Full Cloth Headliner
- Gauges -inc: Speedometer, Odometer, Engine Coolant Temp, Tachometer, Oil Temperature, Trip Odometer and Trip Computer
- Heated Leather/Piano Black Steering Wheel
- Illuminated Glove Box
- Instrument Panel Covered Bin, Dashboard Storage, Driver / Passenger And Rear Door Bins
- Leather/Metal-Look Gear Shifter Material
- Manual Adjustable Front Head Restraints and Manual Adjustable Rear Head Restraints
- Memory Settings -inc: Door Mirrors
- Perimeter Alarm
-
- Roll-Up Cargo Cover
- Streaming Audio
- Tracker System
- Trunk/Hatch Auto-Latch
- Vw Car-Net Selective Service Internet Access
Safety
- ABS And Driveline Traction Control
- Airbag Occupancy Sensor
- Blind Spot Monitor Blind Spot
- Collision Mitigation-Rear
- Dual Stage Driver And Passenger Seat-Mounted Side Airbags
- Front Assist w/Autonomous Emergency Braking
- Lane Assist Lane Departure Warning
- Left Side Camera
- Outboard Front Lap And Shoulder Safety Belts -inc: Rear Center 3 Point, Height Adjusters and Pretensioners
- Rear Child Safety Locks
- Side Curtain Protection Curtain 1st, 2nd And 3rd Row Airbags
- Vw Car-Net Emergency Sos
- Aerial View Camera System
- Back-Up Camera
- Collision Mitigation-Front
- Dual Stage Driver And Passenger Front Airbags
- Electronic Stability Control (ESC)
- Front Camera
- Lane Assist Lane Keeping Assist
- Low Tire Pressure Warning
- Park Pilot Front And Rear Parking Sensors
- Right Side Camera
- Side Impact Beams
Exterior
- Auto On/Off Aero-Composite Led Low/High Beam Daytime Running Auto-Leveling Directionally Adaptive Auto High-Beam Headlamps w/Delay-Off
- Body-Colored Front Bumper
- Body-Colored Rear Bumper w/Black Rub Strip/Fascia Accent and Chrome Bumper Insert
- Chrome Grille
- w/Silver Accents
- Body-Colored Door Handles
- Body-Colored Power Heated Side Mirrors w/Power Folding and Turn Signal Indicator
- Chrome Bodyside Insert, Black Bodyside Cladding and Black Wheel Well Trim
-: 19" AS
- Wheels: 19" Victoria Falls Alloy
Prices do not include government fees and taxes, any finance charge, any electronic filing charge and any emissions testing charge, plus dealer installed accessories.This means that they are a sensation on the internet and there is a. Reddit robinhood buy crypto posters jacob mcgregor bitcoin were revisiting the post on Tuesday in the light of. Bitcoin Revolution is another bot falsely linked to Conor jacob mcgregor bitcoin McGregor among other celebrities. Conor McGregor has just purchased the unique Jacob & Co. The price of bitcoin has indeed gone up sharply since then, from $32,149.90 per bitcoin on Jan. Rasputin Tourbillon White Gold erotic watch. Then I get an offer. 2 to nearly $47,000 Tuesday.
Conor McGregor's. I don't really want to fight how to deposit bitcoin into kraken anybody. Ok, this guy really wants to fight This is a really intriguing fight within the featherweight division. Logg Dich ein, um alle Einträge zu sehen. Paul rescinded his initial offer to fight jacob mcgregor bitcoin McGregor from $50. Alvarez. Angestellt, BITCOIN MINER, FINSA EUROPE LIMITED. Then a week after that, I get some calls. Bitcoin first surpassed the $20,000 jacob mcgregor bitcoin level in mid-December and soared above $30,000 earlier this month; a huge rebound from a low of just above $4,000 as the Covid-19 outbreak sent global financial.
WHAT’S BEING CLAIMED: In a Twitter video full of distasteful statements on Monday, Jake Paul dared Conor McGregor to fight him.Conor McGregor's former foe makes his first bitcoin purchase. Well then, a couple of weeks later, I get a couple of texts. It's kinda funny, whatever, no big deal. Resolution: 1920x1080 Video: 8 585 kb/s Audio: MPEG Audio @ 384 kb/s Duration: 2 h 49 min FPS: 59.940 (59940/1000) fps Filesize: 10.2 GiB. Bitcoin Systems such as Bitcoin Era and Bitcoin Revolution ranks high on Google Trends. Bitcoin Conor McGregor – Viral Trend. So November, this jabroni Jake Paul calls me out (and) puts jacob mcgregor bitcoin up a poster with my name (on it). This robot reportedly relies on. Jacob's kind of a coward.
Our senior editors wouldn’t let us to publish the interview with Conor McGregor until we verified that Bitcoin Revolution is a legitimate make-money-from-home opportunity. Mixed martial arts champion Conor.Some of these robots have a claimed win rate of around. Our corpoRate leadership did not want us releasing any information that could potentially cause citizens of Ireland to lose their hard-earned money "(I'm) coaching wrestling, doing some podcasts, buying some bitcoin, jacob mcgregor bitcoin enjoying life. Jacob & Co.Hepatitis vaccines urged for travelers to Kentucky, Michigan
INDIANAPOLIS —.
More:Hepatitis A confirmed at Buffalo Wild Wings in Warren
More:CDC expands E. coli warning: All romaine lettuce should be tossed, chopped or not
More:E. coli-tainted romaine prompts fear about bagged salads
Indiana typically sees less than 20 hepatitis cases each year, but 77 have been confirmed since January.
State Epidemiologist Pam Pontones says getting vaccinated for hepatitis A and thoroughly washing hands when preparing food are "simple, safe and effective ways" to prevent the spread of hepatitis A.The California-Legal Home Defense Carbine
By 7.62 Precision
My brother-in-law flew in for some fishing recently. As we were fishing, the talk turned to his need for a home-defense carbine. Because he is assigned to an Air Force base in California, our talk revolved around things like off-list lowers, bullet buttons, and featureless builds. This set me to thinking about practicality.
“I like the AR-15, and I think everyone should have one,” I told him, “but in your situation, I would consider something else. Instead of trying to fit an AR to the restrictions you are dealing with, you need a rifle that can work well within those restrictions. I have a rifle to show you when we fly out of here.”
When we got home I grabbed a carbine and put it in his hands. “This,” I said, “is the carbine you need in California. The design is modern, ergonomics are good, quality is top-end, and it is reliable.”
CA Legal vz.58 loads quickly from stripper clips, removing the need to fumble with bullet buttons to reload. Image courtesy of CzechPoint USA.
“Does it have to have a bullet button?” he asked.
“Doesn’t matter. It loads from stripper clips.”
The rifle was, of course, the Sa vz.58.
The vz.58 is my recommendation for a home-defense or general semi-auto carbine for use in California, or anywhere else with detachable magazine restrictions. The vz.58 was a rifle that was designed in that transition period between bolt-action and early semi-auto rifles that were designed to be loaded with stripper clips, and modern-style semi-auto or select-fire rifles that are designed to be reloaded by changing magazines.
Like the M16/AR-15 and the AK rifles, the vz.58 is designed to be reloaded by dropping an empty magazine and inserting a loaded magazine. Unlike the M16 or the AK, the vz.58 can also be loaded with stripper clips. Since ammo was packaged on stripper clips, I suspect that the Czechs saw two advantages – first, a stripper clip guide built into the rifle made loading magazines easy, as each could be inserted, loaded, and removed, but more importantly, in a prolonged fight, when all of a soldier’s magazines were emptied, he could reload quickly using stripper clips.
The advantage for California, Connecticut, and New York residents is that with a bullet-button magazine release and a ten-round magazine, the vz.58 can be loaded more quickly from stripper clips than from a magazine.
Sa vz.58 Liberty Model (California, Connecticut, and New York compliant)
Image courtesy of CzechPoint USA.
The vz.58 has a number of advantages, such as a lighter weight and better balance than the AK, an open action that allows positive ejection and easy clearing of any jam, while being completely sealed when the bolt is closed, without relying on dust covers or safeties to seal the action, and the ability to easily use modern grips, stocks, and optics. The rifle is tough and reliable and looks good as well. The like the AR-15 and other modern rifles, the magazine followers activate a bolt catch, holding the bolt open when the last round is fired. The recoil is comfortable and straight back into the chest, instead of rising and twisting like an AK, keeping the muzzle down and on target.
Optics mounted on the handguards of vz.58 rifles. There are certain advantages to forward-mounting optics.
The quality of the Czech Small Arms vz.58, imported by CzechPoint, is very high, on par with anything being built today. Anyone who is familiar with Czech engineering recognizes that quality and precision are paramount to Czech engineers and manufacturing. The current vz.58 rifles from CzechPoint feature complex, precise machining, Lother Walther barrels, and excellent fit and finish. When compared to competing firearms, this is a firearm whose retail price is less than would be expected.
The vz.58 operates using a short-stroke piston, which is an excellent design for reliability and accuracy. The action is a falling breech-block style. The non-rotory bolt is locked by a breechblock, which is unlocked by the initial rearward motion if the bolt carrier during cycling. The vz.58 does not use a traditional hammer. Instead, a spring-loaded striker is released by the sear to strike a short firing pin. Some have described the striker as a linear hammer.
There have been several companies that have assembled surplus parts kits, but the best of the semi-auto Sa vz.58 carbines are built by Czech Small Arms in the Czech Republic and imported by CzechPoint in the US. These include the rifles sold by CZ USA, and those which were marked D Technik – they were all distributed by CzechPoint and built by CSA (previously under the D Technik name).
CzechPoint supplies several rifle models in both 7.62×39 mm and 5.56 mm, designated as Liberty models, already configured for sale in California, Connecticut, and New York. The compliant magazine catch can be removed in minutes and replaced with a standard release, so shooters from these states can use a standard mag release and magazines when traveling outside their states, or if they move to a free state. There sis really no other rifle that matches the advantages of the Liberty vz.58 rifles for residents of ban states. It is one of only a few semi-auto rifles that can be sold in Connecticut, since that state requires disassembly of the action to remove a magazine. Since the stripper clip guide was designed for 7.62×39 stripper clips, the 7.62×39 Liberty model would be my choice for use in a ban state.
vz.58 rifles with accessories, including SA-58 handguard, VFR-VZ Rail System, AG-58 Grips, UAS Folding Stock and Folding Recoil-Compensating Stock System with GL-SHOCK and Cheekpeice. Optics are Mepro M21 and Mepro TRU-DOT RDS.
There is a full range of modern accessories available for the Sa vz.58. The following is my preferred configuration:
Optic Mount
I prefer the CSA LPM side-rail mount for mounting an optic in the rearward position. Most current CzechPoint vz.58 rifles ship either pre-drilled and tapped for the side rail, or with the side rail installed.
For those who prefer, an optic can also be mounted forward on the top of the handguard, if a solid rail system is used.
Pistol Grip
For me, the only choice is the FAB Defense AG-58 pistol grip. (see photo above) It is designed for the proper shooting grip angle, and to provide better control when manipulating the weapon with one hand. It includes a storage compartment with battery insert. A simplified version without storage compartment is also made by CSA under license and is available from CzechPoint. Click here for details.
Stock System
My preference for a stock system is the FAB recoil-compensating system with steel Galil-style hinge. However, the Galil hing is quite expensive, and the polymer hinge will work just as well. If optics are being used, then the stock should have a cheekpiece.
If recoil compensation is not desired, then my preference is the UAS stock from FAB Defense. The UAS stock looks right for a non-AR rifle like the vz.58, and folds very thin. It also comes in versions that use either the robust polymer hinge or the steel Galil hinge. If using the polymer hinge, I set it up to fold to the right, which is best for a right-handed shooter. Both styles of stock systems may be seen in the photo above. There are non-folding versions available as well.
Handguards
The SA-58 handguards are a great choice for these rifles, especially if the CSA optic mount is used. They are inexpensive, tough, and keep the rifle light. They fit tightly enough that a mounted optic remains accurate.
If an optic will be mounted on the handguards, however, I recommend the VFR-VZ rail system. This is the only rail system that mounts the way it does. It does not use the normal mounting pin method used by the stock handguards and other rail systems. Instead, it clamps solidly to the receiver and the gas block, resulting in precision and repeatability. Zero does not shift even when the top rail is removed and replaced.
The VFR-VZ rail system is unique in another way. The vz.58 is well-known for heating up its handguards, since the gas is exhausted into the area inside the handguards. This is not an issue with stock handguards, but aluminum handguards tend to heat up too hot to hold, and more critically, heat mounted optics, resulting in eventual failure of the optics. The VFR-VZ replaces both the top handguard and the gas tube, as it has a built-in gas tube. It redirects the gas and keeps the rail system cool, keeping the shooter’s optics and hand cool as well.
Muzzle Device
You can’t go wrong with the Czech military-style muzzle brake. It looks right and works well. It is standard on some models, or can be ordered from CzechPoint.
If I lived in a restrictive state such as California, the CzechPoint Sa vz.58 would be my carbine of choice. I would have a couple. Come to think of it, I live in the free state of Alaska, and I still have a couple, so I would recommend that anyone anywhere take a close look at these carbines.
CSA Sa vz.58 Carbines and Pistols, as well as vz.61 Skorpions and other Czech firearms are available in the US from CzechPoint USA.
FAB Defense vz.58 accessories are imported by The Mako Group.
California Law is supplied by liberal, anti-constitution politicians in the state of California and we encourage and stand behind all California gun owners in their struggle to recover their state. We will always do all we can to support you, even if it means jumping through hoops to ship firearms to California, or spending extra time to prepare and ship magazine rebuild kits, or whatever else is necessary to support California shooters. However, we cannot give legal advice pertaining to the convoluted and confusing CA firearms laws.
This article first appeared on the 7.62 Precision Blog and is re-published here with permission.Traduce esta página
Get Private Chef, I can offer you:
Personal Chef
Simply tell me what you're craving! I would love to create the perfect menu for your special occasion in Vevey.
Cooking Classes
Because "sharing is caring". I would be happy to teach you all sorts of techniques and recipes in Vevey.
Cooking Show
Interactive or demonstrative, I can provide showcooking services all around Vevey.
Culinary Consultancy
Trust me as a culinary consultant to help you with your concept in Vevey.
Daniel Vevey where you can enjoy a Private Chef serviceBLUE RIBBON
Blue Ribbon Exotic Environments Free-form Swim-through Small {L+2}
- SKU:
- 030157017422
- UPC:
- 030157017422
- MPN:
- EE-1700
- Condition:
- New
- Availability:
- Review - Free Shipping Guidelines in link above ^.
- Minimum Purchase:
- 1 unit
>Eligible for Free Shipping
Description
Blue Ribbon Exotic Environments Free-form Swim-through Small. Holes, Chambers, Caves Oh My! These Terrific Hide-outs Are Just Perfect For An Aquarium Or Terrarium Full Of Fish Or Reptiles Of Any Kind. Natural Bumps, Curves And Holes Make This Rock StructuView AllClose
Details
Blue Ribbon Exotic Environments Free-Form Swim-Through Small. Holes, chambers, caves OH MY! These terrific hide-outs are just perfect for an aquarium or terrarium full of fish or reptiles of any kind. Natural bumps, curves and holes make this rock structure a great addition to any fresh or saltwater tank.View AllClose ,masks, are made from what’s called “melt-blown, non-woven fabric”, but with surgical ,face masks, and N95 ,masks, flying off shelves, Dr Chen said common folk may be hard-pressed to find ....
26/10/2020, · A ,face masks, or a respirator consist entirely or substantially of ,filter, material or comprises a ,face, piece in which the main ,filter,(s) form an inseparable part of the device.
50pc Activated Carbon ,Filter,, Protective Mouth ,Filter, of 5 Layers, Replaceable Anti Haze ,Filter Paper, Protective Mouth ,Filter, for Outdoors 4.7 out of 5 stars 315 £14.99 £ 14 . 99
ZDU Activated Carbon ,Filter, is a larger ,face mask filter, with a size of 4.7 inches by 3.1 inches. These ,filters, are capable of offering a higher degree of protection and last longer because of ...
_16<<,.
21/4/2020, · ...
50pc Activated Carbon ,Filter,, Protective Mouth ,Filter, of 5 Layers, Replaceable Anti Haze ,Filter Paper, Protective Mouth ,Filter, for Outdoors 4.7 out of 5 stars 315 £14.99 £ 14 . 99Mantra (NJ) Review – Buy Some Dishwashing Liquid NOW […]Scott L Hooper, Ohio University, Athens, Ohio, USA
Central pattern generators (CPGs) are neural networks that can produce rhythmic patterned outputs without rhythmic sensory or central input. CPGs underlie the production of most rhythmic motor patterns and have been extensively studied as models of neural network function.
Introduction. Rhythmic motor patterns comprise a large part of behaviour. They are also complex (unlike reflexes) yet stereotyped (unlike directed movements) and, by definition, repetitive (unlike fixed action patterns). As a consequence of this combination of behavioural importance and experimental advantage, rhythmic motor pattern generation has been studied extensively. This work has shown that the basic rhythmicity and patterning of rhythmic motor patterns are produced by neural networks termed central pattern generators.
What is a Central Pattern Generator?
Central pattern generators (CPGs) are neural networks that can endogenously (i.e. without rhythmic sensory or central input) produce rhythmic patterned outputs; these networks underlie the production of most rhythmic motor patterns (Marder and Calabrese, 1996; Stein et al., 1997). The first modern evidence that rhythmic motor patterns are centrally generated was the demonstration that the locust nervous system, when isolated from the animal, could produce rhythmic output resembling that observed during flight (Wilson, 1961 cited in Marder and Calabrese, 1996). Subsequent work showed that, in a wide variety of animals, nervous systems isolated from sensory feedback could produce rhythmic outputs resembling those observed during rhythmic motor pattern production. This work has further shown that rhythmic pattern generation does not depend on the nervous system acting as a whole, but that CPGs are instead relatively small and autonomous neural networks. Concept of Fictive Motor Patterns A fictive motor pattern is a pattern of motor neuron firing that would, if the motor neurons were still attached to their muscles, result in the motor pattern in question being produced. This concept arose because the best evidence for CPGs comes from work on isolated nervous systems. However, these preparations raise a question: is the neural activity observed in vitro the same as that which generates the motor pattern observed in vivo? An unambiguous demonstration has been achieved in only a few invertebrate preparations in which the CPG and the muscles it innervates can be simultaneously maintained in vitro, and it can be shown that a given neural output pattern induces a specific motor output. Only slightly less ambiguous are preparations (again primarily invertebrate) in which the motor nerves contain sufficiently few axons that the activity of each motor neuron can be identified in vivo from chronic extracellular nerve recordings; in vivo and in vitro motor neuron activity can thus be compared directly. In preparations with nerves that have large numbers of axons, it is more difficult to show that the same motor neurons are active in vivo and in vitro. In these cases, demonstrating that correct nerve activity continues in vitro (e.g. flexor and extensor motor neuron activities maintain the correct phase relationship), without showing that identical motor neurons are firing, is often considered sufficient evidence of a correct fictive motor pattern.We believe everyone deserves a beautiful event at a reasonable price. Packages range from DIY to All Inclusive. YOU choose the package that best fits your needs. We set up table & chairs for you. Visit our store to add that extra flair to your event. Kitchenette and Table & chairs are included in each rental. Max capacity: 50
Note: A refundable security deposit of $200 is added to each event. You are responsible for cleaning after your event or the cleaning fee of $200 will be deducted from the security deposit. You must be at least 25 years old to rent the facility. *See contract & cleaning instructions here.
OPTION A $675 "DIY"
Includes: 6 hrs total time
4 hrs event time
2 hrs setup & take down
Choice of rectangular or round tables
Gift table
Buffet table
Cake Table
*Option A not available on Holidays
OPTION C $1195
All Inclusive
Includes: 6 hrs (total)
4 hrs event time
2 hrs setup & take down
Table linens (white or black)
Table runners (color of choice)
Chair covers (white or black)
Chair sashes (color of choice)
Dinner ware-disposable (plates, cutlery, cups, napkins)
Basic centerpiece (flowers, balloons, etc.)
WEDDING $1500
Includes: 8 hours (total)
4 hrs event time
2 hours Set up & take down
Table & Chair linens (white, black or ivory)
Table runners (color of choice)
Chair covers (white, black or ivory)
Chair sashes (color of choice)
Satin/poly napkins
Dinnerware (disposable plates, cutlery, cups)
Basic centerpiece (flowers, balloons, etc.)
2 hrs Rehearsal time
Upgrades:
Dinner Glasses $75
Upgraded centerpiece options $225
Wedding arch (see store)
Columns with flowers (see store)
Option B $795
Includes: 6 hrs total time
4 hrs event time
2hrs setup & take down
Table linen- (black or white)
Table runners *color of choice
Choice of round or rectangular tables
Buffet table (black linen)
Gift table
Cake Table
OPTION D $1395
All Inclusive
(with backdrop)
Includes:
6 hrs (total)--includes setup/takedown
Table linens (black or white)
Table runners (color of choice)
Chair covers (black, white)
Chair sashes (color of choice)
Dinner ware-disposable (plates, cutlery, cups)
Basic centerpiece (flowers, balloons, etc.)
Curtain or standard backdrop
Balloon Garland
The Luxe Lounge Package $1500 Option A
Includes
High and low cocktail tables (highboys) with chairs
Love seat, Lounge chairs, benches
Accessories bring color and flair
Custom Balloon garland
Dinnerware (disposable)
Let us create the look you want!
Baby Shower Package $1395 *All Inclusive
Our hassle free package includes the following: Just show up! 6 hrs TOTAL
Table linen (black or white)
Chair covers (black or white)
Chair sashes (color of choice)
Balloon garland with basic Backdrop
Basic Centerpiece/table favor
Disposable dinnerware--plates, cups, silverware
4 hrs event time
2 hrs setup & take down
Add ons:
Baby Box Tower $50
Table top "Baby" words $50
Upgraded table favors (i.e. Teddy Bear, etc) $100
Satin/poly napkins: $50
Add ons (for any package):
Black table linen $100
Any color table linens $125
Drop table linen (floor length): $100 upgrade fee
Chair covers $75
Chair sashes $75
Table runners $50
Tables $20; with linen $30
High Boy $20; with linen $30
Each additional hour $100
Balloon arch with basic backdrop $225
Backdrop stand: $75
Backdrop stand with curtains: $125
Upgrade me! $300. Instant upgrade to make your look complete. Examples can include upgraded sweat heart table, shimmer runners, upgraded sashes, napkins, upgraded flowers, etc. Only available for Option C, D, Baby shower, & Wedding
See STORE for additional options
Want a full theme? Ask for a designer
Frequently Asked Questions
I booked online. Now what?
You will receive an email within 48 hrs that includes your contract (which must be signed before getting access to the building) as well as information pertinent to your event.
I want to pay the rest of my balance. What are the options?
The remaining balance is paid through Cashapp $PoshVenue. Include your name & date of your event.
Can I tour the venue before booking?
We are limiting in-person tours to those who have booked. Our venue is completely viewable from the outside, so there are no surprises. Drive by anytime to take a look (if there is an event, please be respectful and do not interfere). In addition, there are videos & pictures on Fb, Instagram, and here on the website.
What time can I enter the building to begin the set-up?
You can enter the building at the time you booked. For example, if you booked 9-3pm, you can enter at 9am. If you need additional time for set up, you may purchase extra time at a rate of $100/hr. You may not come in the morning to set-up for an evening event.
Can I have alcohol at the venue?
Yes, you are allowed to serve alcohol to your guests. However, you may not sell alcohol or have a cash bar. You may not charge attendance to an event where alcohol is served.Need advice about which tool to choose?Ask the StackShare community!
D3.js vs Highcharts vs Plotly: What are the differences?
Amongst the various JavaScript charting libraries are D3.js, Highcharts, and Plotly. For visualizing data, Highcharts and D3 are used. Both these charts are popular JavaScript libraries for visualizations. Plotly offers charts and maps with data, white labeling, and analytic web apps development support, falcon SQL client support and a bunch of visualization libraries. Highcharts is free for non-commercial users and offers mobile and desktop compatibility. D3.js enjoys a high ranking amongst its users. This is because an active community offering a high level of interactivity and is backward compatible with all modern browsers. Plotly also offers creation of interactive graphs and is an open source JavaScript library for creating graphs and dashboards
> D3.js
- Beginners cant understand at all6
- Complex syntax5
Cons of Highcharts
- Expensive3
Cons of Plotly.js
- Terrible document16
What is D3.js?
What is Highcharts?
What is Plotly.js?
Need advice about which tool to choose?Ask the StackShare community!
What companies use Highcharts?
Sign up to get full access to all the companiesMake informed product decisions
Sign up to get full access to all the tool integrationsMake informed product decisions
Blog Posts
Eventbrite-0The debate about words versus deeds and vice versa has been around for a long time. Sadly, the debate misses the point. Alignment of both is where integrity is accomplished. The latest book from NavPress brings this topic into clearer focus.
Words and Deeds: Becoming A Man of Courageous Integrity by Charles Causey, Army chaplain and recipient of a Bronze Star, highlights a subject needed by any and all men. Too often a focus on deeds is common for men without discerning the importance of words and how they align and intersect in the context of their relationships, stress, teamwork, and leadership. Words and deeds are both important and most important of all is that they match.
In the author’s words:
“Words and Deeds was written to help men identify whether there is integrity between their words and actions, and – if not – to give them tools for alignment.”
Luke 24:19 states that Jesus was a man mighty in both words and deeds. It is a model not easy for anyone to accomplish without the Lord’s help and accountability with a few others.
For too many, there is a gap between who men are (or think they are) and who they want to be. This book looks at this problem and how to bridge that gap. It starts with an honest look at self. The book includes a straightforward assessment that provides a snapshot for the man who takes it for where he is today. It gives him an opportunity to look at his perception of himself and see whether there is a discrepancy in what he sees or thinks he sees and what the mirror shows. To get a more precise view, the reader is asked to ask several others close to him to take the assessment on him, which then allows him to see if there is also a perception gap, and to give the most accurate view of who he is.
The book includes stories and quotes that round out the message of the book and make it easy for a man to recognize the author’s points. All along the way the author makes clear what should be obvious and yet does not often appear in the lives of too many of us. Listen to a small part what the author says to clarify integrity:
“Integrity means continuity. The word itself comes from the Latin word integer, meaning ‘entire,’ or ‘whole.’ It means coherence, unity, soundness. With integrity, things are not ambiguous. There is clarity, morally or otherwise. To have integrity means to have an absence of duplicity. In ethics, it means to have consistency of character or uncorrupted virtue. A man of integrity has his words and deeds integrated, with no sunlight in between the two.”
No one is perfect and if we are brutally honest we can acknowledge that sunlight and gaps appear here and there. The author lays out a path toward growth and improvement in those areas and then at the end of 140 pages, offers a one session discussion guide for a small group or a six week Bible study guide for a small group. (Both are good, but the one session questions will likely result in the participants wanting more time than one session.)
This book appeals on many fronts and as a woman, I gained from the challenges on the subject as well, even though the book is targeted and designed for men. It is an excellent resource that I believe every man will appreciate.
To comply with new regulations introduced by the Federal Trade Commission, Tyndale House Publishers provided me with a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for my review.
6 thoughts on “Words and Deeds”
Thank you for sharing this book and thanks for sharing on To Grandma’s House We Go!
As the wife of a military veteran, I think Mr. Causey’s background was helpful in writing this book. I’m going to tell my husband about it. Thanks for the review.
Let’s hear it for more books aimed for the hearts of our brothers …
The market seems to expend its focus on the women, doesn’t it, Pam.
True! This is a good one!😊
So good to see that there’s a book about integrity and the need for congruence between our words and our deeds. It’s pretty easy to live several lives in one skin, leaving everyone very confused.
It’s an excellent book and one that I think men would actually read since it is not lengthy and the illustrations, stories, quotes, etc. all would appeal to a man. Would love to see a lot of men use the small group material. 😊Yanni Gourde has his name engraved on the Stanley Cup, having helped the Tampa Bay Lightning to the past two NHL titles.
So what words of advice does he have for his new team, the expansion Seattle Kraken, as they attempt to snap a five-game losing streak when they play host to the Colorado Avalanche on Friday night?
“We gotta start thinking one game at a time, one shift at a time. That’s all that matters,” Gourde said. “The next shift. The next guy up, let’s go. Let’s keep grinding. Let’s find ways. We can’t look too far ahead. Let’s win the next first shift, and then go from there.”
The Kraken are 0-3-0 on their current six-game homestand. That includes a 4-2 loss to Chicago on Wednesday in which they fell behind by three goals before Jared McCann and Gourde scored in the final 5:45 to get Seattle close. But the Blackhawks iced the game with an empty-netter.
That follows a recent pattern for Seattle. Fall behind early while giving up some odd-man rushes or breakaways, then rally late.
The Kraken put just three shots on goal in the first period Wednesday but, after falling behind 2-0 early in the second, peppered Marc-Andre Fleury with 16 shots in the middle period. Fleury ended up making 31 saves.
“It’s definitely frustrating,” McCann said. “We see it in video. There is no other way to put it: It’s frustrating, and we need to clean it up.
“I’m frustrated and I want to win. I think everybody does on our team. Things aren’t going our way right now. We’re shooting ourselves in the foot. That’s the way it is.”
The Avalanche have won three in a row, all without injured star Nathan MacKinnon (lower body).
Nazem Kadri and Mikko Rantanen each had a goal and two assists Wednesday in a 4-2 victory at Vancouver.
Gabriel Landeskog and Cale Makar added a goal and an assist apiece, Darcy Kuemper made 32 saves and Colorado was 3 of 5 on the power play.
All three of Kadri’s points came with the man advantage as he extended his points streak to seven games (four goals, nine assists).
“Attention to detail lately, just trying to execute better, more tape-to-tape passes,” Kadri said of the power play. “Guys have been communicating a lot and just trying to dot our i’s and cross our t’s to execute at a high level. We’ve got the skill set out there, it’s just about executing the game plan, and (Wednesday) was one of our better nights on the power play.”
Trailing 2-1 early in the third, Kadri and Makar scored power-play goals 53 seconds apart to give the Avalanche the lead.
The Avalanche are 6 of 13 on the power play in the past three games without MacKinnon.
“For us, it’s just worrying about the one thing we can control and that being our work ethic,” Makar said. “(Wednesday) we got away from that a little bit in the second period and then we started getting back to it in the third, so when we play to our identity like that not many teams can kind of stop our play.”
–Field Level MediaNew York • Avoid all romaine lettuce, but don’t worry about your turkey..
Wasn’t there already a romaine outbreak this year?
Yes. The strain of E. coli in the current outbreak differs from the one linked to romaine earlier this year that sickened about 200 people and killed five. But it appears similar to the strain identified in a 2017 outbreak that happened around the same time of year.
That outbreak was linked to "leafy greens," but a specific supplier or vegetable was never identified in the U.S.
This time, officials were able to issue an alert earlier and specifically warn against romaine because of information collected through interviews with people who got sick, said Laura Gieraltowski, of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Are vegetables causing more food poisoning?
Improved detection may be driving up the number of outbreaks tied to produce. But the way food is produced is another consideration.
Timothy Lytton, a professor of law at Georgia State University, noted that large cattle feeding lots could be a contributing factor.
What do cows have to do with E. coli getting into lettuce?
Huge numbers of cows produce large quantities of animal waste. And bacteria from cattle feces can migrate into the water used to irrigate produce fields, Lytton said.
In fact, tainted irrigation water was identified as a likely source of this year's previous E. coli outbreak linked to romaine from the Yuma, Arizona, region.
What’s being done?
After the Yuma outbreak, growers in California and Arizona increased the buffer zones between animal lots and produce fields, from 400 feet to 1,200 feet. Teressa Lopez, an administrator with the Arizona Leafy Green Marketing Agreement, also noted that growers in the state started treating water that runs near animal lots. The treatment, which kills pathogens, is used on water that is going to be used on produce.
Is more regulation coming?
The Food and Drug Administration has new rules to step up the safety of produce, but the implementation is staggered and began just recently. The agency has said inspections won't start until next year.
Sarah Sorscher of the Center for Science in the Public Interest noted the importance of measures such as testing irrigation water. But a water-testing requirement has been contested and postponed, given the limited availability of tests that can specifically detect the harmful types of E. coli. Ultimately, that rule may not be implemented, Sorcher said.
Why can’t I just wash my romaine?
Washing doesn't kill germs like the heat from cooking does. That's why health officials are warning against all romaine.
According to a 2013 U.S. government report , leafy greens such as lettuce and spinach are the biggest source of food poisoning.
"Any product that we don't have a cooking step is a bigger issue," said Martin Wiedmann, a professor of food safety at Cornell.
Then when can I have salad again?
It's not clear when it will be OK to eat romaine again. Public health officials would want to be able to identify the source of the contamination or see the reported illnesses stop. Romaine has a shelf life of 21 days.
Romaine sold in the U.S. comes from different regions at different times of year. So while the romaine lettuce linked to the E. coli outbreak earlier this year was from Arizona, romaine lettuce on shelves now is mostly from California, regulators said.
Harvesting just recently began shifting back to southern California and Arizona, though most of that product has not started shipping, according to Lopez of the Arizona Leafy Green Marketing Agreement. She said suppliers were asked to withdraw products until health officials are confident the pipeline is clear of contaminated romaine.
What about turkey?
Besides the romaine outbreak, there's a long-running widespread salmonella outbreak linked to raw turkey in the U.S.
Raw meat and poultry is allowed to have salmonella because it's assumed that people will cook it. That's why regulators aren't telling people to avoid it, they're just reminding people to properly handle and cook their holiday birds.
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute’s Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.Floor Signal Markers
Industrial floor signal markers that provide an efficient system for marking up walkways, forklift routes and pallet/stacking areas. The markers are manufactured from tough PVC to meet the heavy-duty requirements of warehouse environments, including everyday traffic.
- Signals available in various shapes
- Supplied in packs of 10Some people may think anal sex is a recent practice, but they are wrong. From the very beginning of civilization, people have expressed their interest on this act of intercourse.
Yeah, a lot might disagree with me but the truth is; more than fifty percent couple tries this act at least once. Since we are talking about anal sex, it’s very obvious that extra bit of precaution is required under such circumstances. The reality is, anus and the rectal tissues can’t produce enough lubricant like vagina.
So what can be done? Yeah, best anal lube is the perfect solution that rescues you.
The best anal lube will fit with you and your partner. If you plan on using condoms, you’ll need to pick the right anal lube. Sex toys are not always compatible with certain anal lubes, so you’ll need to keep that in mind when making your choice.
The best anal lubricant choices are those that fit with a variety of situations. It might be a water based lube that you can use alone with your sex toys or with a partner and condoms. It might be silicone based for you and your long-term lover who are trying anal for the first time.
The lube you choose should be a good consistency that will last as long as possible. You don’t want the lube to dry out prematurely. That can lead to pain and discomfort, which is the last thing you want for your partner or yourself. These are our top 10 choices based on the consistency, type of lube, and unique features that we found interesting.
Table of Contents
- Top 10 anal lube comparison chart
- Top 10 Anal Lube Reviews
- Pjur Analyse Me Lubricant! – best silicon based
- Lynk Pleasure Personal Lubricant - best water based
- Cleanstream Relax Desensitizing -most popular
- Swiss Navy Silicon Based lubricant - Long lasting
- Wicked Sensual Care Water Based Lubricant
- PALOQUETH Sex Lube for Vagina & Anus
- Turn On Anal Lubricant
- Passion Lubes Maximum Strength
- SWISS NAVY Lubricant with Clove
- System Jo H2o Personal Lubricant
- Things to consider when you choose the best anal lubricant
Top 10 anal lube comparison chart
Silicone or water based anal lube? Which one is best for anal sex?
You can get thousands of variety of lube in the market place. But which one is best for anal sex?
Well, those who don’t have any idea on this issue will just grab a water based lube, because they’ve probably heard that it’s the best one to use without any side effect.
But the truth is, the SILICON BASED lube is the right choice for you guys in case of anal sex, and it’s according to our research from those who used it while having anal sex.
Silicon based lubricant contains four main ingredients, which are Dimethicone, Dimethiconol, Cyclomethicone and in some cases a spermicide. These ingredients help to maintain the extra stickiness for long time and don’t have any side effect..
Note:. Don’t get confused from porn that they don’t use lube; actually they do behind the screen. If the only purpose is anilingus then someone should use flavored lube.
Top 10 Anal Lube Reviews
Pjur Analyse Me Lubricant! – best silicon based
My Impression
To start, I love the play on words here. This cheeky company have given the name of Analyse Me! to their anal glide. It’s a silicone-based lube that should be used by couples who are not using condoms. Although, the company says they’re compatible with natural rubber and synthetic condoms.
As far as ingredients, this has no preservatives or fragrances. That’s a great thing to hear for those who have sensitivities to certain ingredients. It’ll take only a few drops to coat his penis for penetration. During anal, you want a lube that will coat the penis and anus without soaking in or drying. That won’t happen with this lube. One of the ingredients it does have is jojoba. It’s an organic extract from a desert plant. You can’t get more natural than a plant extract.
Analyze Me is hypoallergenic and able to lubricate the anus as well as the penis, sex toy or other object being inserted. It’s not recommended for silicone toys or latex condoms, though. Otherwise, this is a fantastic lube that is great for beginners and more advanced users alike.
-.
Lynk Pleasure Personal Lubricant - best water based
My impression
This lubricant is made from high quality water based ingredients..
Cleanstream Relax Desensitizing -most popular
My impression
Normally, I wouldn't recommend a numbing anal lube, but it can be a good idea for some couples. only 2%, so you're not going to be completely numbed. It's enough to take the sharp edge off pain if you're nervous. It can work for a person who has had painful experiences in the past.
- lube comes in a “spill-proof” bottle.
This company has put considerable time and effort into their product. It can be enjoyed by sexual adventurers who want to try anal or enjoy anal already and want to take it to the next level.
- Ergonomic bottle design for easy dispensing during sex.
- Attractive bottle can be left on the nightstand.
- Velvety texture of the lube works great for anal sex.
- Hypoallergenic ingredients won't cause irritation or an allergic skin reaction.
-.
The lube is free of ingredients that would cause irritation. It doesn't have glycerin or parabens. The ingredients are meant to ensure that it is pH balanced for any kind of sex you'd like to have. While it's geared towards anal, there's no reason to purchase two different lubes for sex. The jelly can be used with latex condoms and silicone toys.
The lube will last a long time during sex. The fact that it's water based makes it easy to reactivate when it starts to become dry. It'll take a bit of practice to understand when it's starting to dry out, though. You don't need more lube. It can be reactivated with a bit of spit or water. Since it's a lube made with water, it's easy to clean the lube from your body when you're done, too. All you need is a bit of water to rinse it away.
As far as discreet packaging, this lube from Wicked is very discreet. It's a simple black tube that can sit out on the nightstand. Nobody will know that you have an anal jelly there unless they read the fine print.
- This is a water-based lube made to the consistency of jelly.
- It's easy to clean from the body and won't stain sheets or clothing.
- This lube was tested as hypoallergenic.
- There's no scent to this lube.
- It's free of glycerin and parabens.
- The lovely squeeze container can leak if it isn't closed properly.
Final verdict
I'd recommend this jelly anal lube to those who understand the properties of water-based lube. This is a thick jelly that will stay where you want it, but over time, it will dry out. That's the nature of lube that's made with water. It's compatible with latex condoms and all kinds of sex toys. You'll never have to stop and wonder if the lube is the right one for your toy.
My impression
When purchasing an anal lube, you'll want one that is thick enough to stop any kind of friction. That's what often causes pain for beginners. This lube is water-based. That would normally mean that the lube isn't very thick. Water-based lubes are slippery and more like water than other kinds of lube. This one is thick enough to stay in place wherever you want to put it.
Coating a penis, dildo, or plug with this lube will allow it to penetrate the anus easily. It won't take a lot to make penetration more comfortable, either. Once you're done with your sexual adventures, it's easy to wash from the body, too. In fact, much of it is absorbed by the body. It won't leave a drippy mess behind.
The water-based lube is non-greasy and non-sticky. It won't leave a mess in its wake. That means sheets and clothing won't be stained by the lube during sex. There are no odors and weird tastes with this lube. If there's a chance for oral sex with this lube, the taste won't be a turn-off for your partner.
Latex condoms and silicone toys won't be ruined with this 100% vegan lube. It's friendly to the female body as well. That's important for those who are prone to irritations or infections.
- Easy to clean from fabrics as well as the body.
- The water-based lube is completely vegan and body friendly.
- It's a long-lasting formula that doesn't need to be reapplied very often.
- The squeeze bottle is convenient for application in the middle of sex.
- Good for use with silicone toys and safe for latex condoms.
- The flip top of the bottle has the potential to break.
Final verdict
This is a product I'd recommend to anyone who wants to experience backdoor pleasure. It has so much going for it like being hypoallergenic and 100% vegan. It's a water-based product that works well with all kinds of sex toys as well as condoms. Water based lube might not always work for beginners, but this one is thick enough to provide plenty of cushioning during anal.
My impression
This anal lube is a silicone based product. As far as beginners who are trying anal for the first time, silicone is a good way to start. It can be used with certain kinds of condoms, too. Natural, rubber latex condoms work with silicone lube, so you can still be safe when trying anal.
It's a good lube for those who have sensitive skin. If you're unsure whether you would have a bad reaction to an anal lube, you should go with this one. It's a gentle formula with no preservatives or parabens. It's fragrance free, too. That means no harsh chemicals for fragrance. It's hypoallergenic, too.
This can be used for activities beyond anal. It's flavorless, so you can explore your partner's backdoor without chemicals.
Silicone based personal lubes can be used with water. If you want to experience anal while soaking in the tub, this lube won't wash away during play time. It's great in the shower, too. Once it's time to wash the lube away, very warm, soapy water can be used.
- Silicone-based for slick cushioning in anal sex.
- Anal sex doesn't require a lot of lube.
- It can be used with natural rubber latex condoms.
- Free of preservatives and parabens.
- The lube is hypoallergenic.
- Push top can ooze lube if it's not closed properly.
Final verdict
I would recommend that beginners use a silicone based personal lubricant when experiencing anal for the first time. This is a formula that seems to be geared towards beginners to backdoor pleasure. It only take a little to be effective and can be washed away easily after you're done.
My impression
This water based personal lube has a numbing agent inside. Once applied it takes about 15 minutes for the numbing to be activated. As soon as the numbing kicks in, beginners will be able to experience a decrease in pain. It's great for those who have never been able to experience anal because of the intense discomfort.
An anal lube with a numbing ingredient can also be great for those who are experienced with anal. They want to take it to the next level with a lube like this. Instead of gentle pressure and light stroking, this lube allows your partner to really pound your backside.
This is a water based lube that feels like a silicone one. It's a slick formula that stays where you put it. Yet, it washes easily with warm water. The lube won't leave a sticky residue behind, either. Some lubes don't have a weird taste, so you can experience oral with them. That's not recommended with this lube since it'll make your tongue and lips numb. It can have a slight numbing impact on the penis during penetration, too.
It's a clear lube that won't stain clothing or fabrics. While it might leave a small wet dot on the sheets, it's a simple matter of wiping it away. It doesn't have a strange odor during sex, either.
- This lube is odorless and lasts a long time.
- The ingredients added to this lube will numb you to decrease pain levels.
- The bottle is fairly large, so you won't run out of lube for a while.
- Numbing with this lube lasts for a long time.
- It's made in the US with FDA approval.
- Some people find it sticky.
Final verdict
I'd recommend this lube for beginners who have tried sex and found it way too painful. The desensitizing agent will make the penetration more enjoyable. It can also help ease fears. Some women who previously had pain find that they can even orgasm using a lube that numbs a bit. It's also good for advanced anal sex participants who want to take it to the next level.
My impression
When beginners start to play around with anal sex, they are often tense. That translates to the muscles of the anus. This lube has an ingredient called Clove Flower Oil. It's a relaxant and a mild anesthetic. It can actually be more painful for tense first timers than for others.
Most of the time, I don't recommend numbing the anus completely. It's basically turning off the alarm system for your body when you're not able to feel pain. You could be doing damage if you're numbed thoroughly. It can be helpful for those who really want to try anal, but they're scared. The natural ingredient in this lube is a good compromise. It's mild and won't stop serious pain from being translated to the body.
This is a silicone anal lube that's velvety to the touch. It shouldn't be used with condoms or silicone toys, but couples will enjoy the silky nature of the lube. It provides a generous cushion between the penis and the anus. That kind of cushion reduces friction to zero.
The lube is fantastic for beginners, but it's great for advanced anal play, too. Your partner might want to thrust vigorously, and that can be done virtually pain free with this lube.
- It's a long lasting lube that won't be absorbed in the body
- Has relaxing properties of clove for mild pain reduction
- Leak proof, locking pump, so you don't end up with lube everywhere during sex
- Made of premium silicone that's smooth and velvety to the touch
- It has an earthy smell from the clove that can mask odors
- It shouldn't be used if there will be any oral play during sex.
Final verdict
The mild analgesic of this lube makes it great for beginners who want to experience anal sex. It'll help them relax and get in the mood. That always makes anal much more pleasurable. It's a good way for more advanced users to up their anal game. You can take larger objects and more vigorous thrusting with a bit of clove in the lube. I'd recommend this for any couples who want to explore anal more in-depth.
My impression
When a lube is made specifically for anal sex like this one, it's thick and silky. Water based lubes don't always have the right texture for anal sex unless they're formulated specifically for the anus. The best anal lube is one that cushions the body from friction. That includes the anus as well as the penis or sex toy that's being inserted. It should be able to coat both areas to make penetration painless.
This lube is improved with a thicker consistency. It's a high viscosity formula that will feel like a silicone or oil lube. Water based lube tends to dry because it's absorbed by the body. The air and friction causes it to evaporate, too. That's a problem when you're involved in anal sex. Many people complain that during the action, it's distracting to have to pull out and reapply the lube. That won't be a problem with this thicker lube.
Along with being thicker, you're getting a lube that is safe to be used with condoms. There are many reasons that condoms are important. Safe sex with your partner or covering your sex toys for anal are both reasons you would need a condom. You should never have to worry that they'll break during sex.
- The water-based lube is thick enough to be confused with silicone lube.
- Works great for anal sex with its silky texture.
- Safe for use with condoms or silicone sex toys.
- Has the approval of the FDA behind it.
- The bottle's cap has to be screwed tight between uses.
Final verdict
This is a great lube for beginners and advanced users. It's important to use a water based lube for sex when you need to use condoms. While sex should be a pleasurable experience, there should be safety in mind if it's needed. This can be used with silicone sex toys, too. That's good news for couples who want to use a dildo or prostate stimulator. Those who enjoy self love will enjoy the fact that this lube can be used for all kinds of play.
Things to consider when you choose the best anal lubricant
- Right Lube for the Situation
The lube that you choose will depend on a few factors. There are a couple of different types of lube. There’s water-based, oil-based, and silicone-based. Water-based lubes are perfect for vaginal sex. They’re also great for play with silicone sex toys or latex condoms. Silicone- and oil-based lubes will break down the latex or silicone. Latex will break and toys will surfaces will break down.
The right lube for anal sex without a condom should have a good consistency. It can be made from silicone, oil, or water-based. It’ll depend on what feels good, and what kind of toys you’ll be using. It’s a lube that you won’t likely be able to use for vaginal sex. It’s best to have two different lubes for anal and vaginal sex.
- Avoid Harmful Ingredients
It’s important that you don’t use numbing ingredients like lidocaine or benzocaine in your anal lube. You don’t want to numb the area because you could be damaging your anus or rectum without knowing it. Pain is your body’s way of alerting you to danger. You don’t want to numb your body’s alarm system.
If you plan on using toys or condoms, don’t use silicone based lubes. They’re not dangerous if you’re having anal sex with a trusted partner and no condom, though. They can be harmful to latex condoms or anal sex toys.
- Thicker Lube
Thick lube is best for anal because it provides more cushioning during insertion. Thinner liquids are used in areas like the vagina that has its own lubrication as action progresses. The anus and rectum won’t have lubrication.
A gel consistency is a kind of thicker lube that needs to be used in this area. It’ll allow for easier insertion. Most people believe that friction is needed for the man to feel good during penetration, but that’s not the case. The pressure from a tight anal cavity will provide him with incredible sensations. It’ll have to coat objects to be inserted thoroughly, too. Stick to a thick gel, and anal sex will be pleasurable for both parties.
- Long Lasting
In the vagina, you’re able to use a water based lube. The lube doesn’t last as long, but you can easily add water or saliva to reactivate it. Eventually, the woman’s vagina will provide more lubrication. That’s won’t happen with anal sex.
The anus and rectum don’t benefit from their own natural lubrication for the purpose of sexy play time. The lube that you use will have to last long enough. You don’t want to have to reapply during anal since the toy or penis will have to be removed from the anus.
- Hypoallergenic
Many folks have sensitive skin. Soaps, detergents, and perfumes can cause itchy, irritated skin. That can also be true of sex lube. If you have sensitive skin, you’ll want a lube that’s hypoallergenic.
You’ll want to stay away from ingredients like capsaicin, which is used in warming lubes. Glycerin can be irritating to some people, too. If you have sensitivities, you’ll have to experiment with a few anal lubes to find one that doesn’t cause a problem. Use them in small amounts at first to test whether you’ll have a reaction.
Beginner's Guide to Backdoor Pleasure
If you've been curious about anal sex, this guide will help you. It'll answer all those curious questions you'll eventually have once you decide to do the deed. Anal sex is when a man or woman receives an object into the anus. It could be a sex toy like a dildo or a plug. It might be a penis or a strap on for penetration.
It's recommended that you don't try anal for the first time with a partner. You'll want to experience the sensations alone. Your partner might be too enthusiastic and not as gentle as you need for your first time. He or she might not progress as slowly as needed, too.
Anal sex can be painful if there isn't enough lube. It can be painful when the object is inserted too quickly, too. You'll need to prepare your anus for play before you try to insert anything. Add anal lube to your finger and the outside of your anus. Experiment with the sensation of slowly inserting the tip of your finger. It helps if you are aroused. There will be less pain if you're relaxed and in the mood.
You want to experiment alone first because being tense can actually cause pain. The muscles tighten and that can work against the object you're trying to insert. Relax and use lots of the right kind of lube. The right lube will be incredibly slick and won't dry out as quickly. The rectum doesn't produce it's own lubrication like you get with the vagina. You'll need a lube that stays slick and is long lasting.
Once you've played with your finger and gotten used to the sensation, you can introduce a tiny, thin sex toy. There are many anal training kits that you might try. The object you try for your first insertion should be made for the anus. It'll have a flange at the end, so that your toy doesn't get sucked into your bottom. That's a real concern with anal play.
It's vital that you learn what you like, what turns you on, and what you can expect with anal sex before adding a partner.
Talk about what you both can expect when you try anal sex for the first time. It's important that you clean yourself internally, so the sex is as comfortable and cleanly as possible.
Even after experimenting, you'll want to go super slow. The head of the penis is the widest part and will hurt the most during insertion. It widens the anus and can cause pain if not done slowly. Make sure your partner is patient and goes very slowly. You should be in control of how much enters your body – not your partner.
The position you choose for anal can bring about the most pleasure or be the one that causes extreme discomfort. Experiment with missionary, doggy style or lying flat on your stomach. If it's uncomfortable, don't be afraid to suggest that you're on top. The person receiving anal will want to be in complete control.
Basically, you want to use an oily lube that is long lasting and thick. Experiment alone first. Talk to your partner about your expectations. Stay in control until you learn what works and what doesn't.
FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
Wrap up
The anal lube that you choose should be compatible with the kind of play you're planning. If you're going to be playing with a partner and condoms will be involved, that lube should be water based. That means it'll dry out a bit more quickly than other kinds of lubes like the silicone based ones. If you're going to use toys alone or with your partner, that would rule out silicone based lube, too. Be conscious of the kind of play you'll be participating in, and use the right lube for the job.
Related article: personal lubricant for vaginal sexAggressive And Effective Commercial Litigation Representation
Getting to the bottom of a legal dispute is an essential part of resolving it. That is, understanding the nature of a conflict deserves careful investigation. Building compelling legal arguments is equally as important. With a focus on the bottom line, at the Law Offices of Harvey A. Arnoff, our commercial litigation attorneys work hard to implement effective strategies in partnership with our clients. We draw on rich experience and extensive knowledge.
Our litigation style is aggressive, and our approach with our clients is consultative. Ideally, a party in a commercial dispute should be well-prepared to choose wisely when it comes time to decide whether to settle or take a case before a judge. To that end, our lawyers clearly explain legal concepts and discuss our clients’ cases with them thoroughly. We believe that our clients should have a firm grasp of their rights and opportunities. Transparency is a key element of our attorney-client relationships.
Our Litigation Areas
No legal challenge having to do with business organization or commerce lies outside of our firm’s areas of focus. We adeptly handle all litigation matters related to businesses, including the following:
- Contract and partnership disputes; shareholder disputes
- Employment law violation claims; employer-employee disputes; noncompete and trade secret violations
- Consumer complaints and civil lawsuits against companies
- Breach of contract claims, tortious interference claims and general business torts
- Intellectual property issues
- Purchase and sale agreement disputes
- Business fraud allegations
- State law and code violations
- Commercial lease disputes
- Securities violations
We zealously stand up for our clients’ rights and interests, regardless of their roles in disputes. We treat each client with compassion and respect while striving to get their legal conflicts resolved quickly, efficiently and cost-effectively.
Why Choose The Law Offices Of Harvey A. Arnoff?
Many strengths of our law firm enable us to do our best work for our clients. A dedicated staff helps our lawyers take care of details in a timely manner and keep communication channels open. Our strong work ethic and positive track record put our legal opponents on notice that we know what it takes to win a case. We enjoy a favorable reputation in the legal community and often receive attorney referrals.
If you are facing a business or commercial legal challenge, we look forward to hearing from you at your earliest opportunity. You may reach us by calling 631-801-5401 or sending a message through this website.Girl Tribe Recommends: Shop
By Charlotte Holtby
Back to School shopping includes a new must-have item this year – face masks! But don’t worry, we found this article rounding up a huge variety of fashionable face masks – there’s something for everyone!
Concerns about global health are becoming more widespread with each news headline. Lots of people now want to include an unexpected accessory into their daily wardrobes in order to prevent potential illnesses. Masks have been the new normal and are expected whenever going out. A growing number of countries have made wearing a face mask in public spaces mandatory because of the CDC guidelines.
The fashion industry started making face masks as medical requirements. Brands such as Gucci, Louis Vitton, Fendi, Balenciaga, and Off white are making masks and they are being sold at a rapid rate. What’s even more crazy is that brands like Christian Siriando, Dior, and Chanel are turning their factories into face mask production facilities.
Some people are making DIY face masks at home, for a more affordable price. People have learned to tie dye masks or even sew masks. Kim Kardashian even started a line of face masks with Skims and other celebrities such as Jennifer Anniston, Reese Witherspoon, Tracee Ellis Ross, Kerry Washington, Olivia Wilde, and Kourtney Kardashian are telling people on social media to “wear a damn mask”. In order to get through this difficult time we must stay strong as a community and wear face masks to reduce the spread of COVID-19. MASK UP!!Short answer: No.
If you still have a few minutes, here’s the long answer.
There are a lot of quotes around saying that a writer must write every day. Michael Connelly: “Write every day, even if it’s just a paragraph.” Ray Bradbury: “You must write every single day of your life. . . ” Robert McKee: “Write every day, line by line, page by page, hour by hour.” Articles purporting to be habits of highly successful writers usually include this bit of advice.
But it is WRONG.
Writers–like humans–come in all types.
There are writers who cannot survive without writing every day. They keep slips of paper in their pockets and pens in their hair and sometimes they wake in the night and write in their journal, which is on their nightstand, open to a fresh page.
There are writers who have been into photography recently but when go on a road trip with friends, they livetweet the experience and then Storify it on the spotty wifi at the last motel before home. Then after they unpack, they take up knitting.
There are writers who just recently heard the word “NaNoWriMo” and googled it and thought “Huh. Why not me?”
There are writers who have grueling work schedules and come home to families that need feeding and have no time to wash their hair, but while they’re standing over the stove making some delicious mac n’ cheese, a thought moves in and makes a home behind one ear and eventually starts to expand into all the rooms in the head. Then one day that writer gets fired and they spend their first week freaking out and the next week helping that idea move to paper.
There are writers who find it impossible to get out of bed on very dark days, much less drag themselves three feet to the computer, but on the good days, they write hilarious stories and make their readers laugh and laugh.
This is not an exhaustive list of writers. There is no one way to be a writer. And the ways a writer writes may change over time. Frankly, I think it’s a very privileged to say that a writer must write every day, because not every writer can. Of course a highly successful (i.e. HIGHLY PAID) writer is more likely to be able to write every day. But you don’t stop being a writer when you put down your pen.
So, no. Writers don’t have to write every day. Imaginations can be boundless, time is still limited. Writers write. . . eventually.The Conklin Duragraph Fountain Pen - Cracked Ice. Originally launched in 1923, The Conklin Duragraph fountain pen is considered as “definitive” pen. The name is derived from the amalgamation of the words durable and graph. The new Duragraph collection adds a fresh and contented flat-top design. The band of the cap is featured with Duragraph script logo and three Conklin Crescent logos on both sides.
100% No-Risk Money-Back GuaranteeOnline Documentation for DB Comparer for InterBase/Firebird
Viewing objects definition
The Source Object Definition and the Target Object Definition windows contain the DDL structure (Data Definition Language) of the source and target database objects. This area is read-only, hence you cannot modify object definitions using Object Definition windows.
For your convenience visual representation of definition differences is implemented: you can see the corresponding DDL differences highlighted in both Object Definition windows. If necessary, you can customize the colors using the Colors section of the Environment Options dialog.
Note: You can show/hide these windows using the View | Source Object Definition and the View | Target Object Definition main menu items.
Use the arrow buttons to quickly get to the Next\Previous or First\Last difference.
Popup menu
Use Synchronization to synchronize scrolling of the contents in both windows (i.e. when you scroll through one DDL text, the other scroll bar moves synchronously).
Use Copy Object Definition to copy the DDL displayed within the area to Windows clipboard.Photo courtesy Amazon.com
Amazon is entering the realm of TV programming and wants you to help decide which of 14 pilots it makes into full TV series, according to an article on USAToday.com.
Starting today, Amazon Studios is posting 14 pilots — eight comedies and six children’s shows — for free at Amazon Instant Video via any Amazon Instant Video app. Participants can watch the pilots and provide their feedback and comments through a survey, which will be used to determine whether a pilot is deemed worthy of being developed into a show.
Some of the comedy pilots include “Alpha House” starring John Goodman and Mark Consuelos; “Browsers” starring Bebe Neuwirth; and the animated “Supanatural” about two divas who as humanity’s last line of defense against the supernatural. And kids’ shows include “Oz Adventures” and “Teeny Tiny Dogs.”China Britain Medical and Dental Academy
Continuing Professional Development Courses
CBMDA Advanced Programmes
China Britain Medical and Dental Academy provides a full range of advanced - Advanced
Postgraduate Certificate
2 weeks full time advanced classroom and clinical training
Overview.
Structure:
Open
Campus:
London
United Kingdom
Schedule:
Monthly Admission
Find out more:
China Britain Medical and Dental Academy
Tel: +44 (0) 7718 6323 87
Core modules.E.C.O. T-Shirt - Ash
- Description
- Features
- Transparency
- Size Guide
- Delivery & Returns
Our E.C.O. T-Shirt (Ethical. Climate-Neutral. Organic) is cut from lightweight, super-soft organic cotton in a casual fit. A classic tee made with premium materials, strong seams and exceptional ethical standards.
Perfect for just about anything - a sweaty yoga practice, lunchtime bouldering session, an evening out with friends, and day-to-day life.
Ethical
The production is annually audited to comply with the FWF Code of Labour Practices in accordance with the International Labour Organisation’s conventions and UN’s Declaration on Human Rights.
Climate Neutral
They are produced with a 90% reduction in CO2, through a combination of low-impact organic farming, efficiency in manufacturing and transportation, and the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuel-based grid electricity. That means a single E.C.O. T-shirt saves around 7 kilograms of CO2.
Organic
Produced exclusively from organic cotton grown in India, where the entire production process is controlled and certified in accordance with the latest version of GOTS.
- 100% GOTS certified organic cotton
- 90% reduced CO2 usage (7kg per t-shirt)
- PETA approved vegan
- Fair Wear certified
- Casual fit
Material
100% GOTS certified organic cotton
Factory Location
India
Why We Picked Them
As a vertically integrated garment factory, they oversee the ethics and transparency within their production from start to finish.
The state-of-the-art technology and ultra-modern infrastructure make them one of the leading examples of socially and environmentally responsible production.
-MÉRÉSTECHNIKAI SZAKÜZLET
Siglent SVA1075X 7.5GHz spectrum & vector network analyzer is the newest analyzer that represent the highest bandwidth and can be also be extended with Vector Signal Analysis and other options to increase versatility for meeting the unique challenges of RF circuit design.The SIGLENT SVA1075X spectrum & vector network analyzer is a powerful and flexible tool for RF signal and network analysis. With a frequency range to 7 5 GHz, the analyzer delivers reliable automatic measurements and multiple modes of operation: the base model are a spectrum analyzer and a vector network analyzer, optional functions include a distance to fault locator, a vector signal modulation analyze r. Applications include broadcast monitoring/evaluation, site surveying, S parameter measurement, cable and antenna testing, analog/digital modulation analysis, EMI pre compliance test, research and development, education, production, and maintenance.Life can be such a joy! Don’t spend another week or month or year of it feeling less than the best version of yourself. I am writing this for you today because I’ve been in your shoes, I know what you are capable of doing (‘cuz I’ve been there too!) and because I truly want to help.
Me above, about seven years on the arthritis eating plan. I still struggle with discipline. I made peach pie recently and ate half of it. Yesterday I bought pizza. I ate half of that too. But as you can see, most of the time I keep agreements with myself and stick to the A-eating plan.
In 2012 I embarked on a journey that would take seven years, some one hundred health related books, and years of studying and experimenting to discover the right paths for me and my health issues. My goal was to overcome six different degenerative bone and joint conditions and avoid dangerous drugs like bone builders and pain killers but along the way to better bone and cartilage health, I made a pleasant discovery. Everything that positively affects the bones also affects energy, your skin, hair, teeth, gums, overall weight, health and even sense of well-being. In fact your mood and outward appearance are excellent indicators of what’s going on inside your body.
The Cold Hard Facts
The body has an amazing ability to heal itself. Did you know it has its own reset button? It’s the ancient practice of fasting. Yet most doctors are unaware of its power because they’ve been trained to diagnose symptoms and treat them with drugs.
Most docs are well intentioned. They are a godsend in emergencies. One saved my life several years ago from another one’s near fatal mistake. But most haven’t a clue how to help you overcome chronic health issues and attain vibrant good health other than prescribing drugs. My own western trained doc wanted to put me on the highly dangerous bone builder Boniva! He also tried numerous times to prescribe indefinite courses of pain killers. It became obvious that if drugs weren’t my first choice as they were his, I was on my own. Plus I had to consider what kind of health he was and still is in…not good! I became proactive. Knowing what I know now, I made the right choice and I could not be more pleased.
If you have serious medical conditions or are on prescription drugs, find a great holistic doctor and a nutritionist immediately to help you develop an eating plan; and to help you minimize the prescriptions or gradually wean you off them altogether. The reason I say this is because cutting edge arthritis doctors now know that arthritis is best treated without drugs. They now recommend lifestyle changes instead. Please don’t take my word for it. I’m a patient, not a nutritionist or doctor. Find a doctor who specializes in this and be willing to make the changes she or he prescribes.
Drugs are meant to help us in crisis. They are not part of a lifetime wellness plan as most people have come to believe! This information is something I’m so passionate about sharing.
Educate yourself. Be proactive. Don’t be afraid to ask your doctor lots of questions. Don’t be afraid to say hey Doc, instead of that prescription drug you’re recommending what kind of lifestyle changes can I make instead? Or how can I minimize these medications?
If you take nothing else away today than this: you owe it to yourself to start reading the right books and start watching the right documentaries. Information is power.
If you’ve read any recent books or articles on holistic health and wellness you’re probably somewhat familiar with some of the following terms. What do these things have in common? They are cleansing to your system. Added up on a daily or weekly basis and they’ll really help you move the needle on your health initiatives.
Terms
Rebounding- bounce/dancing bare footed on a rebounder or mini trampoline elevates your mood and moves lymph fluid around. It’s cleansing and energizing and great for the tendons in the lower legs and feet. It’s highly recommended by many health experts. I like to bounce and dance around by bouncing once and then kicking one foot and pulling one knee up towards my chest, right then left. Start slow by bouncing with two feet and use the hand bar for stability., through strokes. This is a great way to exfoliate away dead skin cells which is good for cellular turnover and since the skin is one of your main detoxifiers, it’s another great way to assist your body in its job of “cleansing” itself.
Lemon water- though lemons are acidic outside the body, they are alkalizing in the body and lemon water is also another great cleansing tool. Many experts say to start your morning with a warm (not hot) cup of water with lemon juice. Some people like to add cayenne and a little raw honey for additional cleansing.
Raw foods- you may have heard that cooking in temperatures over 118 degrees depletes the nutrients and enzymes in vegetables and fruit. Raw foodists are easy to spot…they are gorgeous! Beautiful skin tone and coloring, thin limber bodies. That’s because they get tons of nutrients and because they’re so nourished they have few if any food cravings. Now, this is a fairly difficult lifestyle especially if you have family around the house but I’ve come up with a fantastic solution! Eat raw till dinner. Yep. That’s all it takes! Skip breakfast, I’ll share why you another time why you don’t need it; have a big raw salad for lunch; then pretty much have what you want for dinner. No, not pizza! Real, unprocessed food.
Green juicing- this is really important if you have arthritis., do a smoothie as well! But don’t skip the green juice. I’ve put my green juice recipe on Instagram several times. It’s so delicious; you won’t consider it a chore to drink. In fact, it’s so delicious that it’s totally addictive.
Hot/cold showers- not only is this a great way to move lymph fluid and detoxify your body, it’s also an amazing pain reliever. I personally love hot/cold showers though admittedly they take some practice. Start with only what you can tolerate and slowly, while the water is running, increase the intensity. Give yourself a few weeks, even a month or two to perfect this.
Start with hot water, if possible drench your scalp too. Count to thirty slowly, then switch to cold. Keep making it colder, till you get as cold as you can stand. Count to thirty slowly. Repeat three times total. I’ve been doing these for three or four years and still screech with the cold rinse, but the feeling afterward is so worth it. It elevates your mood too!
Fasting- according to Dr. Eugene Zamperion, arthritis specialist and author of The Alternative Guide to Arthritis the number one way to manage your symptoms is with a doctor supervised fasting every spring and fall. From what I could gather from his book and others on fasting is that two to three days is the general duration. This is beyond the scope of my article but I will suffice to say that it’s the most effective thing I’ve used in managing my own symptoms. I’m 5’5, weigh 117 lbs. and I love to eat. Though I know first-hand how effective fasting is, giving up food for one to three days is still a struggle for me. But I can do it and you can too. Again, doctor’s supervision is recommended.
These holistic health practices have enabled me to control my osteoarthritis symptoms, and slow down the degenerative effects of my various bone conditions without pain killers and medication. Don’t try and integrate them all at once! With detoxification, it’s important to start slowly and work your way into cleansing. If you detox too fast, your system will release too many toxins, so detox slow.
Again, find a great holistic doctor and nutritionist and build your own A-Team.
Live beautifully. Eat beautifully, Shiree’
And if you want more arthritis related design and wellness guidance, click here… “Pain Free Design and Wellness” and you’ll get a free chapter of my powerful new book that helps women with arthritis create beautiful, functional homes and take better care of themselves every day!
And if you want more arthritis related design and wellness guidance, click here… “Pain Free Design and Wellness” and you’ll get a free chapter of my powerful new book that helps women with arthritis create beautiful, functional homes and take better care of themselves every day!View All Plants :: View All BULBS :: View All POND PLANTS :: View All SHADE PERENNIALS :: View All SUN PERENNIALS
Pinellia pedatisecta
Pinellia
Plant Type:BULBS
Pinellia pedatisecta - Fan-leaf Green Dragon is an easy-to-grow Arum. Plant it and watch it go! In divided sets of 3 per stem are the glossy green leaves. Fifteen-inch or so green flowers arise above the leaves over a long period in summer looking like tall, elegant and refined Jack-in-the-pulpits. Fan-leaf Green Dragon self-sows readily in bony shade... In fact, it has self-sown at Quackin' Grass in the most unlikely places and seems to thrive - even in our full blazing sun xeric garden. But generally plant Fan-leaf Green Dragon in well-drained soil sited in part shade to sun. For years we tried to grow these in pots that were kept too constantly moist. Learn from our mistake. Pinellia pedatisecta is offered by pot grown offset.
Height:10-15 in
Spread:5-6 in
Colors:Green
Zone:4 to 9
What is my hardiness zone?
Characteristics and Attributes for Pinellia pedatisecta
Season of Interest (Flowering)
- Spring / Summer
Season of Interest (Foliage)
- Spring / Summer
Nature Attraction
- Deer Resistant
Light
- Sun Tolerant
- Shade
- Morning Sun / Afternoon Shade
- Dappled Shade
Attributes
- Woodland
- Border
- Drought Tolerant
- Marginal
- Massing
Growth Rate in the Garden
- Rapid
Soil
- Fertile
- Moist
- Adaptable
Origins
- Japan
Propagated By
- OffsetAug. 24 (UPI) — A Connecticut homeowner who reviewed security camera footage to find out what happened to her missing Amazon package was shocked to see the thief was a black bear.
Kristin Levine, of Bristol, posted a video to Facebook showing the bear taking the package from her front step and walking down her driveway with the pilfered parcel.
“Amazon had dropped off the packages maybe five minutes before, and I got the alert on my security camera, and then I got a second alert five minutes later. I was taken aback because I wasn’t expecting anyone else in my driveway,” Levine told NBC Connecticut.
Levine said she doesn’t know why the bear was interested in the package, as all it contained was a roll of toilet paper.
“It was hysterical, like I said. I knew nothing in there was going to be irreplaceable so it was a fun afternoon, for sure,” Levine said.
She said the package later turned up in a neighbor’s yard.Friends and family remember Ben
A SERIES of moving tributes have been paid to a teenage motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Ipswich.
A SERIES of moving tributes have been paid to a teenage motorcyclist who was killed in a crash in Ipswich.
Ben Summerton died when his Honda bike collided with a concrete post outside a house in Nacton Road in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
Despite desperate attempts to resuscitate the 19-year-old, he died at Ipswich hospital soon after.
A page on social networking website Facebook has been set up in Ben's honour, with scores of tributes posted by his grieving friends and family.
Adam Summerton, Ben's brother, said: “Ben was large, passionate, funny, stubborn and grumpy in equal measures.
“I'll miss him more than I thought possible and more than I can'll miss his sense of humour and his passion for all the things he loved and I'll regret not having enough time with him to do all the things we planned.”
Ben's mother, Wendy Edgell, said: “I am so glad that Ben was able to fulfil some of his dreams - having his own dog, owning exotic animals and finding freedom by becoming a biker and owning his own motorbike.
“I always believed in him and he will live on in my heart forever.”
Ben's sister Emily Edgell added: “Love him now and always.”
Best friend and former college classmate Daniel Edwards described Ben as “an absolute legend and the best friend a guy could ask for”.
He said: “There was not a bad bone inside of you.
“You should know that you made my college life so much easier.”
Ben, who was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome in 2003, would have turned 20 tomorrow.
He had finished a late shift at McDonald's in Ravenswood and had decided to take a detour on his way home from work when the tragedy happened.
Ben, of Purdis Farm, Ipswich, had only bought his Honda NSR 125 in November.
He loved animals and had successfully completed his Advanced National Certificate in Animal Care at Otley College last summer.
A collision investigation is underway and anyone who may have witnessed the incident or who has any information in relation to it is asked to call Pc Richard Godden at the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 01473 613500 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Pay tribute to Ben - write to Evening Star, 30 Lower Brook Street, Ipswich, IP4 1AN or visit the Evening Star website atRedmi Notice 11T 5G India launch is a number of days away. However forward of its formal announcement, Redmi mother or father Xiaomi has teased the Redmi Notice 11T 5G specs. Xiaomi India Managing Director and International Vice President Manu Kumar Jain on Monday tweeted to focus on that Redmi Notice 11T 5G would be the first Redmi cellphone to return with a 6nm chipset. Though the precise particulars are but to be introduced, the chip might be the MediaTek Dimensity 810 — if we consider some current rumors. Redmi India additionally introduced that it has carried out 5G trials for the Redmi Notice 11T 5G by tying up with Reliance Jio.
Jain tweeted to emphasise on the presence of a MediaTek Dimensity SoC on the Redmi Note 11T 5G, He additionally claimed that the brand new mannequin might be Redmi’s quickest 5G cellphone.
The Redmi Notice 11T 5G is imagined to be an Indian variant of the common Redmi Note 11 that was launched in China final month. It’s, due to this fact, probably that the brand new cellphone could have the MediaTek Dimensity 810 SoC that can also be powering the Redmi Notice 11.
Alongside Xiaomi, Amazon has began teasing the Redmi Notice 11T 5G launch in India by means of a dedicated microsite, This means the supply of latest Redmi cellphone by means of the web market — along with Mi.com.
Redmi moreover introduced its partnership with Jio for testing 5G connectivity on the Redmi Notice 11T 5G.
“To confirm the aptitude and efficiency of their upcoming machine, the 2 corporations carried out a 5G standalone lab trial, and examined the machine by means of numerous situations, thereby making certain enhanced 5G end-user experiences,” the corporate mentioned.
The Redmi Notice 11T 5G is confirmed to have seven bands together with SA: n1/ n3/ n5/n8/ n28/ n40/ n78 and NSA: n1/n3/n40/n78. Nonetheless, the precise efficiency outcomes of the cellphone are but to be revealed.
Xiaomi is launching the Redmi Notice 11T 5G in India on November 30,
For the newest tech news and reviews, comply with Devices 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and Google News, For the newest movies on devices and tech, subscribe to our youtube channel,Remove all kitchen waste and store in the correct area. Ensure all crockery, cutlery and kitchen-wear is washed as required..
- Roth Bar & Grill - Bruton
- Côte - Bournemouth - Bournemouth
Our Kitchen Porters are on the ball. They might work behind the scenes, but they’re still at the heart of every service. We’re looking for a true team player…
- Vaporetto - Alton
_£10 per hour + tips_. _Part time hours- Monday 10-2pm, Friday 12-10pm, Saturday 12-10pm_. _Staff Discount- 50% off pizzas from the truck in your off duty hours…
- Great Salterns Harvester, Mitchells and Butlers - Portsmouth
Work safely with kitchen equipment and report any maintenance issues to the manager. Prepare, cook and present food quickly and efficiently, with the key aim of…
- The Greyhound, Tidmarsh - Reading
We are looking for someone to support our chefs with washing up, cleaning and basic food preparation in our pub kitchen at The Greyhound at Tidmarsh.
- Gourmet Burger Kitchen - Bracknell
Pride in achieving the highest levels of cleanliness and health & safety. Discount off your total bill for you and 5 friends in all our brands (T&C's apply).
- The Castle Inn - West Lulworth
You will get paid for the hours you work. The buzz that comes with team parties, events, training courses, great suppliers and some of the industry’s best team…
- The Devil's Punchbowl Hotel - Hindhead
The Devil's Punchbowl Hotel is a 30 bedroom village hotel in Hindhead, we are looking for a live in Kitchen porter team to help to clean and maintain…
- CH&CO Catering Ltd - Ascot
Kitchen help, assisting chefs with the general cleaning, washing up also some front of house work serving children and staff.
- The Spread Eagle Hotel & Spa - Midhurst
As a kitchen porter you will need to be reliable and would help to keep the kitchen running smoothly by making sure everything is clean, tidy, safe and hygienic…
- Amberley Castle - Kitchen - Amberley
This will be 2 to 3 days a week. Hours to suit the right candidate, but could be day time hours, 8am-4pm. Excellent discounts across our family of hotels – you…
- Arties Kitchen Tapas Restaurant - Chichester
You will be working in a small kitchen with other friendly hard working staff and the head chef. Your jobs will include general health and hygiene tasks i…
- The Mill - Haslemere
The Mill is a beautifully restored local pub and restaurant in Shottermill, just outside Haslemere. You will get paid for the hours you work.
- Bourne Valley Inn - Andover
Ensure kitchen checklists are used. To keep all kitchen areas super clean and tidy. To make sure the working areas and equipment in our kitchens are clean and…
-.
- Carter & Co - Portsmouth
Duties include washing up, keeping the kitchen area clean and tidy, following cleaning schedules/procedures and assisting chef with basic food preparation.Now you can skip hours of internet research and jump straight to getting answers with our meaningful at-a-glance Demographics by City Report. With the most current & most popular demographic data, it's the perfect starting point for your research about Hardwick and the rest of Massachusetts.
We know Hard67 people, Hardwick is the 282nd most populated city in the state of Massachusetts out of 351 cities. But watch out, Hardwick, because Holland with 2,603 people and Williamsburg with 2,504 people are right behind you.
The largest Hardwick racial/ethnic groups are White (91.4%) followed by Two or More (4.0%) and Hispanic (2.6%).
In 2019, the median household income of Hardwick households was $56,058. Hardwick households made slightly more than Great Barrington households ($55,478) and Sunderland households ($55,625) . However, 4.0% of Hardwick families live in poverty.
The median age for Hardwick.white rice
A type of white rice. The rice is first parboiled, then drained and finally baked in an oven with oil, butter and salt added. This method creates a fluffy rice with each grain separated.
Chalaow is served mainly with qormas (korma; stews or casseroles).…
Created Dec. 22, 2016 by: eemia21
There are no related dishes.Add Related Dish
Photo by: eemia21 |About Me
Bitstarz28.com bitstarz28
Bitstarz28.com bitstarz28
Bitstarz oyunları yeni Bitstarz28.
While most crypto sports activities betting sites offer similar sports activities, a few of them offer unique sports activities to guess on, bitstarz28.com bitstarz28.
Bitstarz para yatırma bonusu yok codes for existing users
These poker rooms manage to have decent pools of gamers and assured tournaments, bitstarz28.com bitstarz28.
Bitstarz player lands $2,459,124 record win! Profile picture of bitstarz trustworthy, 20 free spins bitstarz. Click here >>> bitstarz trustworthy bitstarz trustworthy your financial. You can also apply this mastercard promo to war themed games like zhanshi, a visually stunning game that puts your honor and courage. Is it safe to play at an online casino? And then i realize i have my vpn on. I'll turn it off, contact the site, provide proof of my current ip, location, etc to show that it's. The dreamers initiative forum - member profile > activity page. Bitstarz casino run on the direx n. Learn more here and earn some dai for yourself, bitstarz trustworthy. Bitstarz trustworthy play bitcoin slots and casino games online: bitstarz. They offer 50 free spins as a no deposit bonus with a wide selection of games available on the platform, are bitstarz legit. Åbyhøj tennisklub forum - medlems profil > profil side. Bruger: bitstarz trustworthy, bitstarz. Com reviews, titel: new member, about: bitstarz trustworthy &. Free: +1 888 500 1070. If online gambling is on your to-try list this year, bitstarz online casino is a trusted, safe, and legit go-to choice for canadian gamblers who
Bitstarz trustworthy, битстарз 52 customers from nations that are typically excluded. If you're a user in a rustic not listed above then you'll be able to ignore this table and proceed on to read our number of the most effective total sites under, bitstarz28.com bitstarz28. Here, we will explore a few of the greatest Bitcoin playing sites the trade has to offer and discover the unique player experience every casino brings. In addition, whereas some wallets are solely used for storage , some Bitcoin wallets can additionally be used for getting and selling, bitstarz28.com bitstarz28.
Now out there for WordPress =) See the way it looks at the Demos: Demos * Clean installation (only advertisements were added) * Explore a variety of the taps type the Cryptoo, bitstarz para yatırma bonusu yok codes for existing users. Bitstarz.com complaints
No amount of funds need to be deposited whatsoever, bitstarz casino legit. Note that this is the amount you need to wager, not spend, bitstarz trustworthy. Is it safe to play at an online casino? Bitstarz casino may be legit and all but they are no different with their terms and conditions than any other online casino. I think that bitstarz also counts on players. Withdrawal amount: minimum of 0, bitstarz eu. Bitstarz legit or not. For more information on space level up adventure or anything else bitstarz. Ch mach platz für neues! forum - mitgliedsprofil > profil seite. Benutzer: is bitstarz safe, is bitstarz down, titel: new member, über: is. Each of bitstarz no deposit bonus codes casinoâ€™s online games. Buy bitcoin safely on coinbase, the world's #1 most trusted and easy-to-use crypto platform. Bitstarz player wins 4,000 on greek gods slot! Bitstarz is a legal and reputable online casino site that has many good reviews. Regarding any bonus offers received, i always refer to the. Do you agree with bitstarz casino's 4-star rating? check out what 297 people have written so far, and share your own experience. Top bitcoin casinos reviews, bitstarz trustworthy. Did you know that you can earn btc and crypto without any investments and specific knowledge? it is possible. User: is bitstarz down, is bitstarz casino legit, title: new member, about: is bitstarz down  . Bitstarz also offer weekly bonuses and promotions such as reload. Forex signals · like us on facebook · quick links · help · stay up to date with our latest blogs, news &
Withdrawals and Deposits Are Instant, bitstarz trustworthy. While different playing web sites set up insurance policies that permit them maintain onto customers' funds for some time, the Primedice playing platform does not do such. In other phrases, you can request your earnings, and in a matter of minutes, Primedice would course of the fee. The first and largest of these is the welcome bonus for Crypto Reels, . This is a 450% matching bonus for deposits up to $1000 which suggests you could claim a bonus as large as $4500. To declare the bonus, you have to use the Crypto Reels bonus code WELCOMECRYPTO when making your first deposit. If you deposit using Bitcoin you can even earn $75 in free chips.
New Games:
mBTC free bet Ambiance
22Bet Casino Grandma’s Attic
CryptoGames Revolution
1xBit Casino Tycoon Towers
OneHash The Lab
1xBit Casino After Night Falls
Cloudbet Casino Sea Underwater Club
Bitcasino.io Irish Eyes 2
King Billy Casino Victorious
Bspin.io Casino Kung fu Furry
Cloudbet Casino Temple of Luxor
22Bet Casino Trump It
Betcoin.ag Casino Great Blue
22Bet Casino One Million Reels BC
Bitcasino.io Satoshi’s Secret
Deposit and withdrawal methods - BTC ETH LTC DOG USDT, Visa, MasterCard, Skrill, Neteller, PayPal, Bank transfer.
Today's Results:
Ninja Chef - 641.5 ltc
Purple Hot 2 - 546.5 bch
Exotic Fruit - 47.5 eth
Barnyard Bonanza - 333.5 btc
Tycoons - 200.7 usdt
Sweet Life - 721.4 bch
Arcade Bomber - 390.9 bch
Crystal Queen - 466.8 dog
Cleopatra - 578.6 btc
Red Baron - 459.9 ltc
Daring Dave - 205.4 dog
Purple Hot 2 - 748.2 bch
Reel Rush - 237.9 btc
Zombiezee Money - 70.1 usdt
Seadogs Story - 14.6 eth
Bitstarz28.com bitstarz28, bitstarz para yatırma bonusu yok codes for existing users
You can withdraw a smaller quantity each 5 minutes or go to as soon as per day and declare the large amount that has built up when you were away. As of July 6, 2017, all the funds in the website are made immediately and instantly into your CoinPot account. They even have a referral program that offers you a 1% bonus for every active referral you make. A referral is taken into account 'lively' if they make no less than 1 faucet declare in the past 72 hours, bitstarz28.com bitstarz28. If you like games, you should use that keenness to earn free bitcoins. Rtp slots bitstarzHB 1205: Homestead Exemptions
GENERAL BILL by Rodriguez, A.
Homestead Exemptions; Provides homestead assessment limitation from school district levies for certain persons age 65 or older; authorizes persons receiving certain homestead exemption & persons holding joint title with right of survivorship to receive limitation; provides procedures for use by property appraiser in limitation granted inappropriately; provides lien requirements.
Last Action: 5/3/2019.UK countries party to existing EU trade agreements, 2018 data, £ million
- Methodology and Quality notes
Summary
1. This release provides key numbers on UK trade agreements. These statistics do not estimate the value or impact of the trade agreements themselves, they provide, for context, the overall value of the UK’s trade with countries covered by these agreements. These countries are sometimes referred to as ‘Trade Agreement Continuity’ (TAC) countries.
Key statistics
2. The Government is seeking continuity for our existing EU trade agreements as we leave the European Union (see methodology note 1).
3. UK trade with countries party to trade agreements with which we are seeking continuity accounted for £139bn or 11% of UK’s total trade (goods and services) in 2018.
4. Agreements have now been signed with countries that account for more than half (53%) of the UK’s trade with all TAC countries. Once the UK-Korea Agreement is in place, which has been agreed in principle today, this number will rise to 63% of that trade.
5. This would mean we have already secured continuity on £88 billion of UK trade. That has moved from £39 billion in the past 3 months.
Chart 1: UK Trade Agreements in the context of total UK trade (goods and services)
Table 1: Trade with TAC target countries party to UK signed trade agreements and those agreed in principle, 2018 data, £ million
Table 2: UK Trade with TAC target countries party to agreements still to be agreed, 2018 data, £ million
Methodology and Quality notes
The department provides additional notes on the quality of the data in this release under the following headings:
1. Relevance: The statistics provided indicate progress towards securing continuity of existing trade agreements.:
2. Content: The’:
3. Completeness: These statistics do not estimate the value or impact of the trade agreements themselves, they provide, for context, the overall value of the UK’s trade with countries covered by these agreements. In particular these statistics cover the UK’s bilateral trade with partner countries covering all exports and imports of goods and services.
4. Geographical coverage: This analysis was conducted for the UK and countries party to trade agreements for which we are seeking continuity (see Relevance). The UK geographical coverage for ONS statistics is defined on a balance of payments basis.
5. User needs: This release provides contextual information for policy makers, parliamentarians, businesses, the media and the wider public, and to contribute to the wider government transparency agenda.
6. Accuracy: The accuracy of results is dependent on the accuracy of the data sources used. UK trade values are sourced from published ONS statistics. Further information on methodology and quality is available on the ONS website:
7. Uncertainty and bias: Trade data is volatile and frequently revised. The use of annual figures in this release provides greater stability than using quarterly figures.
8. Timeliness and punctuality: This is an ad hoc release. It should be noted that the underlying statistics from ONS can be revised on a quarterly basis. The policy context underlying this release is also subject to change (see Relevance and Content).
9. Accessibility and clarity: All the statistics provided in this release are based on publicly available information (see Relevance and Content).
10. Coherence and comparability: Trade statistics have been provided from a single source for all countries, so that values are comparable.
11. Performance cost and respondent burden: Not applicable
12. Security, confidentiality and transparency: All statistics released are calculated based on previously published information (see Relevance and Content).
Further information and feedback
You can contact the DIT Statistics Team if you have any questions or comments about this release. Email: statistics@trade.gov.uk. Please use ‘UK trade with Trade Agreement Continuity (TAC) Countries’ as your subject line. Responsible statistician: Christina Barfoot
UK Trade with Trade Agreement Continuity (TAC) Countries – the StatisticsAbout Michael Grassia
Michael’s passion for the cartoon medium has started very early in his life. He has been drawing since he could hold a pencil and became serious about learning his craft at eight years old. His passion has never disappeared and continues to be constantly amazed and inspired by the medium. Michael's professional career spans over two decades, with his first job as a concept artist and animator for a Westchester based educational software company way back in 1994 when he was eighteen years old. Since then Michael has worked in a variety of creative fields including illustration, animation, graphic design, video production, and puppetry.
A lot has been said about Michael's style. He embraces the modern while paying homage to all who came before. Children love it as do adults that are transported back to their youth. Give Michael a pencil and it becomes his magic wand which he waves across the paper making the silly come alive.
Over the years Michael has worked on and created many comics. Michael is best know for his comic Plunger Pup about a dog that fights crime with a magic plunger and his online newspaper style strip, The Wiz which has been on hiatus since June 2019. The Wiz will be returning very soon and you can fallow the comic here on Facebook and on instagram.
Michael is also an educator sharing his art with children of all ages. He has taught, guest lectured, and created art courses on the college level. Michael developed GET IN TOON! an educational cartooning program that he travels to schools, libraries, camps, and more inspiring children to create their own cartoon characters and worlds. You can find out more about GET IN TOON! here. In addition Michael is a regular fixture at comic book conventions working and running kid sections.
Since June 2020, Michael created GET IN TOON! LIVE which can be viewed live on his Facebook page here and YouTube page here every Tuesday night at 8:30pm Eastern. On GET IN TOON! LIVE Michael interviews artists, writers, and other creative people that work in the cartoon world. Like and follow him on his social media sites for updates.
No matter what Michael does cartooning is always in the forefront. When he is not working Michael loves to spend time with his wife and cat in their Westchester home.Less than a week after launching its new Surface Pro tablet last month, Microsoft found itself dealing with complaints from new owners, who had found that the device was suffering from bouts of narcolepsy.
Numerous users on Reddit and the Microsoft Community forums said that their Surface Pro devices were spontaneously going to sleep or 'hibernate' mode, despite having plenty of battery life left, and in some cases, while still plugged into the mains. Some users said that the issue had caused them to lose some of their work when it happened - not ideal for a device that Microsoft touts as a productivity booster.
The good news is that Microsoft has apparently found the cause of the problem, as company employee 'BrianH' posted on the Community forum thread on Monday:
7/10 Update: Wanted to provide a quick update, we believe we have identified the issue, and are currently testing a fix that will be delivered via Windows Update.
In a further post today, he added:
7/12 Update: Just wanted to provide additional information that this fix was not included in the 7/11 Windows update, as testing still continues. I will update this posting when the update is available, also the Surface Pro Update History page will also be updated with the details when it launches.
The bad news, then, is that Microsoft doesn't yet have a fix ready to roll for the Surface Pro's sleep disorder - but it's clearly making progress on that front. There's hope, therefore, that Microsoft will fix the problem far more quickly than the months it took to resolve the sleep issues on the Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 after their launch in 2015.
Source: Microsoft Community
19 Comments - Add comment
AdvertisementTHREE lifeguards in West Cork are each facing a three-hour daily commute because they can’t find accommodation in West Cork.
One lifeguard, a 21-year-old student, said that landlords don’t seem to want students because everything they have been offered has either been long-term or a holiday lease.
‘We have been offered places for two weeks at very high prices because that’s the way it is going – there are just so many people wanting to staycation in West Cork.
‘Then there are others who want to lease out their premises for a year and not the three months we need to do our jobs for the summer,’ she said.
Two areas that have been identified as particularly problematic are Clonakilty and Rosscarbery. The lifeguard said the reason for that is because staycationers are making a beeline for coastal towns. Work for the three women commenced on Saturday, June 5th and after working from 10.30am until 7pm, they drove back to the city.
‘That’s not sustainable. We won’t be able to keep doing that for the summer.
‘Two to three hours a day travelling, plus the cost of petrol doesn’t make sense financially,’ she added.
The only accommodation they are being offered is in shared accommodation, which is not ideal given the ongoing Covid restrictions.
‘Normally, after a bit of trial and error, we’d always find accommodation locally, but with staycations being so popular this year things are looking a bit doubtful at the moment,’ she said.
Ideally, they would like to find a place together so if there are any readers of The Southern Star who might know of a suitable place, they can contact them on 086 3846159.The Best Way To Brew Your Coffee That Could Help You Live Longer
Pretty much every study into coffee has found that it has some real benefits to your health.
But it turns out you've got to brew it the right way to make that happen.
A new 20-year-long study out of Sweden found that coffee is good for your health and can even help you live longer but only if you brew it with a filter.
If you use a French press, or drink unfiltered coffee, it leaves in chemicals that can raise your triglyceride and bad cholesterol levels.
CNN reports that is not good news for lovers of coffee made with the French press or cafetière, that is so popular today, or those fond of strong Greek and Turkish brewing methods. Boiling coffee or using a coffee press can actually increase your risk of heart disease.
The study also found those who drank one to four cups of filtered coffee per day had the lowest mortality rate.
The researchers found that filtered coffee was linked to a 15% lower risk of death, and between a 12% and 20% lower risk of death from heart disease.Hello Sweet Family & Friends!
Due to such high demand we unfortunately no longer have baked goods available for walk-in purchases. Please call us in advance to ask what we have in store OR we highly encourage you to place an order in advance so you don’t miss out on our daily baked desserts! ♡Benefits for the retail trade
Strategic communication of your sustainability activities strengthens the image of your company and improves customer loyalty. The Federal Ministry for the Environment and the German Environment Agency guarantee that the strict criteria for the Blue Angel are developed on a scientific basis and ensure that the ecolabel is only awarded after careful examination. Amongst the jungle of labels, seals and marks that exist today in everyday life, the Blue Angel provides reliable guidance for sustainable purchasing. It stands for independent, transparent and ambitious labelling.
The Blue Angel is available for individual collaborations in the areas of e.g.:
- Online and offline communication
- Graphics, templates, shared photos, video trailers
- The creation of content and information material
- Tailor-made campaigns
- Theme weeks
- POS communication
- Competitions
- Articles and interviews for the customer magazine
>.Round Board 3 mm
These cake boards are 3mm thick and sturdy. They make the perfect base to put under the tiers of your cake.
Made out of food-safe, recyclable cardboard.
Net content: 1 piece
Due to the manufacturer's choice, sizes may not be exactly as reported in centimetres. Therefore reference has to be made uniquely to the measurements in inches.
PriceFrom €0.60
VAT IncludedLittle Love C, Liberty Print Tana Lawn
£25.00 / metre
Description
Liberty Fabrics Little Love design is based on an archival scarf print dating from 1976 a geometric conversational design, organised into rows of tiny hearts arranged over a striped and spotted ground.
The.
Material: 100% Cotton
Weight: Tana Lawn is a light weight, delicate cotton that is perfect for dressmaking and heirloom quilting. 76gsm
Width: 136cm/133cm.₨700.00
300 Grams
For bulk orders get an exclusive discount. Contact us at 03180042600
Available on backorder
Made with the finest of peanuts from chakwal, natural raw honey from KPK, and high mineral pink salt from the khewra salt mines, our peanut butter is sure to wow your tastebuds with its creamy consistency. Use it in shakes, desserts, on bread, or as a dip with fruits and crackers!
Contains peanuts and honey. Manufactured in a facility that also makes cereals and almond butter.
Orders placed between 8th and 11th November will be dispatched on 13th November. DismissIntrathecal Immunoglobulin for treatment of adult patients with tetanus: A randomized controlled 2x2 factorial trial
Loan HT., Yen LM., Kestelyn: E., Hao NV., Thanh TT., Dung NTP., Turner HC., Geskus RB., Wolbers M., Tan LV., Van Doorn HR., Day NP., Wyncoll D., Hien TT., Thwaites GE., Vinh Chau NV., Thwaites CL.
<ns4:p>Despite long-standing availability of an effective vaccine, tetanus remains a significant problem in many countries. Outcome depends on access to mechanical ventilation and intensive care facilities and in settings where these are limited, mortality remains high. Administration of tetanus antitoxin by the intramuscular route is recommended treatment for tetanus, but as the tetanus toxin acts within the central nervous system, it has been suggested that intrathecal administration of antitoxin may be beneficial. Previous studies have indicated benefit, but with the exception of one small trial no blinded studies have been performed.</ns4:p><ns4:p> The objective of this study is to establish whether the addition of intrathecal tetanus antitoxin reduces the need for mechanical ventilation in patients with tetanus. Secondary objectives: to determine whether the addition of intrathecal tetanus antitoxin reduces autonomic nervous system dysfunction and length of hospital/ intensive care unit stay; whether the addition of intrathecal tetanus antitoxin in the treatment of tetanus is safe and cost-effective; to provide data to inform recommendation of human rather than equine antitoxin.</ns4:p><ns4:p> This study will enroll adult patients (≥16 years old) with tetanus admitted to the Hospital for Tropical Diseases, Ho Chi Minh City. The study is a 2x2 factorial blinded randomized controlled trial. Eligible patients will be randomized in a 1:1:1:1 manner to the four treatment arms (intrathecal treatment and human intramuscular treatment, intrathecal treatment and equine intramuscular treatment, sham procedure and human intramuscular treatment, sham procedure and equine intramuscular treatment). Primary outcome measure will be requirement for mechanical ventilation. Secondary outcome measures: duration of hospital/ intensive care unit stay, duration of mechanical ventilation, in-hospital and 240-day mortality and disability, new antibiotic prescription, incidence of ventilator associated pneumonia and autonomic nervous system dysfunction, total dose of benzodiazepines and pipecuronium, and incidence of adverse events.</ns4:p><ns4:p> <ns4:bold>Trial registration:</ns4:bold> ClinicalTrials.gov <ns4:ext-link xmlns:NCT02999815</ns4:ext-link></ns4:p><ns4:p> <ns4:bold>Registration date: </ns4:bold>21 December 2016</ns4:p>In Vino Veritas - The Enhancement of Taste
How do you get the most out of your wine? Decant it. Pouring your favorite vino into your stylish and practical decanter allows the wine to breathe which mellows the tannins and enhances the flavor. While a decanter may not be a necessary addition to your house, it will certainly be worth its price in enjoyment.
If you are enjoying a white wine you only need to decant for 15 minutes to get the most flavor out of your wine while a full bodied red will be best after at least an hour, but up to 3 hours will unlock its delicacies even more. Decanting your wine will also help with your pairings because the wine has time to breathe which brings out more of the depth of flavor in the wine and, in turn, allows the blending of the flavors of wine and food to dance upon the pallet in perfect sync.
Are you prepared to bring your wine to the next level? Then you need a decanter which can be both functional and beautiful. Imagine having a dinner party and you have the delicious wine breathing in your dazzling decanter sitting on the table. Your friends, whom you are pleased to elevate with your knowledge, ask about the lovely container and you are able to give them the detailed reason of why you are decanting your wine.
Impress your friends with your beautiful decanter and your knowledge of the finer points of wine. Your Ravenscroft Crystal decanter you received as a free gift when you purchased your wine cooler, wine racks, or cellar cooling system from winecoolerexpo.com is definitely a conversation starter and showpiece you can be proud of!Clear and Simple Way to Develop Haunt Actor Characters - Haunt Matrix
A Clear And Simple Way To Help Haunt Actors Develop Characters Fast!
Ben Armstrong - NETHERWORLD Haunted House.
.
.
!.
>On Twitter, the other day, Noah Smith (@Noahpinion) argued the mere fact my model shows the income elasticity of health expenditure is greater than one implies these higher-income regimes are “starving themselves to death” to pay for healthcare.
Noah does not seem to appreciate that (1) my independent variable, income, is measured in real terms and (2) the relative price of expenditures changes systematically with incomes. Real income levels are overwhelmingly determined by productivity. As incomes rise, it generally takes less input to obtain the same quality-adjusted quantity. It is quite possible to allocate less input (especially human resources) to a given expenditure category and, simultaneously, to consume a larger quantity of that category per capita. The rise in productivity leaves room to increase real consumption.
Above and beyond the real income growth (i.e., the decline in average prices relative to nominal income levels), prices move relative to each other. Relative prices are systematically related to real income levels (spatially and temporally). Some prices rise relative to other prices due in large part to inherent differences in potential productivity growth and their exposure to the domestic labor costs.
Relative prices are clearly very much related to income growth, but relative prices are nonetheless an important partial conceptual explanation for the changing consumption share. Broad price indices are useful statistical tools, however, they hide significant systematic differences in underlying prices that are necessary to understand differences in material living conditions over time and between countries.
Food shares have collapsed….
It is amusing that Noah argued starvation because one of the most well-known examples of changing consumption shares is Engel’s Law: the share of income spent on food declines rapidly as incomes rise. If one simply assumes away corresponding productivity growth and extrapolates the trend out far in the future it implies we won’t spend “enough” on food.
We can see the declining food share over the past several decades in the United States (a particularly rich country).
Food and beverages went from ~43% of consumption expenditures in 1900, to ~25% in 1950, to ~6% in 2018. Though this is a massive change in percentage terms, no one can seriously believe we are consuming lower quantities of food than previous generations.1 Likewise, in international cross-section (ICP 2011).
Given the low-income elasticity of demand for food (quantities) and the substantial increases in agricultural productivity, some decline should be expected. It wasn’t that many generations ago when the vast majority of people worked in food production (agriculture).
Food productivity has improved quite rapidly in the United States and other high-income countries. It takes substantially fewer man-hours to obtain the same amount of food than it did even a few decades ago. So far as I’m aware, there is not much reason to believe this productivity growth is apt to slow down appreciably.
Real food consumption obviously continues to increase!
Real food consumption per capita has clearly increased significantly within our lifetimes. To put this in terms of income elasticities, a 1% increase in disposable income predicts a ~.24% increase in real food consumption2. Perhaps Noah would have preferred us to have trebled real food consumption per person since the 1950s to better align with real income growth, but a ~50% increase hardly seems unreasonably low under the circumstances.
We observe very similar patterns cross-sectionally! For example, even amongst relatively high-income countries (OECD), we find the consumption share spent on food falls quite rapidly.
I guess Noah believes we are actually eating a lot less food than our counterparts in other countries because the share of income spent on food is obviously much lower. (Has he met Americans?) This, of course, would be to neglect the role of the denominator (income) and relative prices. Both have much to say when it comes to “predicting” what a given expenditure share means in real terms.
A 1% increase in income may appear to predict a ~0.16% decline in food consumption cross-sectionally, i.e., when adjusted by PPPs for overall consumption (AIC), but the relative price of food falls even faster than the average price of our consumption basket (~0.45%), which means that actual implied quantities consumed per capita increase by ~.28%. This coefficient on implied quantity per capita is pretty damn close to what have observed in the US time series.
Goods versus Services
Similar patterns play out in other consumption categories. We can quickly if imperfectly, summarize these patterns by comparing the aggregates for total goods and total services.
Note that while total services expenditures increase twice as fast as total goods in nominal terms (shares), the relative price of services rises while the relative price of goods falls so that the implied real consumption per capita in goods rises significantly faster than that for services. While these categories don’t perfectly map to individual consumption and don’t map perfectly to goods and services in practice (some “services” look a lot more like “goods” and vice versa as far as labor inputs are concerned), they are nonetheless reasonably indicative.
To put a finer point on this:
These cross-sectional results are generally consistent with what we observe in the US time series and with the theory of cost disease (Baumol’s effect). The belief in the existence of cost-disease is hardly some fringe opinion. A clear majority of experts (economists) agree.
It is important to note that all this really requires to be directionally accurate is for prevailing wages to rise in real terms (i.e., not just in the few highly productive sectors) and for productivity gains in services to substantially lag goods. Adding international trade into the mix makes these patterns even likelier because real wages are generally much lower in lower-income countries, and we can (and do) trade goods (computers, cars, agricultural products, etc) much more readily than services (health, education, childcare, restaurant service, etc).
Again, this cost disease bit is entirely about the relative movement of some prices (generally “goods”) relative to other prices (generally “services”). Although Noah still seems to be laboring under the misperception that health prices have risen faster than income and that this explains the rising health share, all of the reliable time series and cross-sectional price indices for broad health expenditures indicate that health prices have not kept up with income growth in the long run. The rising relative price of healthcare may imply our expenditures go a little less far (quantities) than adjustment for average price levels would suggest, but real health consumption (quantities) growth clearly exceeds real income growth in the long run.
Even if nursing wages had merely tracked with the national average3, it would still be the case that an hour of a nurses time can buy much real more goods today (cars, microprocessors, food, etc) than in the 1950s and that this rate of increase is faster than plausible productivity growth in nursing would allow her to provide additional units of care. The apparent opportunity cost to buy services domestically generally rises because compensation generally rises in real terms.
Rising health share correlates with higher real consumption of everything
Countries that spend a larger share of their incomes on healthcare also consume substantially more on all other categories even though the rising health share necessarily means the shares of the remaining expenditure categories must fall on aggregate. This is obvious if one so much as glances at the higher level aggregates in the OECD.
Likewise, in the available moderately granular categories.
Although this is not strictly necessary to explain how countries can spend larger shares on healthcare and still consume more of everything else, some of these categories are actually inversely associated with their own declining consumption shares.
Surely it can’t be that hard to understand how if a country is able to spend much less on food, consumer goods, and the like, yet still has more to show for it in real terms, this would free up resources to be spent on higher-order wants like subjectively better education and healthcare (How many more doodads do we really need?). This doesn’t necessarily work out for all individual items because some consumption categories actually increase as a share of income (superior goods) and because that there is some modest idiosyncratic component to prices4, but it doesn’t need to at the individual level. It works out on aggregate.
All that’s really necessary to explain this….
All that’s really necessary to understand how countries can spend proportionally more on health and still consume more of everything else in real terms is that the price on these many and varied categories of consumption decline in relation to income faster than health expenditures increase in relation to income. It’s really just that simple.
In the cross-sectional perspective, if the quantities potentially purchasable with nominal per capita income increases faster than the health share of income increases, this implies these implicitly higher-income countries can still purchase more within that particular category in real terms.
Alternatively, if we subtract health spending first to determine potential consumption and find a slope greater than zero, this implies potential real consumption with the remaining income can increase in these categories despite larger allocations to healthcare.
The results are much the same when we examine specific categories.
The only direct exceptions to this in OECD’s data are education and, sort of, health (insofar as it’s one of the few major categories with potential consumption not sloping sharply upwards).
Of course, we’re not buying even more healthcare than we already are, but I included it for completeness. Education is a clear outlier, though both these collectively influence higher aggregates that are largely comprised of these expenditures.
While I have serious doubts about the interpretation of the education PPPs5, this does not seriously threaten the interpretation that rising health shares and rising living conditions are very much compatible, both in principle and in practice. The income remaining for expenditure elsewhere simply goes much further than it did previously even as the remaining share declines. The same share of income on healthcare also goes further according to these international (PPPs) and domestic price indices (PCEPI, CMS, and others) than it once did (education surely stands apart here).
Obviously, I am not arguing that higher health spending causes higher real potential consumption (falling prices or rising productivity elsewhere). Other things equal, shifting more income to health implies other things must fall, but everything is clearly not equal. Health shares are strongly correlated with real income levels and real income levels are strongly correlated with a general increase in productivity (prices fall relative to nominal incomes) and strongly correlated with relative prices between these categories. Indeed, though some people will complain about identification, I think causation (i.e., higher income-> higher health share) is pretty obvious and that it’s just about the only factor worth mentioning (demographic factors and population health barely rises above the noise floor, if at all).
This pattern also holds up in domestic time series
Using BEA Personal Consumption Expenditure (PCE) price indexes, we can compute potential consumption after adjustment for health spending as a function of the health share of disposable personal income (the domestic analog to adjusted household disposable income in SNA).
Far from trending towards “starvation“, we find that these are generally trending steadily upwards in the long run. Clearly, there is no necessary reason why rising health spending means we must starve. So long as the growth in the health share of income is lower than the rate at which prices are falling relative to nominal incomes on these other categories of expenditure, which is what we have actually observed historically and cross-sectionally, we can continue to consume more of these other things in real terms despite strong increases in the health share of income.
And, for what it’s worth, we find actual real consumption per capita (the consumption expenditures actually made adjusted by the category price level) has risen rapidly even as the health share of income has increased.
The static shares counterfactual is self-evidently ridiculous
Given massive increases in productivity in certain categories of consumption and finite demand, we should expect large changes in consumption shares across categories. We can obtain many of the basic necessities of life (and then some) because most of these prices have fallen rapidly relative to our income levels. Declining shares clearly does not mean falling real consumption in those categories; it’s more likely to mean relatively rapid declines in prices coupled with moderate demand elasticity.
I suspect many people understand this in the abstract, but for some reason seem to imagine we are at the end-stage of economic development wherein changes in income or differences between high-income countries are somehow inconsequential determinants of spending. In my opinion, this is very much consistent with the view that people, especially relatively affluent people, increasingly value other things more, so the fact that Americans consume substantially more across the board is downplayed. To a large degree, it reflects a lack of self-awareness (What is water, said the fish)
In a society where people shrug their shoulders at having more stuff and we can increasingly procure the same with less effort, is it really surprising we’d increasingly direct our resources to higher-order desires like better health, education, and so on, instead of allocating the same share to the same sort of expenditures as we did 25, 50, or 100 years prior? That house sizes, food consumption, or what have you does not track 1:1 with wealth (or more!) is precisely the point! We actually spend proportionally less on these things and still increase them moderately in real terms, leaving resources to be spent on other things that we value more.
Consider what the world would look like if countries did not re-allocate to reflect declining real prices (ultimately increasing productivity). Would we really expect rich countries like the United States to buy multiples more than countries of more moderate income levels across categories such as this?
Alternatively, consider the domestic picture: how could we reasonably expect spending shares not to change in the face of such rapid decreases in prices in other consumption categories? Why should we expect households to allocate the same share to, say, household appliances as we did in the 1970s even though the same expenditure share goes ~800% further today?
Some specific categories might increase proportionally despite falling relative prices, but our default assumption should be that household consumption decisions tend to reflect both overall (average) purchasing power and relative prices within and between categories (i.e., real shares as opposed to nominal shares). Theoretical arguments aside, the empirical data are clear: consumption shares change and are strongly associated with real income levels.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
If all estimated elasticities are presumed constant throughout the entire theoretical range, pretty much all estimates imply something impossible eventually or given some combination of arbitrary inputs. Obviously, this does not mean we cannot hope to meaningful describe relationships with estimates of this sort or that it is necessarily unreasonable to extrapolate models out even slightly beyond our observation set. This is simply a recognition of the fact that models don’t need to be perfect to be useful. More complicated models with more degrees of freedom are often even more unreasonable.
I am most emphatically not saying we’re likely to spend 100% of income on healthcare any time soon. I suspect the true relationship is non-linear and may resemble a sigmoid curve in the very long run. That is, the slope likely initially increases and then flattens out as health spending rises in the distant future.6
Noah seems to be under the impression that I need non-linearity to explain the United States, but I really don’t. The United States fits on a strong trend in current high-income country data. The need for such models only becomes readily apparent when the range is substantially larger7, as in, OECD panel data or cross-sectional data for the entire world, but then a lot of other high-income countries also tend to approach “outlier” status in direct proportion to their real income levels. The polynomial curve fit to these regions is potentially consistent with a sigmoid curve, we just lack the observations to fit the flattening part of the curve.
We are far from spending 100% on healthcare today.
If we project the current slope out, it implies we’ll have a real per capita incomes north of $300,000 by the time this happens.
To be clear, I believe the health share can and will go much higher throughout the developed world before we start to see any sign of this slope appreciably leveling off. So long as these other categories of consumption are still significant and likely to see comparatively rapid productivity improvements, the relatively heavily demanded, relatively low productivity growth areas like health and education are apt to claim increasingly large shares of income.
Consider how much expenditures of this sort have already changed.
I don’t see why the food and beverage share cannot fall to less than 1% in principle, likewise for several other key categories. Such income-linked declines do not imply starvation any more than the declines we have already
starved lived through in these areas resulted in “starvation” in the past. This simply implies we will be able to sate these wants in some distant future with effort equivalent to that which would be required to purchase the lint in my pocket today (and these fractional expenditures will likely still purchase lavish results by the standards of today).
No, I tend to think the reason why health might eventually flatten out significantly short of 100% is that health spending will ultimately be contending for incrementally larger shares of resources with other expenditure categories that won’t shrink because of some combination of relative prices (probably inherently lower productivity growth) and higher demand (income elasticity).
Even today, healthcare isn’t the only thing rising. Unless the productivity in these other categories skyrockets, with a corresponding decrease in expenditures to reflect lower prices, I wouldn’t expect these to substantially decline in the foreseeable future.
[note: the quantities picture is appreciably right-shifted on the whole]8
That said, as these historically higher productivity growth areas shrink to vanishingly small proportions of consumption and lower productivity areas tend to be the ones rising in proportion (not necessarily exclusively so), I suspect the cross-sectional slope on income will tend to increase even as the rate of annual growth decreases with at least an apparent slowing down in measured real income growth (even with continued productivity gains their effect on income is likely to moderate as income shares converge on zero).
Despite the increasing attention paid to health spending, the rate of increase in health spending has actually declined significantly in the United States.
Likewise in most other high-income countries (usually in line with their income growth).
If we reduce the entire economy to a two-sector model with high productivity growth (“goods”) and low productivity growth (“services”) where the high-productivity growth sector has combined demand elasticity significantly less than its rate of relative productivity growth (decline in relative prices), it shouldn’t be too difficult to understand how we can allocate ever-larger proportions of our income to these lower productivity growth areas while still expanding consumption at a fairly constant rate in the high productivity growth areas.
None of this requires the average price in the low productivity growth sector to rise faster than nominal incomes. Nor do we tend to find results consistent with this in wages, profits, and other proxies for (or presumed causes of) such issues in these sectors. On the contrary, the reliable statistics for healthcare (at least) shows prices have fallen relative to average nominal income and that most of the increase is therefore explained by rising real consumption (quantities per capita). These increases also parallel the growth in observable inputs in these sectors, such as the share of the workforce. Heroic assumptions must be made to explain such persistent patterns away.
Notes
(see below)
- On average! Some people may make poor choices (e.g., junk food) or consume less at home than prior generations, but the issues have little to do with affordability. On average, home cooks and grocery store shoppers are much better off than they were previously. Even though households spend much less on food as a proportion of their incomes, the expenditures they do make obviously go much further.
- This does not even include food purchased for consumption outside the home (e.g., restaurants, school meals, etc). Food outside the home has gone from ~0% a few generations ago to more than 50% of total food expenditures recently.
Although the service element to these meals implies a lower real amount of food per dollar spent, itself a strong indication of rising affluence, it nonetheless can be added to the total food conceptually.
It is also likely that Americans eat food outside the home much more often than our counterparts in most other OECD countries. One proxy for this is the falling amount of time spent cooking and cleaning up.
We can also see this in the PPP benchmark estimates for restaurants and hotels.
- Although this doesn’t explain much for healthcare writ large over the long run, it’s clearly true nursing wages increased faster than average wages in recent prior decades.
However, they started with low wages. This change is likely well explained by the changing skill mix in nursing (it’s more technically demanding than it once was) and the general increase in wages for women since the 50s and 60s as they entered the professional workforce.
Ultimately, more importantly, is that we have increased nursing and other healthcare worker density rapidly (and US density is much higher than most other high-income countries).
- Some countries may spend a bit more on a given component in conditional terms because of some idiosyncratic component to their relative prices or demand within that category.
- I believe the OECD PPPs are pretty sensible and reasonably reliable, but, I have doubts about education PPPs (similar issues exist for domestic price indices!). To a first approximation, they price education by the number of student-seat-hours and use test scores (PISA) as a quality adjustment. I actually agree that scores measure something very important, but test scores are substantially endogenous and the real inputs (e.g., smaller class sizes, more counselors, accommodations for the disabled, better amenities, etc) have at best negligible influences on them (not much does at the margins high-income countries are at today!). The high real inputs high-income countries allocate per pupil are near-impossible to justify based on their effects on test scores, and the cross-sectional PPPs they compute are consistent with this notion (no obvious correlation with quantity, probably less with adjustment for student density).
However, it’s also pretty clear that actual existing people value other things besides test scores. Like it or not, rich countries are to some extent buying more accommodating atmospheres and consumptive experiences for their students (especially in higher ed). That is clearly not being accounted for here. I question the utility of a price index that bears little resemblance to what parents, students, voters, and the like so obviously want.
I’m not necessarily saying I want our schools to spend more money than they already do (I don’t). I believe there are useful conversations that could be had around affordability and associated tradeoffs, but if we priced the consumptive aspects of education like we price, say, hotels or restaurants, I’d bet we’d see significant growth in the implied quantities with rising income levels. In other words, real incomes are likely rising somewhat faster than published estimates of the real rate because the education quantity index rises less than it probably should (my two cents).
- We can observe something broadly consistent with the initial upward sloping part of the S-curve, but flattening of the curve part we can only make speculate about, even if informed by theory (which may not be correct).
- This isn’t to say the latent slope isn’t continuously increasing over the range observed in recent high-income cross-sections, but when the true curvature is subtle over the range it takes a lot of more data points to reliably detect this!
Although some quantities don’t rise as fast as expenditures (services), no major category is actually falling in real terms.
thank you for your service
Wow, this is a remarkable (and polite) response to a pretty major (and glib) lack of comprehension. I’m glad that Twitter person misunderstood your point so completely, so I could benefit from this excellent layman’s explanation. Thank you.
Throwing a brick at the fly on the window is always a sound strategy, but choosing a brick of plutonium has undeniable élan — sometimes, you need to be sure.
RCA, thanks much for your posts and analysis. It takes a long time to write them, and an even longer time for me to completely internalise your points and conclusions.
However, if you see many of the posts or “rebuttals” to your claim it’s mostly cherry-picked cases (comparing individual treatment costs within, and outside US), or examples of subsections of population that are suffering from rising health care costs that are seemingly at odds with their income increases.
Most of your analysis that I can recall are to do with averages (sorry if I missed it), and not different subsections of the population, some of whom might not be able to afford world-class health care. The averages do tell an important story, but as an individual, it is far from a satisfactory explanation and it’s hard to relate to for many.
A case in point: if the rich see an exponential increase in income, and are willing to spend more on health care, then the averages might be skewed heavily towards the rich. I see this post (), and I am still reading through it, but most of the points seemed to be cross-country comparisons than within-country comparisons.
Could you point me to some of your analysis where you discuss a breakdown of healthcare expenditure as a function of their disposable income for some suitable subsections of population? Ethnicity wise, age wise, state wise, income-class wise, etc.? The other question is also whether there’s a feedback effect, that’s preventing (sections of) people from spending and, well, living in a poorer state of health. If such feedback effects exist, they may not show up in the data, would they? Some analysis on this front (or pointers to posts if you’ve already done them) would be quite useful.
Thank you.
In my opinion, the average is the best unit of analysis for this because that is the best indication of social capacity to pay. It’s also just about the only way to make direct comparisons between countries currently. When people talk about the cost of US healthcare, they’re invariably comparing averages (per capita or % of GDP).
One thing to keep in mind is that the costs are heavily socialized (dispersed) throughout the developed world, whether through taxes or insurance premiums (the expected benefits to be paid on behalf of specific covered individuals are rarely well reflected in the premiums paid on their behalf). Health spending is also obviously highly concentrated. A small fraction of the population (the sick) accounts for almost all health spending in any given year (they’re clearly not paying for more than a small fraction of their costs). Some people seem to think this is unique to the United States, but the best available evidence and (IMO) common sense suggests this a common feature of healthcare systems in the developed world.
Likewise, the evidence suggests there is little to no relationship to individual income. On average, the rich don’t consume appreciably more than poor. Indeed, the evidence tends to suggest it’s somewhat the other way around, but the effects are fairly modest in the scheme of things in any event.
I would agree with the overall statement, but not the premise that “the average is the best unit of analysis.” It’s often hard for an individual to empathise with the society at large, at the end of the day they each one has to meet their ends meet and pay for healthcare.
That’s a fair point about lack of data across countries to make more comparisons.
That’s interesting and partly answers the question I had earlier. The graph I had in mind (we could discuss whether it would be useful or not) is this: take the first plot in [1, under heading “Six”], and for each decile capture the healthcare expenses as a fraction of their household disposable income.
My hypothesis: The pain point here is that for lower income deciles, the net healthcare expenses (premiums + deductible + copay + out-of-pocket expenses) would be a much higher fraction of their total disposable income.
The hard question is the healthcare the poor are missing out (and hence might not show up in data) because they will be unable to pay for it. The point that advocates of universal healthcare might be making is this: people in every income decile (in the graph I referenced above) have access to the same healthcare at the same (free) cost. (But paid for proportionally through taxes.)
Whether the rich pay more to get better, faster service can be considered separately.
[1]
Hi @rcafdm,
It seems like a point in this post () and this article linked from the above post () both confirm the hypothesis above. Would the interpretation be correct?
Another thing I’ll add is that US out of pocket costs are probably a little lower than the OECD average as a share of expenditures and that they broadly track with our (mean) income levels.
Also, higher income people pay for somewhat more of their healthcare out of pocket than lower income groups (likely explained mostly by the payer mix–higher % of public plans for lower income and, amongst those with private plans, likely skews towards somewhat lower deductibles, copays, etc)Naifeh seems like he’s forecasting quite a bit of what’s to come in Princess Ugg, which is fine. The comic has seemed somewhat listless and wandering, but this issue has Naifeh not just giving readers an idea of the situation beyond Ülga’s school, he also gives her a real supporting cast.
Her fellow princesses finally stick up for Ülga against the evil princess, who’s revealed not just to be an evil in a Mean Girls way, but actually evil. Naifeh gets in all the information he hasn’t been giving the previous issues in a few sentences here. Combined with a transcendent surprise sequence, it’s probably the best issue of the comic, if not the most entertaining.
The characters are getting far more complex, with Naifeh still able to fit in crowd-pleasing moments. Ugg has had its bumps, but Naifeh’s more successful turns more than make up for rough patches.
CREDITS
Writer and artist, Ted Naifeh; colorists, Warren Wucinich and Naifeh; letterer, Wucinich; editors, Robin Herrera and Jill Beaton; publisher, Oni Press.
One Comment
I bawled all the way through her song. snif…Below are the 89 trade union bodies currently participating in TUED, including 4 Global Union Federations, 3 regional organizations, and 10 national centers. There are also 11 allied policy, academic and advocacy organizations.
Unions currently participating in TUED represent workers in 26 countries and regions: Argentina, Australia, the Basque Country, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Greece, India, Italy, Korea, Malawi, Mexico, Nepal, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, the Philippines, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Trinidad and Tobago, Uganda, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Four global union federations are participating, representing educators, food workers, the transport sector and public services.
National centers representing workers in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Italy, Nepal, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Scotland and South Africa are involved.
Please get in touch if you need more information or would like to discuss how to get involved: unionsforenergydemocracy@gmail.org
Participating Unions
Allies
Description
Walbro 460 lph High Pressure Unleaded & E85 in tank Fuel Pump. Comes with installation kit including fuel pump, wire harness, and pickup filter as pictured. Genuine locally delivered fuel pump, sourced directly from the Australian distributor for Walbro / TI Automotive and complete with hologram for authenticity.
These high flow & pressure fuel pumps feature an impeller with two parallel rows of turbine blades feeding two high-pressure pumping channels. This modern design results in very low noise and current draw, and efficiency that’s 20 percent greater than conventional fuel pumps like your standard Bosch 044 or 023 (also available in our other listings).
The Walbro 460 lph fuel pump flows over 600hp and is ideal for high power boosted applications running E85/Ethanol, or anywhere a Walbro 255 fuel pump won’t flow enough. If you are under 500hp, see our other items for the Walbro GSS341 / GSS342 255 lph pumps. This pump is the same as a regular 460 apart from its pressure relief valve which has a higher release pressure, allowing for high boost (>30psi) setups which require extremely high fuel pressure.
Suits the following vehicles (along with many others) with minor cradle mods:
- BA, BF, FG, FG X Falcon & XR6 Turbo
- VT, VX, VY, VZ, VE, VF Commodore
- Subaru WRX
- Nissan Skyline, Silvia, 180sx
- and many more.
Specifications
- Common names: Walbro 450 High Pressure, TIA485-2, GST-450, Walbro 465, 400E
- Flow rate: 415lph @ 13.5v (3 bar)
- E85 Compatible: Yes
- Max current draw: 22A (15A average)
- Body Diameter: 39mm / 50mm
- Length: 131mm
- Fuel Outlet Diameter: 11mm OD (10.8 – 9.1mm)
- Pressure Relief: 112psi (see other items for 87psi regular pressure version)
- Check Valve: Yes (Inbuilt)274
Also known as: EFP-452
Luke (verified owner) –
Killer pump for an all rounder covers good power levels even on e85The Oscars & Revolutionary Love
This February, IMAN closed out Black History Month with a special private screening of the powerful film “Judas and the Black Messiah”, about the life and assasination of Fred Hampton, chairman of the Black Panther Party in 1969. We were honored to be joined by none other than the son of Fred Hampton, and now also Chairman of the Black Panther Party, Fred Hampton, Jr.Meet the TLC Team
Jenny Domiano, MOT, LOTR
-Founder & Owner
-Occupational Therapist
Jenny graduated from Stephen F. Austin State University with a bachelor's degree in Rehabilitation Services. She then went on to earn her Master's degree from Texas Woman's University in Houston. Jenny has worked as an occupational therapist for 22 years in a variety of practice areas including mental health, brain injury rehabilitation, ergonomics, and pediatrics, where she has truly found her calling. She has worked extensively with children at Children's Hospital, as an Early Steps provider, in schools, and at our outpatient clinic. Her pediatric specialties include feeding, sensory processing, handwriting, and behavior modification. Jenny is a mom of two daughters and is committed to working with families to make therapy both enjoyable and meaningful for the whole family.
Megan Raymond, MOT, LOTR
-Therapy Manager
-Occupational Therapist
Megan began her journey at TLC in February of 2017. She their functional independence. She has taken continuing education to treat for sensory feeding, torticollis, visual motor difficulties, and uses the Handwriting Without Tears protocol. Megan believes in communicating with families and teachers to facilitate a team based collaboration. Megan works full time for TLC treating clients individually and managing the TLC therapists schedules, staffing, and assisting with any problems that arise. She loves spending time with her husband, Alex, daughter, Julia, and dog, Rocky, in addition to traveling, and trying new recipes.
Amanda H. Duhe, MOT, LOTR
-Program Director
-Occupational Therapist
Amanda began her journey at TLC in April of 2018. She. Amanda works full time treating clients individually and handles all coordinations of our programs. In her free time, Amanda enjoys spending time with her family and her sweet puppy!
Kiana Kiyohara, MOT, LOTR
Occupational Therapist
Kiana began her journey at TLC in Spring of 2019. She graduated from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) with a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology. She then earned her Master’s in Occupational Therapy at the University of Southern California (USC) in 2018.. Kiana treats for TLC full time between our Metairie clinic and the school system with individual clients and groups.
Miller Killgore, MOT, LOTR
Occupational Therapist
Miller began her journey at TLC in September of 2020. She. Miller treats full time for TLC between individual sessions and groups at both Metairie and Elmwood clinics, in addition to working with our Building Blocks program and treats at one of our contracted acute pediatric daycares. In her free time, Miller enjoys spending time with her family and friends, reading, and being outdoors.
Mia Piazza, MOT, LOTR
Occupational Therapist
Mia began her journey at TLC in Spring of 2021. She graduated from the University of Louisiana at Monroe with a bachelor's degree in Health Studies and a minor in Psychology. She then earned her Master's in Occupational Therapy from the University of St. Augustine in December 2020. Her fieldwork experiences ranged from an inpatient rehabilitation center to a specialty ALS clinic, both of which allowed her to work with a diverse set of patients across the lifespan. From a young age, Mia volunteered in groups that allowed her to connect deeply with children with disabilities. Her experiences volunteering for organizations like Brooks Adaptive Sports and Surfers with Autism sparked her desire to foster greater inclusivity in her community and any work setting she enters. She looks forward to starting a career in pediatrics and strives to be a lifelong learner in occupational therapy. Mia treats full time between our Building Blocks program, school system, and individual clients and groups at our Metairie clinic. In her free time, she enjoys spending quality time with her family and friends, traveling, and trying new restaurants.
Alex Grandonico, OTD, LOTR
Occupational Therapist
Alex began her journey with TLC in Summer of 2021. She received her bachelors degree in exercise science at the University of Southern Mississippi. She went on to earn her doctorate of occupational therapy degree at the University of Mississippi Medical Center. Originally from Ocean Springs, MS, she was thrilled to begin her professional career in New Orleans. Alex entered occupational therapy school knowing she wanted to work in pediatrics after completing a pediatric occupational therapy capstone while attending USM. After completing her first fieldwork rotation at TLC, she was ecstatic about the opportunity to begin her career and continue to learn from such amazing therapists! Alex believes in making therapy as fun as possible while also incorporating evidence-based practice into each treatment session. She loves working closely with families to ensure that every child is reaching their full potential. Alex works part time between the school system and treating individual clients and groups between our Metairie and Elmwood clinics. In her free time, Alex enjoys spending time with friends and family, exercising, traveling to the beach, and going to concerts.
Jane Perrin Mayer, OTD, LOT
Occupational Therapist
Jane Perrin Mayer began her journey at TLC in September of 2021. She received her bachelor’s degree in Exercise Science at Gardner-Webb University while she was a member of the D1 soccer program. She then earned her doctoral degree in Occupational Therapy from the University of Mississippi Medical Center. Jane Perrin completed her fieldwork at an outpatient Pediatric Clinic and her capstone at St. Andrew’s Episcopal Lower School in Jackson, MS. Growing up, Jane Perrin enjoyed working with children by leading summer camps, teaching swim team, and babysitting. Jane Perrin loves building relationships with families and believes in the importance of family-centered care. She finds fulfillment in guiding children to reach their full potential and success in everyday activities. Jane Perrin treats part time between the school system and individual clients/groups at both Metairie and Elmwood clinics. In her free time, she enjoys hanging out with friends/family, exercising, traveling, and trying new restaurants.
Danielle Hofman, PT
Physical Therapist
Danielle began her journey with TLC in Spring of 2021. She was born and raised in New Orleans. She is a graduate of Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center and has been a practicing pediatric physical therapist in the Baton Rouge area for over 25 years. She has worked in a variety of settings including out-patient, NICU, Early Steps and the school system. She has experience with a wide variety of diagnoses such as developmental delay, torticollis, cerebral palsy, spina bifida, muscular dystrophy, low muscle tone, autism spectrum disorder, toe- walking, balance and coordination disorders and numerous neurological and orthopedic conditions. She is NDT trained and is certified in infant massage. She treats part time between our Metairie and Elmwood clinics. Danielle’s husband was recently transferred to New Orleans and Danielle is happy to have returned home! They have 4 grown children (all in college) and are enjoying their new empty nest in “The Big Easy!”
Sydnie Cole, PT, DPT
Physical Therapist
Sydnie began her journey with TLC in August of 2021. She graduated from Louisiana State University-Baton Rouge with a bachelor’s degree in Kinesiology. She then earned her doctorate in physical therapy at the University of South Alabama in Mobile, Alabama. She has worked in outpatient pediatric clinics in Baton Rouge and New Orleans as well as EarlySteps early intervention in both cities. She has extensive experience with children ages 0–18 years with a wide variety of diagnoses. She loves working with children and their families to provide the most optimal outcome possible. She uses evidence-based interventions and protocols to guide treatment plans to help reach the goals of each individual child and their family. Sydnie treats part time between the school system and sees individual clients at both Metairie and Elmwood clinics. She loves spending time with her husband, their two small children, and friends on the weekends.SCHEDULE
Welcome to Padre Pio Academy,
Our day will begin with 8:30am Mass (optional) and students may arrive at the Academy after Mass. On occasion, we will attend Mass as a school. Parents will always be informed of school Mass days.
Lower School Schedule
9:20am Morning Subjects
12:00pm Lunch/Recess
12:30pm Afternoon Subjects
1:20pm Dismissal
Middle School Schedule
9:20am Class in Session
10:15am Mathematics
11:05am Class in Session
11:30pm Lunch/Recess
12:00pm Class in Session
1:20pm Dismissal
High School Schedule
9:20-10:10am 1st Period
10:15-11:05am 2nd Period
11:10-12:00pm 3rd Period
12:00-12:30pm Lunch/Recess
12:30-1:20pm 4th Period
1:25-2:15pm 5th Period
2:20-3:10pm 6th Period
3:15-4:05pm 7th Period
LUNCH POLICIES
Students should come to school each day with a healthy lunch and drink following our peanut free policy. Approximately one half hour is allotted each day for lunch and recess. For safety reasons, containers and bottles brought to school should not be made of glass.
If you would like your child to eat the lunch you have provided for them, please make it clear to your child that they should not trade lunches with other students. Students will not have use of kitchen facilities (microwave, refrigerator) so please keep this in mind when you are packing your child's lunch.
* non-breakable water bottles are permitted during class time
PEANUT FREE POLICY
Students are asked to bring lunches and snacks free of peanuts and products that may contain peanuts, such as donuts, granola bars, etc. We ask you to read food labels, checking for peanut ingredients prior to sending food to school. This is a life saving measure.
Arrival Procedures
Lower School
A parent must escort their Lower School child (grades K-4) to their classroom beginning after morning Mass, no earlier than 9:10am. Please make sure a teacher is present before leaving your child.
Middle School/High School
Middle and High School students (grades 5-12) may enter Father Ruehl Hall unescorted. Middle School students (grades 5-8) should report to their classes upon arrival. High School students should immediately sign in at the director's desk upon arrival.
Dismissal Procedures
Lower School
Lower School dismisses from Padre Pio Hall at 1:30pm. Be sure to arrive on time for dismissal. All children will be dismissed from the back door of Padre Pio Hall. No children may leave from the front door. Students will be picked up at the back door of PPH. Teachers will release each student to their designated parent or approved ride.
Middle School/High School
Middle school students with siblings in Padre Pio Hall will be accompanied by a teacher to PPH at dismissal to be picked up there. Middle School students who do not have siblings in PPH are to be picked up outside of the church at the turnaround on Luray Ave.
High school students are dismissed after their last class. High school students should be picked up no more than 10 minutes after their last class outside of the church at the turnaround on Luray Ave.Compete.com Capitalizes on Discount Codes and Limited Time OffersBy Subscription Insider - May 31, 2012Best Practice and How ToBusiness Media and PublishingData and IoTNewsPaywallSaaS and Cloud ServicesSubscriber AcquisitionLinkedin Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest WhatsApp ReddIt Tumblr Telegram Mix Digg Viber What's better than a limited-time offer? One with a discount code! See how Compete executed this idea in this email offer.Hello! If you are a paying Subscription Insider Member, please log in below to continue reading. Otherwise, click subscribe below to enjoy access to all of our premium content.SubscribeSubscription?The Miss Intercontinental 2017 coronation night may still be on January 25, but Philippines' representative Katarina Rodriguez is already slaying.
Yesterday, January 19, Katarina posted on her Instagram account a photo of her wearing her national costume. The intricate Filipiniana was designed by Francis Libiran.
Katarina captioned the photo: "National costume shooting, and of course @francislibiran has awed us all once more with this gorgeous Filipiniana. His national costume designs are always my favorite. Thank you for this, Francis."
Francis also designed the gown that Miss World 2013 Megan Young wore during her coronation in Bali, Indonesia.
Today, January 20, Katarina released on Instagram a video of her for the pageant. The clip was shot at Sunrise Resorts and Cruises in Egypt, where the coronation night will be.
Good luck, Katarina!My Administration is committed to creating an unprecedented level of openness in Government. We will work together to ensure the public trust and establish a system of transparency, public participation, and collaboration. Openness will strengthen our democracy and promote efficiency and effectiveness in Government
President Obama also said yesterday, “Transparency and rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency.” His first executive order is a decisive step forward toward both, and a breath of fresh air after eight years of presidential arrogance..
What happened? Is it naive to think Mr Obama really believed this stuff? I’ll admit, with some embarrassment, that I’d thought he did believe it. But this “commitment” has been so thoroughly forsaken one is forced to consider whether it was ever sincere.!- This event has passed.
March 21, 2019 @ 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm$20
Event Navigation
The Discovery Exploration and Astronomical Research Program is looking for brave astronauts who are willing to try and escape our spacecraft before an oncoming CME (Coronal Mass Ejection) hits. In this escape room, 1-8 participants will attempt several puzzles to locate specific scientific research and coordinates before the time runs out.
No prior space knowledge needed.
Please arrive 15 minutes prior to your booking for mission briefing!
For more information, call 203-372-3521 x114 or email tropp@discoverymuseum.org.Itamar Katz Graphic Designer Itamar Katz Graphic Design "Itamar Katz Graphic Designer" "Itamar Katz Graphic Design"
How to Bullsh*t Your Way to Number 1
X
Books / Self Help, 2019
Autobiographical self-help book written by journalist Oobah Butler.
USA Today's
#1 best-seller in humor and the
Los Angeles Times
'
#8 best-seller in summer 2019.
Full interior layout design and typography by Itamar Katz.
Out of gallery
Out of gallery
Out of gallery
Out of gallery
Out of galleryCHEAT SHEET
TOP 10 RIGHT NOW
Mahmud Hams, AFP / Getty Images
Read it at BBC.”Huntsville Depot - July 14, 2012
Post date: Jul 16, 2012 10:11:13 PM
The Tennessee Valley LEGO Club celebrated their 5th anniversary at the Huntsville Depot in style! If there was a theme, it was variety. In addition to the town and train layout everyone has come to associate with our club, this year also saw an explosion of MOCs including some impressive ones from the Rocket City Jr. LEGO Club, the debut of a Great Ball Contraption and a LEGO themed stop motion animation room and workshop. Special thanks as well to Stefan from the Birmingham LBR store for representing the LEGO Group all day!
To compliment the impressive display, we also drew a record crowd thanks in no small part to Jennifer's hard work promoting the event. The unofficial count when we left was 545, blowing out our previous best of around 360 in 2010!
The Huntsville Times was on site to cover the event. Click here for their story. Annisa Graham with examiner.com also produced a great write-up.
Pete debuts a section of downtown Huntsville
Not to be outdone, Jennifer responds with an urban explosion of her own!
Chris, and his rapidly expanding presence
Adam and Samantha presented their first full table!
It wouldn't be a show without Charles' table of monorail insanity. He anchored the MOC section this time and even dusted off some vintage 12V trains.
Speaking of MOCs, our newest junior member, Jared, presented this amazing WWII scene called "The Battle for St Lo."
Alex from the Rocket City Jr. LEGO Club presented this impressive Ninjago display.
Nathan, also from the Rocket City Jr. LEGO club, displayed a LEGO version of "The Hunger Games."
Our resident train master, Trey, setting up the expanded train yard.
A couple of views down into the Big Spring park.
A closer look at the gorgeous high rise buildings Jennifer created, with detailed interiors!
Huntsville's Municipal building in LEGO form.
Jennifer also has some excellent photos on her Flickr account.
Here's a time-lapse of the day's activities from setup to teardown.
Curt also took some video of setup and teardown:
If you've got any pictures of the other MOCs, Great Ball Contraption or the Stop Motion Animation workshop, please send them our way!Closed petition Make it compulsory for all cyclists to wear cycle helmets on Jersey's roads
Presently the law requires under 14s to wear helmets when riding a bike in Jersey but makes it optional for others, including older children. Cycling is a popular sport and recreational activity locally and we should be promoting not own road safety but setting an example for the younger generation.
More details
In 2016, a study of over 65,000 cases found compelling evidence that wearing a cycle helmet reduces risk of serious head injury by almost 70% and fatal head injury by 65, with further study, as recent as 2019, suggesting that there is a significant correlation between use of cycle helmets and reduction in adjusted mortality and morbidity associated with TBI and facial injury. Jersey’s roads are unique, and last year there were over 100 reported RTCs a month, with serous and fatal collisions higher per capita than mainland UK.
This petition is closed All petitions run for 6 months
543 signatures
1,000ESCMID eLibrary
Search results
Icon explanation
Icon explanation
Found 2 results
P1524
Reactive Oxygen (RO) antimicrobial treatment in clinical use - a novel therapeutic agent
23 April 2018
Session: Exploring antibacterial activity with the help of pharmacology
R415
Lyme borreliosis in the UK and a case for an alternative name for chronic symptoms associated with tick bite
10 May 2014
Session: Public Health: Emerging infectious diseases
Search narrowed by
Topics
Type of material
Time periodClick here for farm re-opening guidelines and to book your visit.
What’s at the farm?
From the paddocks to the pens, we’ve got plenty of happy residents at the farm! All the way from our largest residents, Meg and Brie the cows, right down to the smallest of chicks, our livestock and small pets receive the best care and attention from our dedicated and experienced livestock team. We house around 120-150 animals on our 5 acre site, and you can read more about the various types we keep by clicking the links below!
Animal Sponsorship
You might have come to visit and fallen in love with cheeky Barry up in the goat field, or maybe our family of rabbits have won you over, or perhaps you know someone who just really, really like ducks! We have Animal Sponsorship packages available for most of our animals, which vary in price from £20-£30!
You can find out more and about and purchase our Animal Sponsorship packages online here. As well as the website, you can also find out more about our enquire with staff at the farm or by calling on 020 8543 5300 (though please be aware, there is no dedicated staff covering the phone so if you leave a message and contact details we’ll aim to call you back!).Jan 20, 2011 12:11:22 PM
- easy_rider911
- Rennteam VIP
- Loc: London , United Kingdom
- Posts: 22190, Gallery
- Registered on: Nov 8, 2004
- Reply to: easy_rider911
Re: 2011 F1 Pre-Season
Hamilton now has a full time fitness trainer and nutrition adviser
Great - maybe he also needs to get a full time mentor or psychiatrist so that his head is screwed on correctly as well
Whitmarsh on Hamilton:-
--
RT Moderator - 997.1 C2S GT Silver/Cocoa, -20mm sports suspension/LSD, PSE, short shifter, SportDesign rims, Zuffenhausen collection
Optocoupler - Xvive, Vactrol, VTL5C Series
Starting at: $5.50
In Stock
High quality vactrols from Xvive. The Xvive vactrols are clones of the original Excelitas / Perkins-Elmer vactrols used in man.
See R-VTL5C1 for VTL5C1 vactrol from XVive.
My Project Lists
Specifications, Files, and Documents
Questions and Answers
No questions have been asked about this product.
Customers who purchased this item also bought
Resistors - 1/4 Watt, Metal Film, 1% tolerance
Patch Cables - 3.5mm, Mono
Potentiometer - GØRVA, Linear, 16mm, Right Angle PCB, Solid Shaft Capacitor - 100V, Polyester Film Inductive Knob - Scalloped Edge, Indicator Line, Set Screw, Brass Insert Knob - Aluminum, Set Screw, Short Line, 0.495" Diameter
Product Reviews
The closest I have found to the Perkin Elmer originalThe it's dwindling population. India holds over half the world's tiger population .A need for its strict protection was felt and thus the Tiger was declared the national animal of India in 1972 .Project Tiger was launched in 1973 to save tigers .Since then the tiger count has risen from 268 to 1468Property Attributes
- ID#2210083715
- TypeCondos
- CountyWAYNE
- CityDetroit
- AreaDet South Of Grand River
- NeighborhoodWAYNE COUNTY CONDO PLAN NO 847
- Zip48226
- StyleLoft
- Year Built1913
- Taxes$ 295
- Price$ 315,000
- Bedrooms1
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1008
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
3DX Real Estate LLC
Data Source:
RealComp - 83 - MI
Property Description
Grinnell Lofts is a perfect example of authentic loft living in a perfect walkable neighborhood surrounded by restaurants. The former piano warehouse was converted into condos in the mid 2000's. From your front door, you're greeted with huge energy efficient windows framing the downtown skyline. Main floor offers over 800 Sqft of open layout with a private balcony also facing downtown. Original wood floors & polished concrete feature wall. Dining area features recessed lighting & great views of the city. Kitchen offers black granite countertops w/ island, upgraded high end stainless appliances (one of the only few units w/ gas option). Large bathroom w/ separate soaking tub & upgraded dual head shower w/ multiple body jets, granite counter & additional storage. Includes large walk-in closet with built-in storage. Enjoy waking up to the sunrise over the city in the custom built loft space offering over 200 Sqft with cork flooring, recessed lighting &The Shooting Star Bracelet by Ole Lynggaard Copenhagen features a gold anchor chain with a mix of stones in turquoise, London blue topaz, blush moonstone and corallium rubrum and 2 diamond stars.
Metal: 18K yellow gold
Length: Available in 16 – 19cm
Stone: Blush Moonstone, Diamond, Red Coral & Turquoise
Diamond: 12 diamonds
Carat: 0.1 carat
Designer: Charlotte Lynggaard
This piece retails for $3,110 AUD.
To purchase, please contact us via the form below.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-830098251787200158.post4376962376582585489..comments2021-11-25T17:16:56.335+01:00Comments on Princess Audu: A TOUCH OF BLUE Princess Audu Followed u on bloglovin Check out my blog ...Nice <br />Followed u on bloglovin <br />Check out my blog <br /> Bukky absolutely love the pops of blue here and I'...I absolutely love the pops of blue here and I'd definitely go with the heels, they look gorgeous on you!!!<br /><br />XO Courtney<br /><a href="%E2%80%9C" rel="nofollow"></a>Color Me Courtney look very beautiful in this outfit. Great ense...You look very beautiful in this outfit. Great ensemble! :) Love both for different occasions innit. <br /><br />missymayification.blogspot.co.ukMissymayification heels- Lovely pop and play of colour! Defo heels- Lovely pop and play of colour! Dye think I definitely prefer the blue pumps. I just...I think I definitely prefer the blue pumps. I just love your blog, you inspire me so much! Keep up the great work girl.<br /><br /> Dominique Jazell look great! loving your outfit! lifeisashoeyou look great! loving your outfit!<br /><br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">lifeisashoe</a>Life's a shoe it with the heels New post up on my blog St...Love it with the heels <br />New post up on my blog <br />Stylebyenkay.blogspot.com Anonymous love it with the heels, but the those flats are ...I love it with the heels, but the those flats are too cute too! Lovely post!<br /><br />PoshNPetite.blogspot.comMsJPetite look fab All-in-All|KraheenahYou look fab<br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">All-in-All|Kraheenah</a>raheenahsblog kimono is gorgeous, you look good. xxthat kimono is gorgeous, you look good. xxDemilade would go with the heels....I love the kimono th...I would go with the heels....I love the kimono though....the colour and everything about it....I love it <br />☺<br /> it's Vida love this outfit! Those colors and your hair loo...I love this outfit! Those colors and your hair look amazing xxOlivia Noel choose heels! But you look awesome with both pai...I choose heels! But you look awesome with both pair of shoes! :)<br />Colour blue fits you perfectly dear! <br />Have a nice day!<br /><br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">Lucia Gallego Blog</a><br /><a href="" rel="nofollow">Lucia Gallego Blog Facebook</a><br />Lucía dear i'm following you, kindly follo...Beautiful dear<br />i'm following you, kindly follow back<br /> the look heels! the look <br />heels!<br /><br /> like the whole look. The kimono is a good choice...I like the whole look. The kimono is a good choice for this look<br />fashionitazbybuiti.blogspot.comAnonymous why i didnt grab a kimono while i was still ...dunno why i didnt grab a kimono while i was still shopping last month. now im off clothes shopping for a while lol. u look really good<br />! I will go with the heelsGorgeous! I will go with the heelsAnonymous Jones for Readers' Favorite.The first design with an odd bucket seat bringing the user to ground level giving a different perspective of the street. The design includes drainage slots to prevent build up of water in the bucket seat area.
It was this product that we decided to further develop, looking at the previous designs as well as other concepts, the ideas were tweeked and then designed in solidoworks as a team for manufacture.
- oSylvia Jane McIntosh
(nee Van der Haven)
July 7, 1970 – May 27, 2009
Survived by her husband Andrew; daughter Emily; parents Albert and Mary Van der Haven; sisters Alice (Paul) Lutz and Sandra (Steve) Boulianne; nephews and nieces Jennifer (Ryan), Jeremy and Cameron Lutz; Seth, Zachary and Chloe Boulianne; Bob and Penny McIntosh of Williams Lake, BC; and the rest of the McIntosh clan.
Sylvia was an amazing person. Her ready smile and outgoing personality were always on display. She lived her life to the fullest, finding enjoyment in the smallest things, but her biggest joy was being a mummy to Emily and a wife to Andrew.
The McIntosh, Van der Haven, Lutz and Boulianne families would like to thank Drs. Kay and Skully and their staff, Overwaitea Foods, the Home Care nurses, the KGH Oncology unit, Lynn Stevenson, Rev. Willem Van der Westhuizen of White Rock Presbyterian Church, the Catholic Bereavement Committee and all those who sent flowers, food, cards and words of support.
She will truly be missed, but will remain forever in our hearts.
Isaiah 12:2-6- Digital Price: $19.00 USD (All sales final)
- Collaborative Anthropologies
- University of Nebraska Press
- Article
- Turning the Song: Music, Power, and the Aesthetics of CollaborationVolume 6, 2013, pp. 130-148
To further meet your research needs, the complete digital issue from this journal is also available for purchase for $39.00 USD.
This issue contains 25 articles in total
- Introduction
- Introduction
- Editors’ Introduction
- Decolonizing Methodologies: Research and Indigenous Peoples by Linda Tuhiwai Smith (review)
- Collaborators Collaborating: Counterparts in Anthropological Knowledge and International Research Relations edited by Monica Konrad (review)
- Community-Based Archaeology: Research with, by and for Indigenous and Local Communities by Sonya Atalay (review)
- Decolonizing Museums: Representing Native America in National and Tribal Museums by Amy Lonetree (review)
- Action Anthropology and Sol Tax in 2012: The Final Word? edited by Darcy C. Stapp (review)
- Science Field Shops to Reduce Climate Vulnerabilities: An Inter- and Trans-Disciplinary Educational Commitment
- Science, Traditional Ecological Knowledge, and Anthropology: Managing the Impacts of Mining in Papua New Guinea
- Song, Land, and Ceremony: Interpreting the Place of Songs as Evidence for Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Land Claims
- The Dynamics of Collaborative Research Relationships: Examples from the Warlpiri Songlines Project
- Laws, Customs, and Practices in Australian Native Title
- Anthropology, Community Development, and Public Policy: The Case of the Kaiela Planning Council
- A Research Practice Like Escher’s Drawing Hands: Reflections on Crossing Disciplinary Boundaries on Lake Como, Italy
- Anthropology, Linguistics, and the Vicissitudes of Interdisciplinary Collaboration
- My Life as a Chameleon: Finding the Anthropological Self through Interdisciplinary Collaboration
- Reflections through Reflexivity: Why My Collaborative Research Project in Arctic Labrador Did Not Work
- Standing on the Shore with Saaban: An Anthropological Rapprochement with an Indigenous Intellectual Tradition
- The Fiddle’s Voice: Timbre, Musical Learning, and Collaborative Ethnography in Central and Inner Asia
- Turning the Song: Music, Power, and the Aesthetics of Collaboration
- Work in the Field: Public Ethnomusicology and Collaborative Professionalism
- Voicing the Domestic: Senegalese Sufi Women’s Musical Practice, Feminine Interior Worlds, and Possibilities for Ethnographic Listening
- Reconciling Geppetto: Collaboration, (Re-)Creation, and Deception in the Practice of Hip Hop Music Ethnography
- Collaborating on Language: Contrasting the Theory and Practice of Collaboration in Linguistics and Anthropology
In order to purchase digital content, you must be logged into your MyMUSE account.
For questions, please see Purchasing MUSE ContentThe past two decades have seen globalization of the world’s wine markets proceed like never before, in both speed and comprehensiveness. There was a degree of trade expansion in the five decades to World War I but, until the late 20th century, interactions across continents involved little more than the exporting of vine cuttings and traditional production expertise. Indeed most wine was consumed in the country of production, and those countries were mostly in Europe.
The fall in transport and communication costs since the 1980s is largely responsible for the change. That has made it affordable for many more producers to focus on exports, and for some to also focus on mergers or acquisitions.
Falling international trade costs and de-regulation of liquor retailing have also allowed large supermarket chains to become buyers of both bottled or bag-in-box wines and wine for building their own brands.
Retailing through such chain stores requires large quantities of homogenous wine year after year. Producers in the New World were more adept at initially responding to this new demand, creating a huge new category of robust, fruity ‘commercial premium’ wines that fall between expensive fine wines and cheap non-premium (‘table’) wines.
The share of global wine production exported, which had always been below 15 per cent and mostly Mediterranean or intra-European, grew dramatically from the late 1980s. By 2012 it exceeded 40 per cent.
The New World’s share of global wine exports rose from 3 per cent in the late 1980s to 25 per cent (if sparkling wine is excluded) by 2004.
Recognizing their poor performance, Europe’s producers during the past decade have been adapting their practices to compete. The three leading European wine-exporting countries as a group now export almost half their production, up from just one-fifth a generation ago.
Simultaneously, New World producers are seeking to expand their exports of more-expensive wines to complement their lower-end products. The next phase of wine’s globalization therefore may involve a convergence whereby both groups produce terroir-driven super-premium wines alongside more-affordable ‘commercial premium’ branded wines. Meanwhile, cheap basic non-premium wines are continuing their demise.
Technological developments are rapidly altering the means of exporting commercial premium wines. In the past decade or so the share of wine that is exported from the New World in bulk shipping containers has risen from less than 15 to more than 40 percent. Bottling in the country of destination is sometimes cheaper, and it lowers the cost and carbon footprint of shipping. By shipping in 24,000-litre bladders to fit 20-foot containers, this new technology offers greater opportunities to blend wines from any region of the world.
Greater openness to trade means winemakers and hence grapegrowers are far more exposed now than pre-1990 to exchange rate volatility, and also to greater import competition in their domestic market as consumers seek to choose from an ever-broader range of wines. Wide fluctuations in exchange rates since the global financial crisis began in 2008 have substantially altered national shares in key markets.
Greater openness and international travel also alter tastes and preferences. Nowhere has this been more obvious in the case of wine than in China. Chinese wine imports grew more than 50 percent per year during 2006-12. With the number of middle class in China currently around 250 million and growing at 10 million per year, and with grape wine accounting for less than 5 percent of alcohol consumption, further large increases in wine consumption are expected. How much of that Chinese demand will be supplied by domestic producers is difficult to guess, but import growth is likely to continue for the foreseeable future (see Wittwer and Anderson 2015).
Recent Comments
[…] professor Kym Anderson reports on the continued globalization of the wine business and paints a picture of what the future looks […]Hanson is in talks with the Tulsa Development Authority to build a brewery and studio in the Brady Arts District.
Paperwork shows the group's record label as overseeing the project that would be housed where the L.A. King building is currently located on North Boston Avenue downtown.
The TDA would provide $2 million in loans to help develop the brewery and recording studio that would also house retail and office space.
As for a timeline - initial design and planning should happen by the end of 2018 and construction beginning in the summer of 2019.
Friday, L.A. King released a statement saying the company is growing and the current building is "no longer sufficient."
L.A. King has operated out of the building on North Boston since 1954. Perkins said they are building a new state-of-the-art facility at a yet-to-be announced location in Tulsa to accommodate growth.
L.A. King owner and president, David L. Perkins commented on the Hanson brothers taking over the property saying, "At this time, it is premature to comment at length on the media reports. However, the Hansons are friends and neighbors here in the Brady District, and I am confident any project they put their name behind will be of utmost quality and a net positive for our community."
The Hanson brothers are from Tulsa and currently house their 3CG studios on Main street in the Brady Arts district.Desirable Destination: St. Barts
The Cannes of the Caribbean | December
See if any of the following sounds familiar: You tune in to “Access Hollywood” ostensibly to keep track of who your kids think are cool, but in reality, you do it to see if Diddy will show pictures from his latest charter vacation. You circle names in the Forbes 400 list based on who owns a yacht (or two or three). And you keep just as many copies of People and Us Weekly on your boat as you do PMY‘s The World’s 100 Largest Yachts and America’s 100 Largest Yachts issues.
While your dock mates may poke fun at you, I understand. You secretly wish that you were one of the yachterazzi, the beautiful people with the bold-face names who get to yacht-hop in some of the most beautiful harbors in the world that are too small to be overrun with cruise ships and tacky tourists.
Well, you can be. During the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s Eve, there’s an island in the French Antilles that has such a strong pull for megayachts and megamoguls, you’d swear a giant magnet was hidden in the hills. The island is Saint Barthlemy, better known as St. Barts, and while its eight square miles boast some of the loveliest white-sand beaches anywhere (draped with perfect bodies working on perfect, no-line tans), trust me, its capital of Gustavia is a yacht-spotter’s and yacht-hopper’s fantasy.
Try these stats on for size: Sixty Med-moor berths are available for yachts up to 200 feet LOA, while 14 yachts up to 80 feet can anchor in the inner harbor and upwards of 100 yachts can anchor in the outer harbor. And every inch of space is taken up during the holidays. According to local reports, last year on Christmas Day there were 200 yachts at the docks and at anchor. Between December 28 and 31, the harbormaster’s office handled an average of 55 boats per day, and by the time the fireworks were launched on New Year’s Eve, an astounding 350 yachts were present. Ultima III, Jamaica Bay, and Mystique were just some of the repeat visitors, enjoying the same chic surroundings that the likes of Four Wishes, Gallant Lady, Rising Sun, Octopus, and Limitless have all taken in.
How do you get aboard them? I’d help you, darlings, but I’m presently making my own plans to get into the exclusive parties that the likes of domestic diva Martha Stewart, director George Lucas, and fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg attend (they were at the New Year’s bash aboard Octopus last year). Chances are charter yachts are already booked for this month’s celebrations, so call now to reserve your spot next year. Yes, it’s that popular, and it’s worth it.
Regardless of which path you choose, arrive at your local airport without socks on, particularly if it’s bitterly cold, just to rub it in to everyone else that you’re heading somewhere they’re not. After all, you’re embarking upon a never-to-be-forgotten experience. From the lilting French accents heard everywhere to the insanely expensive yet enthralling cuisine, you’ll pay through the nose and enjoy every minute of it.
Think of it this way. The cost of a simple mahi-mahi and vegetable salad for lunch at a beachside restaurant in St. Barts? Easily the same as you’d spend on dinner, given the chic atmosphere and the Euro-to-dollar exchange rate. Cost of gazing from the aft deck, champagne in hand, reviewing stories you’ll tell of yacht-hopping in Gustavia? Priceless..TWO MAN LIMIT
Fished with Kevin from daylight until noon, and finished with a two man limit of Kinkaid crappie. It was a great day on the water! For a memorable crappie fishing trip on Kinkaid Lake in Southern Il. Kevin Wehner is your go to guy. He has dedicated countless hours on the lake, gaining the experience to provide his clients with an exceptional fishing experience. His boat is very comfortable, and equipped with Lowrance Electronics for finding the fish, and top shelf tackle to catch them with. Book a crappie fishing trip with Kevin, your Kinkaid Lake Crappie Guide. Howard Newsome, Jackson Mo.
Information technology (IT) is everywhere in the world, and knowing how to program computers is one of the top skills you need to succeed in modern workplaces. Computer programming certificate online programs are a fast way to get the training you need to get entry-level jobs in programming. Plus, they can be much cheaper than getting a whole degree while giving you skills that can get you working quickly.
Online Programming Certificates
Getting your computer programming certificate online is a convenient way to get career education on your own schedule and from anywhere. Certificate programs are a shorter path to a credential than a degree, as they will only have classes that focus on computer topics and applicable skills that are in-demand from employers. Some certificates are perfect for people who have little experience working with computers, while some are certificates to add on skills for people who already work with computers or have a degree in computer science. Because they have fewer classes than a degree, they are also much more affordable, while still giving you a very marketable skillset.
People who are just finishing high school may take this route to quickly gain job skills that will qualify them to enter the workforce in a very useful field: programming. Others may have worked for years in any number of industries, but decided that now is the time to take a path that will lead to better employment opportunities and better-paying jobs. Because online programming certificates are flexible in their scheduling, they make a great way to get a useful credential while still having time to work or go to school. People of all ages and from all walks of life enroll in computer programming certificate online programs, as these skills are so useful to so many industries.
GetEducated Sponsored Picks
- Grantham University Certificate in Introduction to Programming
- South College Certificate in Software Developer
Cost & Length of Computer Programming Certificates Online
Certificates for computer programming can be as short as three credits, or as long as 36 credits, with most classes counting for three credits each. Almost all programs are perfectly suited to part time study, leaving you free to continue your other school, work, or family obligations. There are some very affordable short programs out there that will cost you less than $500, but the average 12-18 credit program will run you from about $2k to $4.5k. Longer comprehensive programs of 33-36 credits are perfect for those who need a very solid introduction to the subject, but they can also be very affordable at around $4k or so. You can find much more expensive programs that cost all the way up to $10k or more, but we have focused our list on computer programming certificates online that will keep you under $5k for the whole program, making this certificate a very cost-effective way to increase your earning potential.
Because most programs are designed for part time learners, students can expect to take between one semester, or about 14-16 weeks, to possibly over a year to complete. Some programs are suitable for taking multiple classes at a time to finish quicker, but other have course sequences where you go from introductory to more advanced classes in the same topic or programming language, making it harder to double up your classes. Certificates that are shorter will have mostly programming language classes, so you may learn from one to five different programming languages in different classes. The more comprehensive certificates will give you more introduction to computer application, systems, or theory which can be perfect for those who need a basic foundation before learning a lot of programming.
Certificate programs in computer programming will teach some of the most commonly used programming languages and technologies, including Python, C++, C#, SQL, and Java. Learning these skills will involve a lot of practice, and students can expect to have hands on as they learn the ropes and then go on to complete projects that show their programming skills.
Careers with an Online Programming Certificate
Many computer programming certificate online programs prepare students for entry-level jobs as computer programmers. Computer programmers write code in a number of different programming languages, correct errors in code, update existing programs, and test code. They work in almost every industry, but a larger number of jobs will be in computer systems design, finance and insurance, and manufacturing. With a certificate, many students will be able to go out and start working, and throughout their careers, upgrade their skills to work in more lucrative and complex jobs such as software development. While many computer programmers have an associate’s or bachelor’s degree, the certificate is a good first step or additional qualification for many careers.
Compared to many careers, there is a lot of problem-solving involved in computer programming. This makes the career interesting and fulfilling for many people, and with so many industries needing workers with computer skills, students can often find jobs working in programming in an industry or field that interests them. Everyone–from sports teams to airlines, retails stores to online marketplaces, and from banks to government—needs computer programmers on staff. Having skills in computer programming can increase your worth in many job types, even if coding is not the main part of your job. For those looking to quickly get into computing, programming is a very good bet.
Computer programming salaries can range from about $41k to $100k per year, with an average base salary of $64,217 per year, according to Payscale.com. The job outlook for computer programmers is predicted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to decrease between 2019 and 2029 by 9%. The Bureau of Labor Statistics puts the median annual salary for computer programmers at $86,550, though entry level employees will make on the lower end of that. However, the potential is there to make a very comfortable salary.
A certificate is a quick and inexpensive way to get training that will allow you to try working in this field, and it can provide the work experience to find out if a career in computers is right for you. With this information, you can plan your next steps in your career. Because technology is at the center of businesses of all types, workers with skills in programming will always be needed. Getting a computer programming certificate online can be a good way to dip your toe into working in programming, and help you consider if software development or a different job within computing would suit you.
13 Top Online Computer Programming Certificates Under $5,000
An online programming certificate can cost less than $500 or more than $9,000. Here at GetEducated we do the hard work for you. We highlight just one objective factor—affordability—so that you can factually compare all of your options.
We compared 65 programming certificates from 33 regionally accredited online schools to create this list revealing the most affordable options in the United States—13 online programming certificates for under the national average cost.
Madison Area Technical College
Degree: IT-VMware Certified Professional Certificate
Total Cost (In-State & Out-of-State): $451
Perfect for students who have a computer science degree or work experience in IT, the online Professional Certificate from Madison Area Technical College offers training to become a VMWare Certified Professional. VMWare is the most widely used server virtualization platform, and students will learn how to install, configure, administer and troubleshoot this infrastructure. The certificate can be taken fully online, is just one 3-credit course and is offered in a 16-week semester or 8-week summer format. This part time certificate is perfect for those who want to add this valuable skillset to increase their usefulness to small, medium, or large businesses.
Find Out More:
IT-VMware Certified Professional Certificate
Madison Area Technical College
Degree: IT-Java Professional Developer Certificate
Total Cost (In-State & Out-of-State): $1,353
Madison Area Technical College also offers the 9-credit online IT/Java Professional Developer Certificate for professionals who want to learn to use Java programming language for web development. The three courses in the program are Java Programming, Advanced Java Programming, and Enterprise Java Programming. Students attend part time for this sequence of courses. For IT professionals who need to learn Java, this is a very practical and affordable way to add this skill to their capabilities.
Find Out More:
IT-Java Professional Developer Certificate
Seminole State College of Florida
Degree: Technical Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
Total Cost (In-State): $2,038
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $7,033
The online Computer Programming Specialist Technical Certificate from Seminole State College of Florida is designed to prepare students for jobs as an entry-level programmer. The program is 18-credits long, with five required classes and one elective. The degree is upwardly compatible with the associate in science degree for students who wish to continue their studies. Core courses include Network Concepts & Operating Systems, Database Management, and Programming in Java. This very affordable certificate is a great first step for students who want to start working in computer programming.
Find Out More:
Technical Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
St. Petersburg College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
Total Cost (In-State): $2,282
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $7,234
St. Petersburg College offers the online Computer Programming Specialist Certificate as an 18-hour program that teaches skills to create dynamic web content and transaction-based web systems. The program introduces programming languages like SQL, C++, C#, and Java, and prepares students to take the industry Oracle Java Associate certification. Perfect for students looking to get a job as an entry-level programmer, and also compatible with associate degree options, this is a very cost-effective way to get job-ready in computer science.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
St. Johns River State College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
Total Cost (In-State): $2,480
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $10,494
The online Computer Programming Specialist Certificate from St. Johns River State College prepares students to handle and retrieve data, code in computer language, and test and debug computer programs. The 18-credit program prepares students for entry-level employment, and include courses such as Introduction to Computer Concepts, Programming in C++, and Introduction to Object-oriented Programing with Java. This certificate program can lead to entering the associate’s degree program, and is a great preparation for a first job in computer programming.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programming Specialist
Fort Hays State University
Degree: Certificate in Mobile Application Development
Total Cost (In-State & Out-of-State): $2,723
Fort Hays State University has an online Certificate in Mobile Application Development that is 12 credits of coursework. The curriculum includes both iOS and Android mobile app development courses, and has a capstone course for hands-on projects. Classes are in seminar format, and students need to complete all the courses at Fort Hays State University to gain the certificate. With mobile app development becoming such an integral part of business, these sought-after skills will give students training that will be in demand in many companies.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Mobile Application Development
Clark State Community College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programming
Total Cost (In-State): $3,634
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $6,518
The online Computer Programing Departmental Certificate from Clark State Community College is 21 credits and includes courses in Python, C++, C#, HTML, Java, and JavaScript. The certificate prepares students to write programs, implement system designs, and find and correct problems in system designs and implementation. With incredibly affordable tuition rates, this extensive certificate program gives students a great overview and wide skillset that will help them obtain jobs in the IT field.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programming
Seminole State College of Florida
Degree: Technical Certificate in Computer Programming
Total Cost (In-State): $3,737
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $12,894
Seminole State College of Florida’s online Computer Programming Technical Certificate offers a comprehensive entry-level education in computer programming. It includes basic introductory courses in many subjects, including networking, operating systems, databases, and applications. It also teaches skills in SQL and Java. The program is 33 credits long, and can be completed entirely online, making it a great way for people new to the IT profession to get all the required skills to find employment.
Find Out More:
Technical Certificate in Computer Programming
St. Petersburg College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programmer
Total Cost (In-State): $4,183
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $13,263
The fully online Computer Programmer Certificate from St. Petersburg College is another comprehensive, 33-credit certificate offering a great start to a career in IT. It offers introductory training in IT, programming, operating systems, systems analysis and design, databases, and web essentials. Skill taught include SQL, C++, C#, and Java. With this very affordable certificate, a novice in the computer sciences can gain a basic skillset to get a job in this ever-changing and in-demand field.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programmer
Dakota State University
Degree: Certificate in Software Development
Total Cost (In-State): $4,183
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $5,530
Dakota State University has an online Software Development Certificate that is just 12 credits long and includes core courses that can apply towards a degree program. The courses are Computer Science I and II, Software Security, and Object Oriented Design. The program highlights skills in theory and application, programming, coding, algorithms, and more. Because this certificate allows students to work on a wide variety of projects, it offers a great way to develop skills that demonstrate career-readiness for IT jobs in a concise educational program.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Software Development
Saint Johns River State College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programmer
Total Cost (In-State): $4,546
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $19,239
The online Computer Programmer Certificate at Saint Johns River State College is a comprehensive program to train students for entry-level jobs in computer programming, systems analysis, software applications, or as microcomputer specialists. The 33-credit program includes courses in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, and Visual Basic.NET. It also offers introductory courses in programming, systems, and computer concepts, making it an excellent introduction to the skills and knowledge for working in the IT field.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programmer
Miami Dade College
Degree: Certificate in Computer Programmer / Business Applications
Total Cost (In-State): $4,688
Total Cost (Out-of-State): $14,922
Miami Dade College’s online Computer Programmer – Business Applications Certificate is 36 credits long, takes more than a year to complete, and offers a basic foundation in programming for jobs in scientific, industrial, commercial, and government data processing. The courses include introductory classes as well as Financial Accounting. All students will learn C++, Java, and database concepts, plus they can take electives in professional ethics, systems analysis, Python, advanced Visual Basic, advanced Java, and web development in in PHP/MYSQL. This basic certificate allows students to choose many electives while still getting the core competencies that will help them get IT jobs in a wide range of industries.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Computer Programmer / Business Applications
Anderson University
Degree: Certificate in Coding & App Development
Total Cost (In-State & Out-of-State): $4,880
The online Certificate in Coding and App Development from Anderson University in South Carolina is 12 credits long and is appropriate for people from any background as there are no prerequisites. Designed in partnership with Apple, the program teaches skills in Swift and Xcode, and follows an “everyone can code” philosophy, as these skills are in use in many industries outside of IT. Students will create their own code, develop critical-thinking and problem-solving skills, study human-computer interaction, and learn skills in collaboration and teamwork. This industry-friendly certificate can quickly get anyone up to speed on the basics of app development that they can apply to almost any professional career.
Find Out More:
Certificate in Coding & App Development
Today is the first day oof the rest of your life, as they say. If you want a sure-fire skillset that will qualify you to do computer programming getting a computer programming certificate online is the easy way to go. With affordable programs, flexible schedules, and a fascinating career of solving problems and creating useful code waiting for you, now is the time to get started!Department for Transport written statement – made on 11th January 2021.
Alert me about debates like this
Last week the Prime Minister announced that the Government had made the difficult but necessary decision to introduce a new national lockdown. 04:00 three overseas territories - St Helena, Ascension Island and the Falklands.
Arrivals from three additional countries will be considered to have a reasonable excuse not to comply due to lack of testing infrastructure. However, for these countries this will only apply for a specific, time limited window. This includes:
If passengers are arriving from one of the above three.What can the Shelby Next Church Management System do for you?
How do I access the Shelby Next CMS?
Use one of these options:
Where do I get my Login Info?
- Provide access to the Church Directory
- Let you see your giving
- Allow you to print off your year end tax statement
How do I access the Shelby Next CMS?
Use one of these options:
- Use the login button above
- Use the "CMS" link at the bottom of every page
- Go to
- Download the app here: Apple | Android
Where do I get my Login Info?
- Contact the church office: via email: church.office@stpaul-millington.org | via phone: 989-871-4581LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — Director of Programs and Services of Arkansas Chapter - Alzheimer's Association Taco Price shares strategies on how to communicate the diagnosis of Alzheimer’s or other dementia to your loved one.
After you recognize early signs of Alzheimer's or other dementia, it is a good time to take your loved one to see a physician. But convincing them to go to the doctor may be challenging.
“I always recommend physically making note of some of the changes that you have observed in your loved one,” says Price. “Doing this can soften that conversation a little bit.”
Make note of what those changes are, and be willing to have a collaborative conversation with your loved one. Ask if they would be willing to go to the doctor so that you can figure out what may be causing that change.
"Make sure your loved one knows they are not alone," says Price. "Reassure them that you will be there with them and include them in the decision-making process."
Theba Lolley knows firsthand how challenging the journey of caring for a loved one with Alzheimer’s or dementia can be.
Recognize that this disease presents itself differently in individuals, and it could be a different thought process or behavior changes.
Theba explains that she had two different approaches when recognizing the changes in her mother versus her father. Her father admitted he needed help, where her mother felt more apprehensive.
“The three most difficult conversations to have with family members center around going to the doctor, driving, and legal and financial decisions,” says Price.
The fear that you may experience can prevent you from taking the next step in advocacy for your loved one. It may be helpful to rely on other family members or friends to help you along the way.
Taco Price recommends not using the words Alzheimer's or dementia if they seem scary. Use words that are more comfortable, like “changes in memory, thinking, or behavior.”
“Working through caregiver fear is very valid, and don’t be afraid to see the Alzheimer's Association as a part of your care team,” says Price. “We are here to help you.”
Alzheimer's Association is available to talk with you about what you may be going through. The 24/7 helpline number is 1-800-272-3900 and resources are available on their website.-  4, 2012
It was not pretty, but you have to give it up to the Buffalo Sabres. Fighting for a playoff spot between them and the Washington Capitals, the Sabres took to the ice against the Toronto Maple Leafs last night. Going down 3-0 in the first, 3-2 in the second and picking up 3 goals in the third to tie the game at 5 a piece to send into overtime, Derek Roy’s 17th goal of the game came 3:29 into the overtime for the win.
The Sabres are currently tied with the Washington Capitals for the 8th and final seed in the Eastern Conference. The Capitals have the tiebreaker in their favor if it comes to that. Both teams have 2 games left on the season; Capitals have the Florida Panthers of whom they are chasing for first place within the Southeast Division as well as the Eastern Conference leading New York Rangers. The Sabres will play against the Philadelphia Flyers and the Boston Bruins, both teams who have already clinched playoff spots.
Tough roads ahead for both, Washington a little easier road, who do you think will take 8th seed in the Eastern Conference?
Balou
April 4, 2012 at 9:02 am
I hope Buffalo go in playoffs !
EB
April 4, 2012 at 9:13 am
I do as well but they do have a tougher route to make it. Two tough opponents upcoming while Washington has a Divisional rivalry that will get them pumped plus the tie-breaker in their favor. Four days and two games left, we will have to wait and see.You Really Need to Quit Twitter
How could I have succumbed to this common, embarrassing habit that just about everyone on Earth knows is a scourge?
About the author: Caitlin Flanagan is a staff writer at The Atlantic. She is the author of Girl Land and To Hell With All That.
I’m almost 60, and in these many decades I’ve seen people—some of them good friends—taken down by all kinds of things. Alcohol and drugs, mostly. A few years ago, I lost someone to heroin, and hundreds of us sat at his funeral in wordless communion. I know a couple of people who couldn’t shake gambling, and many plagued by food and sex and all the other great distractions. But in all these years—almost 60!—I haven’t had trouble with any of those things. Until now. You know what finally took me down? Fucking Twitter.
The indignity of it! Couldn’t I have gone out on a champagne bender or bet the house on a poker game, or even clogged my heart with so much gelato and fried chicken that the life force was squeezed out of me midway through a slice of cheesecake? Why did it have to be this common, embarrassing habit that just about everyone on Earth knows is a scourge?
I know I’m an addict because Twitter hacked itself so deep into my circuitry that it interrupted the very formation of my thoughts. Twenty years of journalism taught me to hit a word count almost without checking the numbers at the bottom of the screen. But now a corporation that operates against my best interests has me thinking in 280 characters. Every thought, every experience, seems to be reducible to this haiku, and my mind is instantly engaged by the challenge of concision. Once the line is formed, why not put it out there? Twitter is a red light, blinking, blinking, blinking, destroying my ability for private thought, sucking up all my talent and wit. Put it out there, post it, see how it does. What pours out is an ungodly sluice of high-minded opinions, sharp rebukes, jokes, transactional compliments, and mundane bulletins from my private life (to the extent that I have one anymore).
The simplest definition of an addiction is a habit that you can’t quit, even though it poses obvious danger. How many people have lost their jobs over ill-considered tweets? How can a wry observation, unexamined and fired off during an adrenaline high, possibly be worth the risk? It’s madness.
God knows my heroes wouldn’t have gone down this road. George Orwell on Twitter? I doubt it.
6 a.m.: An Elephant is rampaging through the bazaar. I’m asked to help. What the Hell can I do about it? I will go take a look.
Noon: Lunch was a tin of kippers sent by @Mimsy207. Thanks, Mimsy! Felt like we were at the same table. Come to Burma? Please?
10 p.m.: Can’t get that damn elephant out of my mind.. She would either shape them into imperishable personal essays or allow them to float past her and return to the place from which they came.
For a few years now, my family’s attitude toward my habit has been—depending on whom you asked—concerned, grossed out, or disappointed. My employer had given up and adopted a sort of “It’s your funeral” approach. There were days when I stared at the screen thinking, It’s only a matter of time. Could I kick the addiction without having to reach what alcoholics refer to as rock bottom? Could I save myself before the inevitable catastrophe?
It was time for Twitter rehab.
It was to be a battle of wills between one aging, chemo-addled brain and the daisy-fresh minds of the world’s most talented coders, ultimate-Frisbee players, and ruthless businessmen. You can’t fight an addiction alone, so I engaged the assistance of one of my sons, Patrick. He is not on any social media, admires the work of the technology ethicist Tristan Harris, and is an all-around helpful and generous person. He was more than willing to change my password and not tell me what it was for 28 days.
If you don’t have Twitter, or if you’re a casual user, this saga must seem absurd. Just close your account, you’re thinking. What I’m trying to tell you is: I couldn’t.
Patrick made me sign a contract asserting that no matter what I said, he was not to give me the password. I scrawled my signature and posted a tweet saying I’d be back in 28 days. And then I passed him the laptop. He tapped for a few seconds, and Twitter went dark.
The grid was down, but I didn’t feel anxious; that came later. I felt elated, free. I thought of a maxim I’d once read in a book about business: A 99 percent commitment is hard; 100 percent is easy. I was 100 percent off Twitter. Which would have made an excellent tweet.
I floated downstairs and out to the garden to do some reading. I was excited about this particular book: the last volume of Kevin Starr’s magisterial history of California. I sat down and almost immediately I was returned to myself. For the past few years, I’ve felt a strange restlessness as I read, and the desk in my bedroom is piled with wonderful books I gave up on long before the halfway mark. I had started to wonder if we were in a post-reading age, or if reading loses its pleasure as we age—but I knew that wasn’t really true. Reading that book took me out of my own time and place, and I found myself once again wandering in a created world. I felt the old sensation of trying to slow down, so that the book would last a long time. I had suspected for a while that my reading problems had something to do with Twitter, and several times I’d tried leaving the phone in another room—but it was no good. Twitter didn’t live in the phone. It lived in me.
And that’s when I realized what those bastards in Silicon Valley had done to me. They’d wormed their way into my brain, found the thing that was more important to me than Twitter, and cut the connection..
On the other hand … after about a week I wanted back in. I knew the place was still hopping, because friends would email me updates that drove me wild with the need to comment. The writer Naomi Wolf was permanently banned from Twitter for her imperious anti-vaxxing during my absence. It was as though Twitter had thrown a cloth over her parrot cage—the chattering suddenly stopped, and she was silent. But I had thrown a cloth over my own parrot cage, so I couldn't crow about it. Someone sent me news that the New York Times columnist Paul Krugman had written about “leprechaun economics” and the Irish ambassador to America had taken the bait and complained. It was a cultural moment that (in my opinion) screamed out for Caitlin Flanagan, but where was she? I texted the editor of this magazine: “Paul Krugman's after me lucky charms!” The editor texted back, “I wish I knew what this meant.” I tried patching through to Old Media, sending the Times a letter to the editor in which I directed Krugman to W. B. Yeats’s Fairy and Folktales on the Irish Peasantry and its menacing description of leprechauns as “sluttish, slouching, jeering, mischievous phantoms,” suggesting that he should watch his back. Crickets from the Times. Did I even exist anymore?
I tracked down Patrick. He was in his room, logging meal counts into a spreadsheet (he works for a food bank and majored in philosophy, the full catastrophe). I gave him a very rational description of Twitter’s important role in a journalistic career, and how it keeps one’s perspective fresh in readers’ minds. He listened in an apparently nonjudgmental way, and then turned his swivel chair in the direction of his bookcase and pulled out a thick volume. “I think you should read William James’s essay on habits,” he said, handing me a copy of The Principles of Psychology.
I couldn’t very well throw the book through his open window, in the manner of Becky Sharp in Vanity Fair (a book I actually finished, having encountered it during the infancy of Mark Zuckerberg). I had to respond as one reader to another, uplifted by the suggestion.
James believed that when it comes to the forming or breaking of habits, there is no such thing as a neutral action. Each time you don’t look at Twitter, you are taking the trickle of this new behavior and helping it become a mighty river. But this framework does not take into consideration newer thinking about addiction, and how willpower is useless against it. I brought this point up to Patrick over dinner, but suddenly I was on the downhill slope of a conversation about Aristotelian virtue ethics, and how virtue must be trained, etc. etc.
I started dreaming about Twitter. One night I found a secret entrance, a gate that was grown over with trailing vines, and I slipped inside. The dream Twitter was magnificent. Each post was two or three stories tall, and they were arranged in some majestic pattern that I couldn’t figure out. I was so happy to be there, walking among the giant links, looking at what was trending, what my friends and enemies were tweeting about, what pileup I could throw my pixelated self upon. But my pleasure was tinged with anxiety: What if someone found out I was there; what if someone discovered me lurking? And then I did it. I impulsively reached out and pressed one of the giant “Like” buttons, and that was it. I knew I would be caught. The Twitter dream melted into the next one, but in the morning the tone of the dream—the anxiety and the pleasure—stayed with me.
There was nothing to do except keep writing (freed from the story budget of Twitter, I actually had some interesting ideas) and keep reading. My other son, Conor, gave me a copy of Pnin and again the world fell away. He gave me Tolstoy’s Family Happiness, which I realized I’d read when I was young and which was so interesting to revisit from the perspective of age. Janet Malcolm died, and I was inspired to mark the occasion by rereading her greatest book, The Journalist and the Murderer, which offered the double consolation of its excellent tale and the renewed company of Janet Malcolm. But I was not able to tweet out this virtuous and highbrow response to her passing, so it was (until now) a private act, which I pondered in my heart as Mary did the Annunciation.
And then—at last!—the 28 days were up. I did it! I even added a few more—29 days, then 30, 31—just to prove to myself that I wasn’t a rabid dog. I found Patrick in the family room. I handed him my laptop and told him to get me back in the game. He looked at me skeptically. Why would I want to go back? I told him that I had a plan all worked out, and that I would go on the site for only half an hour a day, as a means of furthering my career. “The bargaining phase,” Conor said, without looking up from his book.
Patrick disappeared and came back with a collection of Simone Weil essays. He said I should read “On the Abolition of All Political Parties,” but every time I saw the word parties, I should replace it with Twitter. He demonstrated, reading a paragraph aloud:
“The mere fact that Twitter exists today is not in itself sufficient a reason for us to preserve it. The only legitimate reason for preserving anything is its goodness. The evils of Twitter are all too evident; therefore, the problem that should be examined is this: Does it contain enough good to compensate for its evils and make its preservation desirable?”
Jesus Christ! I just wanted to shit-talk Naomi Wolf and make leprechaun jokes. How did we get into these deep waters?
Because that’s where Twitter lives.?EPSON Cold Press Bright A3+ 25 Sheets
This paper has an acid free base, PH Buffered, 100% cotton rag on 340 gsm weight. It has a bright white surface.TSN Deadline Today: Rosen, Leading and Longstanding Investor Counsel, Reminds Tyson Foods, Inc. Investors of Deadline Today in Securities Class Action - TSN
New York, New York--(Newsfile Corp. - September 30, 2021) -4318614/2523/2021-09-30T11:22:35Who We Are.
We are based in Southampton, UK and are connected globally through our partners at Rotterdam, Gibraltar, Panama, Vancouver, Toronto, New Orleans, Singapore, Malaysia, Piraeus, Fujairah, Balboa, Trinidad & Tobago, Paranagua, Amsterdam and all the strategic ports throughout the shipping lanes.
With wide spread network we can server our clients globally.
What We Do
Why SMC?
What sets us apart from similar services is that we offer a flat price rate per service that is desired by clients. Our cost efficient price structure and long term partnership with strategic organizations have kept us at the forefront of the marine industry.
Customer satisfaction is our priority and motto. Whenever you require any maritime related services, please contact us for efficient handling of the job, big/small or complex. We are committed to provide exceptional quality service to your best satisfaction.
- Globally connected
- On time delivery and best service
- Highly professional services
- Serving the industry 24/7 day and night 365 days.
Imagine, if you will, an abandoned wood-frame mansion. It’s midnight. A howling wind sweeps orange leaves across the dead, yellow grass. Wood boards creak. A feral dog barks in the distance. Approaching cautiously, mouth dry, you seek shelter within. The unlocked door groans as you pass through, suddenly slamming itself shut, never to open again – You’ve just crossed over into a new dimension. The Flooring Zone.
Listen To The Dramatic Reading If You Dare
The cursed entryway
Inside, a flickering chandelier hangs above the warped and bubbled vinyl beneath. Blanketed with cobwebs, you point your flashlight towards a grim sight – the seams have opened up. A distant howling from below causes your hair to stand on end. In a frenzy, you turn to run but one of the curved planks – raised on the edges and dipped in the middle – seems to grab hold of you as you flee for your life. Your flashlight hits the moisture-warped floor, knocking the batteries loose.
You feel something strange beneath you as you try to reassemble your light. A sticky substance oozes from the edges of two vinyl boards. In a deafening scream of panic, you attempt to escape its commercial-grade grasp as the subfloor vomits up the adhesive beneath the vinyl flooring. You let out a deafening scream of panic, “NOOOO!”
That can happen when there’s too much moisture in the subfloor. It’s a good idea to check moisture levels. If you need a faster option, apply a moisture vapor barrier to keep the subfloor dry.
The dark bedroom
Your flashlight flickers back on. Having barely managed to escape, you hear shrieking from a nearby bedroom. Your flashlight spots a shadowy figure dart by. With a deep breath, you find the courage to step forward. Without warning, as though the very ground might fall through, you feel the very texture of the substrate moving through the flooring itself – showing signs of waving and sloping, lifting and curling. Taken aback, your eyes widen at what they see: the planks “telegraphing” the shape of something underneath. A shape, emerging like a clawing from another dimension struggling to breathe, becomes clear: There appeared a tell-tale heart beating soft in its cage – through the cragged planks – as if to warn about how the flooring got this way.
Unlevel subfloor caused the trouble. A Portland based self-leveling underlayment would have given plank support. The amount of the underlayment depends on the unevenness of the subfloor.
The room that came to life
The ironically named “living” room, devoid of the very furniture that scraped through its surface, lies still… waiting… As you pass through, the flooring begins to buckle underfoot. The planks lift off the floor. The ground, opening, tries to swallow you whole. You press against the side of the staircase, clinging to the baluster slats to climb out of this living hell… as the room collapses behind you into a pit with no discernable bottom. You shout, “WHAT, WHAT, WHAT’S going on?!!”
A lack of expansion space sparked the floating floor problem. A preventive measure can be using ¼ inch expansion space from all vertical structures. Use spacers. Learn more about installing our floating floors.
The empty room
You enter another room. In a shaky voice, you ask “is, is, anybody here?” You move towards the courtyard and encounter a pane of glass caked with dirt. Planks nearest to the glass have taken a dome-like shape, so you feel as if you’re walking on eggshells. You look up. You look down. You turn your head quickly, screaming, “Where is everybody?”
There is no turning back from here. In a shaky voice, knees knocking, you call out, looking upwards towards the dark void at the top of the stairs “is, is, anybody there?” Searching for the distant voice that calls back, you move towards the only source of light visible, the full moon through an open window, shattered glass near the base-boards. The cool night air whispers through the window with the moonlight – only to reveal the planks nearest to the glass have taken a dome-like shape… its finish dull, and its pattern and shade washed-out and its clip system shattered – because the flooring hasn’t been protected from the harsh daylight that comes through year-round.
Not enough adhesion or poor glue transfer led to this issue. If the glue is not activated the planks can shift, mostly from exposure to the sun’s heat for long periods. To prevent this, apply glue and press it down using a 75-100 lb. roller to pressure-activate the glue.
The panic room
You want out! You attempt to escape through the sharded glass but its gnarled fangs resist you, and the height from this level within the mansion to the ground below is far too great to risk. Backing away, you notice the wooden louvers look broken, beaten and battered, as if wood could rust. The planks beneath suffered the same fate, having curled and lifted. Like the manor itself, the flooring is a far cry from its former glory – having been faded and distraught by neglect.
What most likely caused the trouble was prolonged exposure to direct sunlight. You can see faded planks near a window or near a sliding glass patio door. As a preventive measure, use window covers to block out the sun during peak daytime. Choose window blinds, curtains or window tint.
A climate of terror
Inside the barren manor, an icy presence pierces through the fog in the chills of the moon-lit night. You’re frozen in fear. A spirit emerging from the poorly installed floorboards meets your horrified gaze with a solemn warning, saying “I am the ghost of flooring past. Turn back from these installation mistakes and improper maintenance standards, lest your fate become worse than my own.” Vaporizing into the night, the spirit beckons forth a new direction previously unseen, as if to lead you.
Such an eerie sight came from expansion and contraction linked to an environment not temperature controlled. To avoid it, keep the indoor temperature between 65 F and 95 F. That’s the ideal range.
The rolling room
You hesitantly enter the room where you see a coroner’s cart, upon which lies a mummified skeleton chained to its very surface. There’s a hole where the heart used to be. Could this be the same heart as seen beneath the floorboards before? Was it trying to warn me about something? Searching for answers, you peer down under the wheels of this cart and other heavy equipment. The planks appear chipped and broken – battered. The clips of the floating floor are exposed revealing the splintered effects of rolling loads atop this flooring installation type.
Rolling loads can lead to these grim results in floating floors. Since the plank is not attached, it flexes when wheels roll over it, leading to a break. To avoid this, never cart heavy loads over the flooring.
The school room
Out of breath, you plop yourself down on a chair, part of a dining table longer than a city bus. It’s ornate style faded from neglect. “The ghost! The heart! The body! The house! Even the flooring itself! They’re all trying to warn me!” you exclaim, enlightened by their shocking displays.
Only now do you realize, having made it this far, that should you ever truly escape the alarming fate of these horrifying states of flooring – a nightmare from which some never escape – you must learn from the mistakes of the path by which others have fallen – and this path has one iron rule: Always follow the Urban Surfaces flooring installation guidelines… or this spooky fate might become… a reality.
Avoid being spooked by flooring issues
Is a house with flooring issues haunted? Could be. One thing is for sure. Those issues can be avoided. All it takes is preventive measures by the property manager, the installers and end-users.
Owners Or Property Managers
As the driver of the project, you set the stage for a successful flooring installation. It’s on you. Tell installers how high you want to set the bar, so they won’t be tempted to take shortcuts, especially to meet the deadline, which could come back to haunt you. Don’t stop there. Give end-users a list of dos and don’ts for using and maintaining vinyl flooring.
Installers
No project should begin without first grasping the installation guidelines for the flooring product. Seasoned pros know this. Rookies should learn this. If those guidelines call for special tools, additional time, or more materials, then installers should ask for the resources needed. Oh, does that spook you? It shouldn’t. Invest now for better results down the road.
Residents Or End-users
How well the flooring performs year in and year out hinges on residents. Since most may not know how to maintain vinyl flooring, inform them. Hand them a maintenance guide. It is in their best interest afterall, since they are the ones living on the floor.
Overcoming spooky flooring issues
Vinyl flooring makes any space a thing of beauty. But, things can go wrong without communication among the property manager, the installer and the end-user, all which form a triangle. How well the flooring will perform, look and last will depend on each one. Keep the lines of communication open and your next flooring project will be a treat. Instead of facing flooring issues that can make you scream in horror, you’ll see a good return on investment. That’ll make you shout with joy.
-Sharp has uncovered another sort of display panel that can be made into any shape instead of the conventional rectangular outline, it reported recently. These days a display panel is a must for your car to sync in with your music system and provides you a mini TV kind of experience on the go. To fulfill this goal Sharp’s this step will prove a boon. And not just an aid to your car but it can also be used to provide customized home automation experience and will completely change the way we have interacted with display screen, providing a much more futuristic look and feel at the same time.
The new sort of presentation display panel is called a “Free-Form” show and does not have to take a rectangular shape as a result of the way the drive circuit is scattered all through the showcase zone, rather than around the bezel. Sharp clarified: “Routine showcases are rectangular in light of the fact that they oblige a negligible width for the bezel with a specific end goal to suit the drive circuit, called the entryway driver, around the edge of the screen’s presentation range. With the Free-Form Display, the entryway driver’s capacity is scattered all through the pixels on the presentation region. This permits the bezel to be contract extensively, and it gives the option to outline the LCD to match whatever shape the showcase territory of the screen needs to be.”
Sharp’s new screen uses its IGZO engineering and exclusive circuit strategies, which could flag another wave of LCD outline. Sharp clarified that the innovation could be utilized as a solitary instrument board on an auto dashboard that consolidates the speedometer and different screens. Wearables and round cell phones could likewise profit as well.
Gadgets that aren’t limited by the rectangular shape, however require a LCD screen, will have the capacity to use this engineering. Sharp is trusting that evacuating the confinement of a specific shape will start new thoughts in presentation outline and introduce another era of gadgets. There is no data on a dispatch date, yet Sharp said that it expects to begin mass-creating the innovation “at the soonest date conceivable”.
Sharp joins Nokia, LG and Samsung in the quest for whimsical presentations. LG has been dealing with another showcase since a year ago, Samsung demoed its bended screen innovation at CES recently and Nokia as of late divulged its new foldable presentation engineering. Nokia’s apathetic declaration, at the Society for Information Display gathering, two weeks prior saw it reveal new collapsing showcase engineering that can be collapsed inside a great 2mm range.
It has evidently become clear that the phones of the future will be far from the rectangular slab they are today. Even it is speculated that your automobile may receive a supplement of these shape shifted screens to provide you an entirely different experience and enhance the efficiency and handsome quotient of your drive.
Related Posts/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/31669391/20140223_ads_ss1_470.0.jpg)
For Willie Snead IV, the NFL runs in the blood. Well, it's the New York Jets, so you know, sort of.
Snead hopes to hear his name called May 8th through 10th at Radio City Music Hall in New York City where the NFL will welcome a crop of newcomers. Snead's father was drafted by the New York Jets in 1989 following a collegiate career at Florida and Virginia. Snead III played two seasons with the Jets and Houston Oilers, as well as tenures in the World Football League and Canadian Football League.
Now it's the time for number IV, who leaves Ball State a year early, after shattering Cardinal receiving records. Snead exits Muncie as one of only two receivers in school history to record back-to-back 1,000 yard receiving seasons. His 2,991 receiving yards ranks third all time in Ball State history.
Snead also logged thirteen 100 yard receiving games in a Cardinal uniform, tops in school history. His 26 touchdown catches are third all time. Snead torched MAC secondaries for better than 1,500 yards in 2013-14, the highest single season total in the history of Ball State football.
The accolades rolled in for Snead following his effort this past season. The Belle Glade, Fla. product, who was named Michigan Division 5-6 Player of the Year at Muskegon Heights High School as a quarterback, was a Biletnikoff Award semifinalist in both 2012 and 2013. In both years Snead was selected to the All-MAC First Team, and last season he was named as a Sports Illustrated Honorable Mention All-American.
So I'm going to save you some time. Be prepared to hear this word often as the NFL Draft grows closer and closer. "Sleeper." Sleeper is the word that "experts" use instead of "I don't know." The numbers are not debatable. They stack up not just in the MAC, but in all of the nation.
Some will point to the level of competition in the MAC. As someone who watched every snap of every Ball State football game a year ago, let me tell you, Snead made catches that would dazzle in every conference. He has the ability to catch the uncatchable, and has a nose for the endzone. Stepping off my soapbox.
People aren't always interested in such analysis though, they want to hear about overrated statistics like 40 time. Well draft combine nerds, here you go. Snead ran a pedestrian 4.62 at the NFL Combine in Indianapolis, then shaved that time considerably, clocking a 4.51 at his Pro Day.
So where to? Let's stir the pot.
Good morning from San Diego— Willie Snead IV (@Willie_Snead4G) April 15, 2014
But then there's this:
@Millz2BeMade training out there n seeing family— Willie Snead IV (@Willie_Snead4G) April 12, 2014
Which is exactly what I would say if I was visiting an NFL team and didn't want to make a big deal about it.
Depending on which mock draft board you prefer, Snead ranks anywhere from 20 to 30th in what is being lauded as a deep draft class for wide receivers. It was risky move for Snead declaring early, but in my completely biased opinion he is definitely worth taking a shot on day three. Just do it Miami.Our Story
Founded in 2020 by a writer-musician duo who share a love for experimental narratives, Magic Mongrel Publishers is committed to publishing the finest literary writing from the South.
Chapter One
In a small town in South India, voices merge, over days and months, across small towns and cities, sounds falling so quietly around literature, inside rooms and tea-shops, hovering around creative impulses and the mundanities of everyday life, on having a room of one’s own, a letter after another turning into a word, stretching into a line, the tapping of words as it stacks into a paragraph, on writers and writing, on music and soundscapes, on the joy of creating and unconventional spaces.
Magic Mongrel grew its roots here, amongst these voices.Designer, writer and mum of two Sammy-Rose Scapens grew up between Tauranga and Christchurch in a wonderfully artistic family, with parents who encouraged individuality and innovation. She was regularly left to her own devices to make up her own games, and a lot of her time was spent with her head in a book, then debating with her parents about what she’d read. All this instilled in her an ability to imagine and think outside of her own small sphere — something she’s very grateful for today. She says books inform all areas of her life and practice, which includes Homewerk — the business she started with her partner Oliver Starr — and the services she provides via Tradespeople’s national directory of women and gender-diverse tradies.
So Sammy, Homewerk sounds pretty interesting — what’s it all about? Homewerk’s a multi-functional building and design practice that creates homes, spaces and furniture that make people feel alive, self-actualised and fab. We aim to help people run their projects in ways that avoid financial strain, and to offer innovative and fun solutions. We’re dedicated to allowing as many people as possible to create spaces that feel good because they’re healthy, functional and aesthetically exciting, and we also have a growing desire to create sustainable and alternative housing solutions.
It encompasses a broad range of projects — how has it evolved? We began Homewerk in lockdown and it’s been a natural evolution of both Oli’s and my personal interests. I often look to companies doing similar things overseas, and offering multiple services seems to work really well for them, whereas in New Zealand, I feel pressure to be very specific about what we do: are we a building or an interior design company, do we make furniture or are we a spatial solutions practice? We decided to be whatever we’re comfortable with and not feel the need to package ourselves in a certain way, so we’re just delivering whatever sparks our interest, primarily within the building and design sector.
Tell us about your new fit-out for the Sea People ice-cream shop in Mt Maunganui… That was such a fun project. The owners had a very distinct vision for what they were trying to achieve, so we were lucky that they let us go wild. My favourite part was custom-making all of the furniture and the beautiful wavy island inside. It was such a pleasure creating something with clients who had zero interest in trying to appeal to a specific audience — they didn’t want to fit in or to be accessible, they just wanted to be interesting and progressive in their approach. I also worked with a range of artisans on that project, which really filled my love tank.
What new projects are on the horizon? We’re working on a range of metal furniture and about to embark on a small series of self-contained artist cabins that act as minor dwellings. This is an exciting long-term project offering beautiful alternative dwellings for people wanting to house more family or earn extra income with rent. I think in future we’ll see Homewerk come out with more long-term projects and solutions to the housing issues in New Zealand.
What makes you hopeful in these strange times? I’m a natural optimist, a big-time “Yes!” woman, a real cup- half-full person, so to be honest I feel endlessly hopeful all the time. I’m trying my hardest to raise our kids as aware, kind, passionate people who’ll do everything they can to make the world a better, more accountable place, and that’s all I can really do, while showing them how to take care of the planet; how to notice and feel the seasons; how to sharpen a knife, build a pot, write a story; how to be really alive in themselves and reflective in their interiority.
What else would you do if you weren’t doing what you’re doing? If I could do anything else, I’d run an alternative school. I’d like to see myself as a principal! And to see our education system become more progressive, allowing children and young adults to be fully themselves. Or maybe I’d run an organic orchard in Northland, or be a wool spinner in Central Otago…
Is there anything else we should know about you? Well, I mean, it’s hard to shut me up, so you could always find out more!
homewerk.co.nz; tradespeople.co
Interview Emma Kanuik
Photography Claire MossongHello and Welcome!
I decided to lay out this “About” page as more of an “Inspirational Story”,
to give you a glimpse of my “own” personal journey to success.
From the early days, to finding my way into Matchbox20 and eventually founding Creationville.
Mostly, I want you all to know we are not very different from each other.
We might take different paths, but ultimately, we all grew up with a passion, developed a plan and hopefully find a way to success, self-fulfillment and peace in the decisions we make along the way.
It’s ALL do-able….just takes some planning and a lot of hard work.
If Success were easy, we’d ALL be Successful.
Let’s work!
We got this!
— Adam
The Beginning:
Born in Manhattan NY, I was always into music at a young age.
At around 11 years old, I stole (borrowed) my sister’s guitar and took free classes at my local grade school….(Mostly because she was getting too much attention around the house playing to our family.)
= ))
As a teen, I was driving my friends crazy in the car, singing backgrounds to other artist's music and pretending I was part of their band!
But at some point, early on….I realized this was the THING I was excelling at and from there… it was all about finding MY PATH to success.
The Development:
Living in South Florida, I played music all through High School, and was in a few small bands….but mostly played by myself, for my heart and wrote songs about being alone, being in love….it was super intense back then. Eventually, I went to North Texas State University (University of North Texas Today) to study music and mostly not be left at home while all my “book smart” friends went to fine school across the country.
I was NOT a very good student and struggled a lot with learning, as mostly I was just a hyper creative and rarely could settle my mind enough to focus on school work.
I do NOT, however, condone giving an excuse for being a poor student. I think "education", at any level, is an ESSENTIAL building block for success. Knowing you can be disciplined and accomplish basic things like school is paramount. I was EXTREMELY lucky to get my eventual break. But I think, overall, "continuing" education is up to the individual, their families and your OWN personal goals. I think it IS rather good to have a back-up plan....but it's equally important to give your DREAMS....every chance and opportunity you can.
But you need to make money to survive until you do.
The Studio:
After a brief year of struggling scholastically in college….I decided to come home and “get a job.” I had some AMAZING odd jobs….managing a video store. Yes, VHS, all the way!
I was a producer for a Sports Information company. Most of you don’t know I’m a sports JUNKIE! And eventually I was reaching the age where I knew the next thing I did had to be related to my ultimate dream of being a successful “singer/songwriter". (Which was my ORIGINAL goal.)
So I was making music with a buddy and he was an assistant at the world famous “Criteria Recording Studio” back in the late 80’s. It’s the place Clapton did “Layla" and James Brown did “I feel good” and basically ANYONE who was ANYONE would go to Florida and record. I asked my friend if maybe he could get me an interview to get a job there. So I met with the Studio Manager and they said they didn’t have anything right then.
Weeks later, they called me and said the only thing available was being a night receptionist.
I thought about it for a day….and was like: “I need to find a way, to put myself in front of the most talented people that came through South Florida, where I lived at the time.
And I was also able to hone my craft, record in my down time and ultimately, it was the best decision I ever made!
Even though it took EIGHT very long and tedious years of being nearly 30 years old and STILL being the highest paid receptionist in Criteria HISTORY, I had more life lessons THERE, than most of my life strung together.
I'll never forget, week before my big break....The ONLY time, in my life, I had ANY self-doubt, 8 years after starting at the studio, I was 30 years old and thought I was having a nervous breakdown not being "well-off" in music yet and still answering phones....and I'll never forget my Mom, on the phone, saying: "Adam, you don't want to give up on your dreams "today", and turn 50 years old and wonder why you didn't try a little longer."
All these years later....I'm so grateful to her.
She was very right.
Because a few months later the singer of Collective Soul asked to hear my Demo "cassette"….then the Producer of the band heard it and wanted to know if I wanted to meet a few guys that he was putting together in Orlando to form a new band…..those people were Rob Thomas, Paul Doucette and Brian Yale, eventually my new bandmates…and after we discovered Kyle Cook in Atlanta, we all, together, became Matchbox 20.
(That’s the super short version….but the idea was…sometimes you have to be “humble” and accept something you may not think EXACTLY fits you….putting yourself at the right place at the right time is SO important. You just have to find a way to get INTO the building. If your talented...people will recognize you.
I paid my dues...made it fun...and eventually it all paid off, by having me realize my very first dream!!!!
The Band:
Look, this is the place I could talk for hours. But basically, what it’s like to be in a band is…it’s like having 4 brothers….you love each other, sometimes you hate each other, but mostly you care about a common cause. For us, it was music….and of course each band member has their own perspective on their time in the band. Mine was both wonderful and sometimes not so, but at the end of the day, I’m beyond proud of what we achieved as a group.
I ultimately, got to live my very first dream. And I worked very hard to make it happen and adjusted along the way.
Here’s the stats sheet I usually include in my bio to sum up some of the accomplishments during my days in Matchbox Twenty.
“According to Billboard Magazine, for almost 10 years, Matchbox20 was one of the top 3 bands on radio. From 1996 to 2004, Matchbox 20 sold in excess of 25 million records, and played thousands of shows to millions of fans around the globe. The band also received three GRAMMY nominations, two American Music Award Nods, Earned a People’s Choice Award and was named Rolling Stone Magazine’s Band of Year in 1998.”
Not bad for a guy that was answering phones until he was almost 30 years old!
= ))
Creationville:
After making 3 records, for almost a decade in the band, my time there was done and I was so proud of reaching my first “true intention”. But I had a lot of other dreams I wanted to accomplish so I started messing around with photo-shop, making weird and lovable “creatures and characters", started with ONE illustrator and eventually, in 2008, I incorporated “Creationville, Inc.”
Which started as a Multi-Media Content creative studio that shot some Reality Sizzles, Animation Shorts and even manufactured some Plush Toys, like Edgar Pingleton.
So while I was building the company, I had always been “advising” friends. Helping other colleagues focus their business plans and construct a “Do-able” mission statement to reach THEIR own dreams.
And after years and years of doing this, I thought….”There HAS to be a better way to be able to inspire and teach more people at the same time...present small lessons and tricks that “I” used to be successful….to the masses.
And just last year, we started to film: “Creationville:"
The Video Podcast Series.
(Vodcast, as I like to call it)
The Present And
The Future:
So right now we’re focusing on the “Vodcast Series” show and hoping it inspires OTHER people to better their lives, learn something, smile and WORK towards their goals and own personal creative success stories.
I'm grateful and proud of what we’ve built here at Creationville….from all the Content, Animation and now, serving our audience….I’m truly excited and blessed to be on this ride….with all of you!
Let’s do this!
“Together”
-Adam
Paint Booth Fire Suppression Systems in Nashville, TN
Installation, Inspection & Repair
If you own a paint booth for your spray paint or auto body operation, your work environment is full of highly flammable liquids. In an area constantly exposed to fumes, chemicals, spills, and leaks, fire is always a threat. How protected are your employees, customers, and property from the threat of a fire?
At State Systems Inc., we offer paint booth fire suppression system installation, inspection, and maintenance services for commercial spray paint booths and auto body shops throughout the Nashville area. Call us today or contact us online to request service or schedule an estimate.
Paint Booth Fire Suppression System Installation in Nashville
The MONARCH Pre-Engineered Dry Chemical System
For Nashville spray paint shops and auto body shops, we recommend the MONARCH Pre-Engineered Dry Chemical System—the industrial-strength leader for spray paint booth and auto body applications.
The paint contamination – Available in a number of sizes, the experts at State Systems Inc. can help you decide how much agent you need to protect your auto body shop or spray paint booth.
Call us at 901-531-6550 or contact us online to learn more about the MONARCH system or to have one installed in your Mid-South auto body shop or spray paint booth.
Amerex Industrial Fire Suppression System
We are also proud to offer the Amerex line of fire suppression systems including their Industrial Fire Suppression System. This system is designed specifically with vehicle paint spray booths and other industrial applications in mind.
Schedule Fire Suppression Service for Your Nashville Spray Paint or Automotive Shop
In addition to installation, State Systems Inc. also offers inspection and maintenance services for your automotive or spray paint shop’s current fire suppression system.
Contact our Nashville Office to schedule service or request an estimate.What is the master ID and what do I need it for?
If you order a new package, STRATO offers you the option of using technical services like FTP, email and much more just a few hours after your order. You can already start uploading your web content even before your domain is connected.
In order to use the services before your domain is connected, you will need your master ID.The master ID will be sent to your email by STRATO as soon as you have activated your package.
You can also find it any time in the password-protected STRATO customer service area under the Your Package menu items. What is the master password and what is it needed for?Doctors join forces against pharmacy jabs
17th April 2015
Australia’s peak doctors’ organisations have joined forces to reject the expansion of pharmacy services.
United General Practice Australia (UGPA) maintains that while integrating clinical pharmacists into primary healthcare has merit, pharmacies are not the appropriate setting for the administration of vaccines.
General practice must remain at the centre of any vaccination program, the group states.
The UGPA includes the AMA, Royal Australian College of General Practitioners and the Rural DoctorsBELL – The state Attorney General’s Office today subpoenaed hundreds of employment, salary and other records from the city of Bell today as part of an investigation into the hefty salaries being paid to top administrators and elected officials.
The action came just hours before the Bell City Council was expected to vote on whether to lower the salaries of the mayor and council members.
The southeast Los Angeles community of about 37,000 modest-income residents has been in an uproar since the Los Angeles Times reported that Bell Chief Administrative Officer Robert Rizzo was earning nearly $800,000 a year, police Chief Randy Adams $457,000 and Assistant City Manager Angela $376,288.
Following a City Council closed session last week, during which hundreds of angry residents showed up, all three resigned, but they are still eligible for retirement pensions that will pay them hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. On Sunday, hundreds of residents marched to the homes of City Council members demanding that they resign or cut their own hefty salaries by 90 percent.
State Attorney General Jerry Brown began an investigation last week into whether the salaries are legal, and is looking into legislation to stop officials in other cities from inflating their pay.
, and today’s subpoenas are an important step in that process.”
Brown said he was demanding that the city provide the documents he is requesting within 48 hours.
Sunday’s march, organized by the Bell Association to Stop the Abuse, stopped at the home and business of Mayor Oscar Hernandez and the homes of three other council members — Luis Artiga, Teresa Jacobo and George Mirabal — who are paid about $100,000 a year for part-time positions.
The fifth council member, Lorenzo Velez, said he is paid about $310 every two weeks as a result of his council job.
Police said the crowd was larger than 200 people. Some of the marchers wore T-shirts with the words, “My city is more corrupt than your city.”
Chanting “resign now” and carrying various signs, the protesters also stopped at the site of a closed Chevrolet dealership that until recently had been one of the largest sales tax sources in the city.
The group also passed out 10,000 fliers to other residents, letting them know about tonight’s City Council meeting at 6 p.m. at the Bell Community Center.Mr. Ball is a Senior Project Civil/Geotechnical and Materials Engineer in the Atlanta, Georgia office. He performs forensic investigations and evaluations of soils, foundations, building structures, and construction materials to determine the extent or cause of the distress and/or damage. He provides evaluation and engineering consultation for foundations, settlement, earthen structures and fill masses, Portland cement concrete, masonry, pavements, and construction-related issues. Prior to joining S-E-A, Mr. Ball was a geotechnical and materials engineer, and he has extensive knowledge of subsurface explorations, earthwork and grading, building construction, and construction materials testing/evaluation. He received his Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is an ICC Commercial Building Inspector, a Level IB Erosion Control Inspector, and a member of the local and international Chapters of the American Concrete Institute (ACI). He is also an Associate Member of ACI Committee 302 (Construction of Concrete Floors), and an Associate Member of ACI Committee 311 (Inspection of Concrete).
Atlanta
3305 Breckinridge Blvd.
Suite 126
Duluth, GA 30096
(770) 638-8300
(800) 743-7672- Open FlyBridge with Full Electronics and Controls, Overhead Mast Incorporating SAT Communications, Horn, Navigation Lights
- Exiting Aft and Down to the Boat Deck w Circular Settee, P/S Life Rafts, P/S Jet Skis 300hp each, 17' Zodiac w 60hp OB, Davit Hoist
- Forward is Pilothouse entered by P/S Sliding Doors and Aft is Formal Dining Room
- P&S Sliding Doors lead to Portuguese Walkway in front of Pilot House
- Foredeck w/ Watertight Hatch to Chain Locker, Dual Windlass, Escape Hatch from Forward Stateroom
- Jacuzzi Tub on Foredeck w/ Sun Pad. Sun Pad Removes and Mounts to Bow Railing when Jacuzzi in use.
- (7) Rod holders
- Side Decks are Full Walk-Around behind High Bulwarks
- VIP / Master Stateroom Forward w/ Ensuite Head w/ Steam / Shower and Full Entertainment Electronics
- Moving up and Aft is the VIP / Master Lounge on Main Deck
- Moving down Stairway from Salon are Six Staterooms w/ Head and Shower Ensuite and Full Entertainment Electronics
- Aft of the Staterooms is Utility Closet and Stand Up Freezer
- Entering a Watertight Door on the Swim Platform is Crew Quarters to Port and Head and Shower to Starboard
- Electrical Panels in Passageway to Machinery Door
- Two Maxwell Windlass
- Laid Teak in Windlass Area
- Two Chain Stoppers
- Two Fulford 180kg Anchors
- Two 300' Anchor Chain
- Watertight Door to Chain Locker
- Jacuzzi (900 gallon) w Sun Pad, Removable Sun Pad Mounts on Bow
- Located above Cockpit
- Wet Bar to Port, w/ Sink and Refrigeration
- Two Settees w/ Tables
- Rod Holders
- Teak Aft Deck Cockpit leading to Swim Platform
- Teak Swim Platform w/ SS Removable Rails
- Salt and Fresh Water Wash Down
- Watertight Door to Crew Quarters and Machinery Room
- Lazarette Hatch to Steering Rams and Rudder Glands
- Bulbous Bow to Reduce Fuel Consumption
- Bulbous Bow to Increase Speed
- Naiad Stabilizers
- Naiad Bow and Stern Thrusters
- Access from Aft Cockpit Watertight Door
- Caterpillar C18 ACERT (Two)
- 1,000 Horsepower
- Hours P & S 4,500
- ZF 550A Transmissions
- Cruise Speed 10-12 kts WOT 16 kts
- (2) Northern Lights Generators 60kw & 45kw
- Port 5,709 Hours 45Kw
- Starboard 6,917 Hours 65Kw
- Back up 16Kw
- Naiad Stabilizers
- Naiad Bow & Stern Thrusters
- Sea Chests Strainers
- Racor 1000 Fuel Filters
- Magna Battery Charger
- Sea Recovery 1800 Watermaker
- New Chillers for Air Conditioning
- Underwater Lights Multi-Color
- Three Fuel Tanks Aluminum 2,800 Gallons Total
- Day Head Aft
- Windows P/S
- Full Levolor Shades
- 60" Flat Screen
- Full Bar Forward w/ Bar Stools
- Settee in Center
- Two Large Sofas
- Ottomans
- Country Kitchen
- Dishwasher
- Viking 5-Burner Stove
- Two GE Profile Ovens
- Two GE Profile Refrigerators / Freezers
- LG Microwave
- Viking Ice Maker
- Center Island Bar
- SS Sinks w/ Disposer
- Teak and Holly Sole
- Access from Media Room
- Island Queen
- New Carpet
- Flat Screen
- Large Head and Vanity w/ Stall Steam Shower
- Media Room w/ Full Entertainment Electronics and 67" Flat Screen
- Two Sofas, New Carpeting
- Ships Sound System
- 25,000 Watts Sound System
- Custom Sub-Woofers, 54 Speakers, 12 Flat Screens, Networked to Multi-color Underwater Lights and Camera
- Queen Island Berths
- Head and Vanity w/ Stall Shower
- Flat Screens and Entertainment Electronics
- Over & Under Bunks
- Head and Vanity w/ Stall Shower
- Flat Screens and Entertainment Electronics
- Located Upper Deck
- Danforth Constellation Compass
- Navigation Systems Furuno Nav Net
- GPS Furuno & Raymarine
- Chart Plotter Furuno
- Video Sounder Furuno
- Radar 2 Furuno
- VHF Two ICOM M602
- Auto Pilot Raymarine ST8002
- Speed / Depth Raymarine ST60
- Engine Controls Kobelt
- Stabilizer Controls
- Bow and Stern Thruster Control
- Pompanette Helm Chair
- Located Upper Deck
- Danforth Constellation Compass
- Navigation Systems Furuno Nav Net
- GPS Furuno & Raymarine
- Chart Plotter Furuno
- Video Sounder Furuno
- Radar 2 Furuno
- VHF ICOM M602
- Auto Pilot Raymarine ST8002
- Speed / Depth Raymarine ST60
- Engine Controls Kobelt
- Stabilizer Controls
- Bow and Stern Thruster Control
LIQUIDITY was rebuilt as new and relaunched in 2010. She has a very high quality interior joinery with a spacious layout for entertaining families and large groups.
The aft cockpit gives excellent access to all water sports including fishing and diving.
This yacht offers tremendous value and competes with yachts for quality, accommodations and layout at over twice the price.
Schedule an appointment and see for yourself.Starting A First Aid Training Business
My company is called VT SafeyNet Inc and I teach the Associations BLS and all Heartsaver courses including Heartsaver First Aid CPR AED and Bloodborne Pathogens. This means you can start a business that trains instructors who work in corporate or school settings or health care industries.
Have You Ever Thought About Starting A Cpr Nurse Business What Would It Involve How Much Would It Cost How Much Nurse Entrepreneur Best Nursing Jobs Nurse
Join millions of learners from around the world already learning on Udemy.
Starting a first aid training business. Advanced First Aid is the business that specializes in training people to perform basic first aid actions. Ensure that you have current first aid practitioner and CPR instructor certifications. Learn about the day-to-day activities of a first aid training business owner the typical target market growth potential startup costs legal considerations and more.
Join millions of learners from around the world already learning on Udemy. Ad Learn First Aid online at your own pace. Become trained and certified.
Ad Organize for innovation and position your business for growth. Start today and improve your skills. Ad Learn First Aid online at your own pace.
First aid safety businesses typically teach and certify others in first aid and CPR. CPR training can be audience-specific. In the second of the series of blogs on starting a first aid training business were going to look at each of the steps from our first blog 5 Steps to Starting a First Aid Training Business in more detail and expand on the points raised in it.
Starting a First Aid Training Business Get Qualified. It is for professionals who have the experience and expertise to train people on how to successfully carry out Cardiopulmonary resuscitation CPR and other first aids during emergency. Learn online from the leaders in business education at Harvard Business School Online.
Learn online from the leaders in business education at Harvard Business School Online. Hopefully this will help you as an aspirant first aid trainer get your head around. The name also communicates that customers can expect an advanced service performed by experts in the field.
Top 10 Tips for Starting a First Aid Training Business Taking the plunge and starting your own small business can be daunting and exciting all at the same time. Start today and improve your skills. If you are looking to do the bare minimum for your own personal training become a certified first aid.
Ad Organize for innovation and position your business for growth. It is good to mention that starting a standard Cardiopulmonary resuscitation CPR training business is not for rookies. Our guide on starting a first aid training business covers all the essential information to help you decide if this business is a good match for you.
Starting a first aid training business requires professionalism and good grasp of the skills you want to teach people. Here at ITC were often asked by new Centres how they go about starting up their business and this post provides a few ideas of considerations to be made prior to completing a Centre. Create a marketing plan with strategies on how to get clients.
Its a very brandable and sound name which is a very important aspect in naming a first aid company. I designed and printed my business cards and mailed them to local doctor and dentist offices that had smaller staffs which meant they were likely to not have internal training. Some options include offering a free 30-minute training session or evaluation attend fitness fairs and YouTube videos showing a specific fitness move.
To be able to train others though you must first be certified to do so. Learn about the day-to-day activities of a first aid training business owner the typical target market growth potential startup costs legal considerations and more. Update your first aid and CPR certifications.
Write a business plan outlining the details of your business your target market and how youll finance your business. Besides you would need to get the required certifications and license accreditation and also meet the standard for such business before you can be allowed to start a standard first aid training business in the United States. Our guide on how to start a first aid training business covers all the essential information to help you decide if this business is a good match for you.
At Attentive Safety Cpr And Safety Training We Provide Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Cpr And First Aid Training For Cpr Training Cpr Classes Safety Training
First Aid Training Cpr By Microgen First Aid Training A 20cardiopulmonary Resuscitation First Aid Course Ad Cpr Tra First Aid Course Cpr Training Cpr
345 Best First Aid Training Company Names Ideas Catchy Names Business Names Names
Cpr Certification Instructor Business Card Design Medical Business Card Cpr Card Small Business Start Up
Pin Di The Journey Of Cardiovascular Nurse
Personal Trainer Certification Nesta How To Become A Personal Trainer Personal Training Business Personal Trainer Certification Personal Training
Silicone Wristbands Cpr Trained C A B 30 2 Cpr Saves Lives Cpr Training Cpr Train
Cpr Training Flyer Templates Cpr Training Cpr First Aid Cpr
Anyone From A Nurse To A Cpr Instructor To A Pharmacist Could Make Use Of This Bold Business Card Featuring A Distinctive Red Cross O Cpr Training Business Cpr
First Aid Cpr Training Flyer Corporate Identity Template Cpr Training First Aid Cpr Cpr
Cpr Marketing Packages Cpr Training Cpr Small Business Start Up
Cpr Customizable Business Cards My Custom Software Cpr Card Cpr Unusual Business Card
Firstaid4u Ca Is Ontario S 1 First Aid Cpr Training Partner With More Location Across Ontario To Serve You Bet Cpr Training First Aid Cpr Standard First Aid
Cpr First Aid Education Class Business Card Cpr Classes Small Business Start Up Cpr
Mom For All Seasons First Aid Course Online Education Online Training
First Aid Pro Needed To Establish A Brand Website And Necessary Marketing Collateral We Came To The Party And Marketing Collateral Business Online Marketing
Cpr Instructor Business Cards Cpr Small Business Start Up Cpr Instructions
First Aid Medical Shopify Theme 74701 Templatemonster Shopify Theme Shopify Templates First Aid
0 Response to "Starting A First Aid Training Business"Project aim:
Organising short food supply chains in a context of a seafront and high seasonal tourist numbers: we had taken the measure of the stakes during a first project with CARA in Royan in 2017/2018. At the time, several objectives were identified to promote short food supply chains. In particular, we designed an action plan to structure the supply chains and satisfy demand with a strategic axis entitled "Encourage the creation of logistics partnerships between local players".
For the period 2018-2020, we conducted a study in the continuity of the previous one in order to find operational solutions to optimise logistics flows and thus facilitate the matching of supply and demand for local products in the territory.
Activities of ECOZEPT:
We carried out an assessment of logistics flows, current and potential partnerships and the needs of producers and suppliers, and then conducted a feasibility study for the logistics scenario selected (business plan, organisational, legal and financial model). We laid all the foundations for the deployment of a shared logistics solution between producers based on a territorial consultation.
Client:
Communauté d'Agglomération Loire Atlantique (CARA) merlot that surprises in the mouth for what it does on the nose, this wine starts off with notes of eucalyptus, mint and raspberry in the glass and leads to a palate of dried herbs, cigar box, chocolate mixed red berries and leather. There’s a slight saline note to this wine that makes it a great candidate for pairing, with everything from a fatty steak to a simple dark chocolate.
200 cases made
Drinking window: Upon release - 6 years
2018
100% Merlot%October 26, 2018
Reckless on stage, inexhaustible creative force in the studio: Frank Carter
While Dynaudio Unheard was running smoothly down at KærligHeden, the Dynaudio Audio Academy podcast snuck into the main festival area to meet one of British punk rock's more influential characters: Frank Carter.
Frank Carter lives and breathes his music and has a reactive approach to life, which makes him reckless on stage and an inexhaustible creative force in the studio. Listen in as we Frank Carter reflects on his careers and how he reinvents himself.DIOLITE LASER REDUCES SKIN IMPERFECTIONS
Rocky Mountain Laser Aesthetics expertly uses the Diolite laser to remove dark spots on the skin, spots caused by sun damage, cherry angiomas, sebaceous hyperplasia, small moles and reduces small capillaries. The laser lightens skin spots to leave the skin looking healthy.
Gentle light pulses target pigment imperfections to erase age spots, freckles, sun damage, redness and enlarged pores. Results can be seen after just one treatment, however usually a series of two to five is needed to completely correct imperfections.
About the diolite laser
The diolite laser delivers an intense beam of light that can help treat various pigment specific spots. The laser delivers an exuberant energy through a small hand piece that looks similar to a pen. The lasers energy is then absorbed by blood vessels as well as melanin causing destruction to these spots without damaging the healthy cells around it. The most common uses for treatment with the diolite are Telangectasia's, such as small veins around the nose area or cheeks, cherry angioma's; tiny red spots, flat moles and sebaceous hyperplasia which is an enlarged gland that causes a yellowish build up. This treatment has no downtime and it usually achievable in five to ten minutes.November 21, 2017
Six years ago, the Federal Communications Commission adopted an order designed to harmonize the regulated rates paid by various telecom providers to attach equipment to utility poles. Unfortunately, that effort hasn’t worked out as well as the agency had hoped. In fact, USTelecom recently surveyed a broad range of our members about the pole attachment rates they pay to investor owned utilities (IOUs) and found that the rates charged to incumbent local exchange carriers (ILECs) have increased even as the pole attachment rates charged by ILECs to competitive carriers and cable companies have significantly decreased.
In a filing submitted to the FCC today, USTelecom provided the agency with a detailed analysis of a recent survey of its members. The filing shows that the “wide disparity in pole rental rates,” that the FCC recognized as a barrier to broadband deployment in 2011 has unfortunately only widened. For example, on average, ILECs surveyed in the 2017 USTelecom Survey pay. These findings clearly demonstrate that the Commission’s 2011 Pole Attachment Order has not achieved its desired goal of ensuring just and reasonable pole attachment rates for ILECs.
The results of the 2017 USTelecom Survey show that the Commission should expeditiously move forward with its proposal to create a presumption that ILECs are entitled to competitively neutral rates when attaching to investor-owned utility (IOU) poles.
The survey also showed that the imbalance between the number of IOU poles to which ILECs attach verses the number of ILEC poles to which IOUs attach. This imbalance gives ILECs inadequate bargaining power with IOU pole owners to obtain just and reasonable pole attachment rates. In the 46 states surveyed, USTelecom’s data show that for every ILEC pole to which IOUs attach, ILECs attach to three IOU poles (i.e., ILECs attach to approximately 13.9 million IOU poles, whereas IOUs attach to only 4.6 million ILEC poles). With ILECs needing to attach to so many more IOU poles than the reverse, bargaining power is heavily skewed to the IOUs.
Despite the fact that electric utility attachments occupy well over five times the average amount of space occupied by ILEC attachments, IOUs pay nearly the same rates on average. Thus, ILECs paid aggregate pole attachment rates of approximately $351.8 million to IOUs in 46 states but received only $125.8 million from IOUs.
The survey also illustrates the troubling decision by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) that could significantly undermine the important federal policy goals of accelerating and promoting broadband deployment. Specifically, TVA’s decision to adopt a resolution that substantially increases pole attachment rates charged by electric cooperatives will exacerbate an already challenging rate structure for broadband providers operating in TVA states. What is even more problematic is that the TVA’s service territory – covering seven states – largely covers rural areas of the country where the need to deploy broadband is greatest.
In all but one TVA state, the rates charged by cooperatives for ILEC attachments exceed the national average cooperative rate of $21.05, and in four TVA states, the rates charged by cooperatives significantly exceed the national average of $25.23 charged by IOUs to ILEC attachers. TVA’s decision will increase pole attachment rates to an average of $30, involving more than 150 rural electric cooperatives covering more than 9 million consumers. Given the location of electric cooperatives, the TVA’s unilateral decision will have a particularly acute impact on rural consumers.
Despite the well-intentioned goals of the Commission’s 2011 Pole Attachment Order, USTelecom’s survey shows that the agency’s goal of greater rate harmonization has not been achieved. Consequently, USTelecom believes the FCC should expeditiously move forward with its proposal to institute a presumptive just and reasonable rate formula for ILEC attachers. enthusiast who is passionate about music and who is a “people person”. There are many DJ businesses that are quite profitable, and with this type of business, you don’t need to dedicate yourself to it full time. Most businesses are part time “gigs” with most of the work being done at night and on the weekends. This means that you can keep your day job, at least in the beginning, until your company takes off and you can make a living from it. This is a fun venture that has a party atmosphere attached to it, so it appeals to a fun person who likes to party but who has a serious head on his or her shoulders.
What You Will Need
To start a DJ business, you will need some good stereo equipment that is capable of rocking out a packed house, an amplifier, a microphone, a collection of CDS or at least MP3s, a computer, and reliable transportation to haul it all from venue to venue. It is notable that there are some great disc jockey programs out there that you can use to help you present your show more efficiently, so it may be wise to invest in one of those. Some DJ’s also provide their own lighting, although this is optional; if you decide to offer strobe lighting or other special effects, you can obviously charge more for your services.
Getting Started
The DJ business is not for everyone, largely because it takes patience to really establish yourself as a talented disc jockey and keep your calendar booked. Starting out, you can expect to ask for less money than those more experienced, and to perhaps even do some pro bono work for local schools and organizations – just to get yourself out there in the spotlight to show your skills. This is a great way to drum up business in the future by showcasing your talents today.
Attracting Clients
When attracting clients, the aforementioned free services are a big help. But you will want to advertise your business and get some real clients, too. Put up some posters, pass out fliers, print out business cards and distribute them and have your friends and family do the same. Contact different organizations and let them know that you have started a new DJ business, and post some regular ads in your local newspaper under the entertainment section. Take advantage of Craigslist.Org to post ads for free. Don’t overlook establishing a website for your new company to promote your services. This will open the door to a whole world of possible clients for you. Make sure that your website is well equipped with videos of you in action, and that you have a contact form in place so that folks can request you to DJ their events.
Build your brand and get noticed with a professional logo design. Joseph has been helping small businesses build their brands and raise awareness by designing business logo concepts for new start ups on a budget.
source: articlealley.com
This is an awesome article brings back memories. Looking to book the entertainment for your next event visit
PSE Academy () provides a comprehensive, interactive, and practical web-based investor education for market participants, would-be equity investors, and the public in general.
Nice Article there
You are really giving out useful tips for people in search of Home Business Ideas. Well done
Helpful article for those looking to start up a DJ business!
Thanks alot I found this article really interesting as I just started an Event DJ company and take every bit of information good or bad and apply it to things I will do well or things I would avoid thanks.Prioritising style with comfort has become the norm during the pandemic, but one of the most fascinating changes to the fashion industry has been when that comfort becomes style. Once a look only saved for taking out the bins, celebrities and top fashion houses are now sporting socks and sandals in a more unique, chic way and you can too. If you’re unsure about this emerging trend for SS21, read on to discover our do’s and don’ts for wearing socks with sandals….
DO keep your socks matching to your outfit
One way to stop wearing socks with sandals becoming a fashion faux pas is to keep it fashionable wherever you’re headed. Keeping coloured socks tonal with your overall outfit will avoid jarring an outfit and keep things streamlined.
DON’T shy away from bright colours
Making a statement with a new trend is easy when you pick bright and bold colours to catch attention. Check out Sarah Borghi for new-season colour inspiration from candy pinks to pretty pastels as well as red and green for a colour-blocking splash.
DO keep it feminine
Reminiscent of our childhood, it’s becoming incredibly popular to team casual sneakers with a delicate detail sock. Pairing frilled or lace socks or even a glitter thread sock with your trainers is a great way to add an edge to off-duty casual outfits.
DON’T avoid colour clashes
The last year has taught us to team the practical with the pretty and this trend does exactly that. Celebrities from Rhianna to Kendall Jenner have been spotted wearing bright, white ankle sports socks with sandals and leggings proving that you can look chic and keep your ankles warm at the same time.
DO play with proportions
This trend is all about creating mis-matched, eye-catching looks. Trying knee-high socks with sandals is a way to give the illusion of longer legs, or layer over a midi skirt for the impression that you’re wearing tights (plus warmer legs on cooler days).
DON’T just keep it casual
Celebrities are sporting this trend everywhere from dinner dates to the red carpet. Teaming a pretty pair of lace or patterned socks with heels and a gown or mini dress is the perfect way to add fun to a look. While you might not be headed to a grand ball anytime soon, wearing socks with heeled sandals with a printed dress to work or out on the weekend is a great way to dress up this new trend.
Whether you consider it fashion forward or a fashion faux pas, it looks like the socks and sandals trend is here to stay. Shop our wide range of socks now at Luxury Legs to get a head start on the look.This site uses cookies, by continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies...find out more
Talk to a Specialist
Sneakers ER
Ergonomically designed for comfort, breathability and support, the Nike Kids Air Max 270 feature a zoned mesh upper with moulded internal foam, and a Max air unit provides responsive cushioning.
PRO Online Price
£85.00
0
Copyright © 2005-2021 Pro:Direct. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the Pro:Direct Privacy Policy.Here at Sky Group Services, we have over 40 years of experience in the building industry. We specialise in skip bin hire solutions throughout Melbourne, and there is a committed and passionate team ready for you to help you out. With a VBA certification, we are confident in providing top-quality service to you. There is an array of services available, ranging from residential to commercial to renovations. We can help you with skip bin hire, demolition, renovations, and extensions or we can be there for you to provide assistance with vacated cleans, deceased estates, or strip outs.
Along with the building services, we also offer hiring services to help with your jobs, making sure your projects are done more efficiently and conveniently. On top of that, safety is always a priority and we offer the option for you to hire temporary fencing at an industry competitive and fair price.
At Sky Group Services we pride ourselves on offering reputable, reliable, and committed services.
Give us a call today to discuss your next project!- seanliddellwebpage
Cold Water Swimming, Doing something different during Lockdown
#coldwaterswimming#coldwatertherapy#asthma
Well, no vanity or ego here, this is how I look at 6.30am on a cold beach in the North West of England (not as grim as you may think).
I have asthma and another lung condition, it does not stop me doing anything but I used to have to think ahead carefully sometimes.
Some of our most successful Olympic swimmers – including four-time Olympic medallist Rebecca Adlington – are asthmatics and it has never stopped them, what I did not realise was just how radical the change for me would be swimming in cold water, watch the video to see how cold!
I used to use my inhaler about 3/4/5 times a day, since I started cold water swimming and using breathing exercises as advocated by Joel Jelen and #wimhof my use of the inhaler has dropped to about once a week.
Joel Jelen, Breathern is a teacher of the #buteyko method and has told me for some time how it can massively help and reduce the symptoms and now I am experiencing it, I can attest to the power of his breathing training. Not out of breath, bigger lung capacity - at last asthma check, I blew the measuring device to the very top, the nurse said she had never seen that done before.
Could you do some cold water swimming and breathing exercises to help you mentally and physically?32 1 8After you finish the game you unlock 2 secret characters. (I won't spoil who)Instead of playing through the whole game again with one of them you can use a little trick to get this much much quicker. (this requires two controllers)I loaded up my save, picked the "Loiter" option, and made sure to choose one of the secret characters. Now run all the way back to the final boss and use your second controller to select the character you beat the game with. (For me that was Kyoko)Now the secret character is gonna be a much lower level than the character you beat the game with. (For example the secret character was level 5 & my Kyoko was level 23) So you just take the secret character and kind of put him in a corner (doesn't matter if he dies) and with player 2 controlling your beefed up character you beat the final boss and achievement unlocked! Also pops the co-op achievement if you don't already have it. Worked great (but bring some healing items just in case you're bad like I am lol)Posted by Chucklestyle on 23 May 20 at 22:52 You can also run your main character as player one and have 2nd controller join with the secret character on the last hit of the boss.Posted by MXR5150 on 21 Aug 20 at 11:59 worked like a charmPosted by Nit0rin on 09 Jan at 01:35 confirmed what MXR said.Posted by TheOnlyMatto on 12 Jan at 10:39 Just don't accidentally selected New Game +, or the Loiter option will vanish and you'll need to complete the game again.Posted by NegativeCreep08 on 14 Jan at 13:35 MXR’s tip is great. You can also bring the 2nd character in right before the first character dies to revive them, then save and quit on the second player to remove them again. Just bring them back in right before you kill the boss and the achievement pops after the credits.Posted by Tommy Gun CRG on 31 Jan at 11:16 Selected the secret character as 2P, they died during the fight and I still got the achievement.Posted by lccf on 04 Jul at 15:54 Yeah, I can confirm what Iccf said. I had an unlocked charackter selected as player 2 for the co-op achievment and got this one as well.Posted by danbu on 06 Nov at 05:02 Leave a commentThomas Cubitt. William Fawke. 1995. Reigate Road, Dorking, Surrey. Cubitt's house in Dorking, on what is now the Denbies Vineyard, was demolished in 1953, but its owner is commemorated on the main road into the town, by a statue to match the one near his old London works in Pimlico. Looking rather dapper, Cubitt is shown standing on a raised platform behind a partially uncovered stack of bricks, with a brick measure in his hand, as if checking his materials. [Click on the images to enlarge them.]
The wording on the plaque differs from that used in Pimlico, which names him the "developer of Belgravia and Pimlico," and says that "his workshops were close to this site." The Surrey plaque simply reads: "Thomas Cubitt — MasterBuilder. Born 1788 — Died 1855 at 'Denbies,' Dorking. 'A GREAT BUILDER AND A GOOD MAN.'" The tribute is, by all accounts, accurate. Stephen Halliday quotes from one of his obituaries: "to those under him, and holding responsible situations, he was generous and kind, blending his position as master with that of a friend" (qtd. p. 78).
Links to
Halliday, Stephen. Making the Metropolis: Creators of Victorian London. Derby: Breedon, 2003.
Hobhouse, Hermione. "Cubitt, Thomas (1788-1855)." The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Online ed. Web. 15 August 2008.
Created 15 August 2008
Last modified 7 November 2021CBD oil is a supplement that is amazing nevertheless now it’s additionally an increasing industry and therefore means you will find unscrupulous scam-artists wanting to tear down customers, too.
Are there any signs of quality CBD oil which you can use to find out if it is dependable or snake oil?
Regrettably, it is not at all times simple for consumers to ascertain which CBD brands and item claims’ are trustworthy. Utilizing the development in appeal of CBD oil, brand brand new brands and merchants are arriving out each day with promises to supply the finest, top-notch health supplement. But, you will find few laws, if any, to simply help monitor and manage these claims.
We carried out a bit of research that will help you recognize CBD that is high-quality its poor counterparts whenever choosing CBD oil for sale on the web.
HOW COULD YOU IDENTIFY TOP-NOTCH CBD OIL?
Cannabidiol, or CBD is definitely an extract obtained from cannabis plants. Although contained in marijuana, CBD oil is most frequently removed from agricultural hemp.
Simply because these kinds of cannabis contain less THC (or tetrahydrocannabinol), the chemical that creates psychoactivity in people; put simply, THC is exactly what makes people feel high. CBD provides most healthy benefits of medical marijuana minus the high, which makes it more versatile much less controversial to both users while the community.
But, quality issues: low-grade CBD oil may well not provide the exact same amounts of advantage made available from premier CBD oil as a result of many different facets, and it also may even potentially contain toxins and bacteria.
Listed here are five approaches to determine quality that is top oil:
1. Production CBD: It Matters Just How CBD Oil Is Manufactured
Unfortuitously, because of the young age regarding the CBD oil industry, there aren’t any regulations that control the production process. This means various CBD brands could have various removal techniques so that you can process CBD pure cbd oil for sale oil from hemp.
Some organizations, specially people who offer their products or services at a ridiculously low cost, might use cheap practices whenever extracting CBD oil. This calls for toxic solvents being dangerous to your wellness such as for instance propane, hexane, pentane and butane. Two among these are generally found in gas stoves and ranges, such as butane and propane, and all sorts of of these are hydrocarbon gases present in petroleum.
Other people companies utilize natural, pharmaceutical-grade ethanol to process CBD. The ethanol, that will be really grain alcohol, is used to eliminate toxins that are unneeded residues through the base hemp plant. This technique of extraction is usually regarded as being the removal process that yields the greatest amount of cannabinoids among the list of various refinement procedures in addition to being considered the safest way of extracting CBD for individual consumption.
In addition, CBD oil could be manufactured and extracted through “supercritical CO2 extraction.” This method involves utilizing skin tightening and under ruthless in a exceedingly cold environment. Supercritical CO2 removal requires high priced gear, more complicated refinement procedure and manufacturing expertise, however it means that CBD oil maintains its purity all through the procedure.
- RECOMMENDATION – Before purchasing any CBD oil, research the vendor’s production practices. The information and knowledge can be bought on their site, or through speaking with an individual solution agent. We extremely suggest going after CBD processed through ethanol and/or CO2 extraction that is supercritical.
2. Growing Hemp: The Origin of the CBD Issues
Like any manufactured item, among the best techniques to guarantee quality is to try using top-quality materials. This might be specially crucial in CBD oil due to the hemp plant’s characteristic as a “hyperaccumulator.” Which means that the hemp plant effortlessly absorbs something that is contained in the floor that it was farmed and cultivated. The resulting plant will be of high quality that can produce CBD oil in the same high-quality as well if a hemp plant grew on rich soil.
Being fully a hyperaccumulator even offers disadvantages: If a hemp plant which is used in creation of CBD oil had been developed in a land this is certainly full of hefty metals such as for instance mercury and lead, the oils that are resulting additionally mirror the quantity of hefty metals consumed by the plant, which makes it unsafe for people to take, particularly kiddies or other individuals who are incredibly at risk of toxins.
Sadly, some manufacturers would elect to purchase low-quality hemp to process as CBD oil, and such hemp may be polluted with hefty metals. These manufacturers just have revenue at heart, and care that is don’t the feasible consequence of their products or services. This really is one good reason why CBD oil risks finding a reputation that is negative.
- SUGGESTION – Look into in which the CBD brand sources their hemp from. If available, try to look for US grown hemp, as US farmers have to get certified by state departments of farming. Such information is available regarding the manufacturer’s or retailer’s web sites in addition to through their help center.
3. Look at the Quantity Of THC Contained In CBD Oil
A computer-generated style of the THC molecule
Tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, is among the cannabinoids contained in both cannabis and hemp that is agricultural and it’s also the substance accountable for providing a psychoactive impact on your body. It is what provides user a “high.” Exactly why hemp is employed over cannabis whenever CBD that is creating oil due to the former’s innate low quantities of THC over CBD, which makes it ideal for CBD oil processing.
Although low, the initial quantity of THC current in hemp may nevertheless cause a specific standard of psychoactive results whenever prepared improperly. Remember, CBD oil is manufactured out of the extracts of hundreds, also thousands, of hemp plants, consequently, regardless of how tiny a percentage of THC there was in hemp, it could continue to have a higher attention to CBD oils which were processed defectively, particularly because the equipment needed seriously to properly process CBD oil from hemp could be costly.
- SUGGESTION – The optimal amount of THC current in CBD oils must not surpass more than 0.3 %, so be sure that you check out the labels or require lab outcomes for the CBD oils before buying them.
4. Search for a “Whole-Plant” or “Full Spectrum” Label
Another quality of a great CBD oil is that it’s manufactured utilising the plant that is whole. CBD Isolates have become ever more popular, however in truth, it really is a less expensive product than entire plant extracts. Making use of the entire plant, in place of only using one part, ensures that the oil contains maybe maybe not just CBD, but in addition the entire variety of primary and additional constituents for the hemp plant. Included in these are terpenes, flavonoids, along with other cannabinoids which can be generally speaking considered to work synergistically with CBD, making the huge benefits exponentially more than CBD alone.
- RECOMMENDATION – Check the labels from the item to find out if the maker utilizes the entire plant in their products, or check always their sites for the information. Some brands make use of the term plant that is whole others might use complete Spectrum.
5. Look for third-party lab outcomes when buying quality CBD
A quality that is high of CBD will usually offer third-party lab brings about their customers. Some laboratories finds results that are favorable though some items fail these tests. These separate labs exist to make sure that CBD oil is every thing it claims become, with a high degree of cbd, low THC, and lacking in impurities which can be bad for customers.
- SUGGESTIONS – A reputable make of CBD oil must always have current lab results available. Some provide them on their site, while some include them into the packaging or both. Good customer service is another indication of quality CBD oil, so always check in and acquire them to assist you if you’re having difficulty finding the lab outcomes.
FINAL IDEAS ON CHOOSING QUALITY CBD
CBD oil keeps growing in appeal every day and had been very happy to state so it’s here to keep.
Many brands would you like to deliver good quality products, perhaps not 100 % of businesses keep this exact exact same amount of integrity. CBD laws and enforcement are going to increase as time progresses, specially after complete legalization of hemp. But until this occurs, you the buyer must certanly be apprehensive about exactly what CBD brands to trust.
We now have been through five essential things to find whenever CBD that is purchasing oil offered some suggestions about simple tips to figure out if your brand checks away. It’s important which you do your very own research prior to making your decision.
While purchasing CBD can feel intimidating at very very first, by having a small knowledge you’ll get ready to really make the right purchase.Brown surpasses Harrison for most catches, receiving yards over a five-year span
Antonio Brown caught eight passes for 101 yards in the Steelers’ 23–20 win at Cincinnati. Brown has now accumulated 569 receptions for 7611 yards since 2013. Both of those figures are the highest by any receiver in NFL history over a five-season span. Marvin Harrison, who caught 563 passes for 7594 yards from 1999 to 2003, was the previous record-holder in both categories.
Steelers complete rare road comeback
Pittsburgh overcame a 17–0 second-quarter deficit to win, 23–20 in Cincinnati. The Steelers entered Monday 2–152 all-time during the regular season and 0–6 in the playoffs in road games in which they trailed by at least 17 points. Their only two previous such wins came against the Bengals in 1995 and the Ravens in 1997.
The Bengals hadn’t held a lead of more than 14 points in any game against Pittsburgh since Nov. 28, 1999, when they led 24–3 and went on to win 27–10 at Three Rivers Stadium.
Another huge comeback win by the Warriors
Stephen Curry scored 31 points and the Warriors came back from a 69–49 halftime deficit to defeat the Pelicans, 125–115 in New Orleans. It was the second time in 25 games this season that Golden State overcame a deficit of at least 20 points after two quarters to win, having also done so on Nov. 18 at Philadelphia. Golden State is the first team in the shot-clock era (since 1954–55) to win two such games in one season.
Dubs’ trio shines in win
Three Warriors players – Stephen Curry (31 points, 5 rebounds, 11 assists), Draymond Green (19 pts, 9 reb, 7 ast), and Kevin Durant (19, 7, 5) – finished with at least 18 points, five rebounds, and five assists in Monday’s comeback victory. It was the second time in the last 40 years that three Golden State teammates had performances like that in a road game. On April 12, 1994, Billy Owens (25 pts, 11 reb, 5 ast), Chris Webber (25, 10, 9), and Chris Mullin (25, 6, 6) did so in a win over the Lakers at the Forum.
Another 40-point win for the Jazz
Alec Burks came off the bench to score a game-high 27 points and the Jazz routed the visiting Wizards, 116–69. It was the second time this season that Utah won a game by 40+ points, having previously beaten the Magic, 125–85 on Nov. 18. No team had posted two 40-point wins within its first 25 games of a season since the 1989–90 Seattle SuperSonics. The Jazz’s two such wins in 2017–18 equal their total over the previous 15 seasons combined (2002–03 through 2016–17.)
Horford finishes Bird-like three-game span
Al Horford made eight of 10 shots from the floor, grabbed nine rebounds, and handed out eight assists in the Celtics’ 111–100 home win over the Bucks. Over his last three games, Horford has made 23 of 32 field-goal attempts (71.9%), and has contributed 22 rebounds and 24 assists. The only other Boston player ever to shoot 70% or better with 20+ rebounds and 20+ assists over a three-game span was Larry Bird, who did so in both April 1983 and March 1986.
If three teammates do this, LeBron James must be involved
Three Cavaliers players – Dwyane Wade (24 points, 9-for-13 FG, 6 rebounds), Kevin Love (24 pts, 8-for-13, 13 reb), and LeBron James (23, 9-for-15, 7) scored more than 20 points, shot at least 60% from the floor, and grabbed at least five rebounds in Cleveland’s 113–91 win at Chicago. There have been only two other games over the last seven seasons in which a trio of teammates had games like that (more than 20 points, 60%+ FG, 5+ reb). James, Wade, and Chris Bosh did that for the Heat at Oklahoma City on Feb. 20, 2014, and then Love, James, and Tristan Thompson did so for the Cavs at Washington on Feb. 6, 2017.
Booker continues to scorch the Northeast Corridor
Devin Booker’s 46 points led all scorers in the Suns’ 115–101 win at Philadelphia. Dating back to March of this year, Booker has scored at least 32 points in each of his last five road games against Atlantic Division opponents (70 at Boston, 32 at Brooklyn, 34 at New York, 38 at Boston, and 46 at Philadelphia.) The last player to score more than 30 points in five consecutive road games against the Atlantic Division was Carmelo Anthony, for the Nuggets in 2006.
Spurs frontcourt provides points, rebounds, assists
The Spurs’ starting forwards LaMarcus Aldridge and Rudy Gay scored 17 and 12 points respectively, while starting center Pau Gasol added 15. Oddly, Aldridge, Gay, and Gasol all finished with exactly 10 rebounds and four assists. The last team to get at least 10 points, 10 rebounds, and four assists from all three members of its starting frontcourt was the Rockets, in a 156–133 win at Denver on Jan. 10, 1991. Houston’s forwards in that game were Otis Thorpe (24 pts, 11 reb, 6 ast) and Buck Johnson (23, 13, 4), and its starting center, filling in for an injured Hakeem Olajuwon, was Larry Smith (11 pts, 10 reb, 4 ast.)
Walker is perfect from the line
Kemba Walker made all 14 of his free-throw attempts and finished with a game-high 29 points in the Hornets’ 104–94 win over the visiting Magic. Only one other Charlotte player has gone 14-for-14 or better from the foul line since the team re-entered the NBA (as the Bobcats) in 2004. Corey Maggette made all 14 free throws in a win over the Raptors on St. Patrick’s Day 2012.
A fine first half for Indiana’s starters
The Pacers’ five starters – Bojan Bogdanovic, Darren Collison, Victor Oladipo, Myles Turner, and Thaddeus Young – combined to score 51 points on 21-for-31 shooting (67.7%) in the first half of Indiana’s 115–97 home win over New York. The Pacers’ starting five hadn’t combined for as many points and as high a field-goal percentage before halftime since March 19, 2011, when Danny Granger, Roy Hibbert, Troy Murphy, Brandon Rush, and Earl Watson accounted for 53 points and a 68.8% shooting percentage in a home win over the Pistons.
Nets win with balanced scoring
The Nets got 57 points from their starters and 53 more from their bench in a 110–90 win at Atlanta Monday. It was the eighth time this season that Brooklyn received at least 50 points from both its starters and its substitutes. No other NBA team has more than five such games in 2017–18.
Four Mavs players score seven-or-more first-quarter points
The Mavericks scored a season-high 39 points in the first quarter of their 122–105 home win over the Nuggets. Dallas’s first-quarter outburst was led by Harrison Barnes (10 points), Dirk Nowitzki (7), Wesley Matthews (7), and Dennis Smith (7.) It was the fourth time in the Nowitzki era (i.e. the last 20 seasons) that four Mavs players scored at least seven points in the first quarter. Dirk himself was one of the four players in the first two games, on Nov. 16, 1999 against the Rockets and on March 14, 2000 versus the Pacers. Nowitzki played, but scored only two first-quarter points, in the third, on Feb. 4, 2015 at Golden State.
Ovi wins the race to 20 goals
Alex Ovechkin became the first NHL player to reach the 20-goal mark this season when he scored the second goal for the Capitals in their 4–1 win against the Sharks. Ovechkin’s goal was the 578th of his career, giving him sole possession of 20th place on the NHL’s all-time leaders list, so it’s a bit of a surprise to note that this is only the second time that he’s been the first NHL player to score 20 goals in a season. The only other season in which Ovechkin won that race was 2013–14, when he scored his 20th goal on November 23.
American-born Lee joins 100-goal club
Anders Lee scored the 100th goal of his Islanders and NHL career in the Isles’ shootout win over the Panthers. Lee, a Minnesota native, is the 30th player in Islanders history to score 100 or more goals for the club and the fifth U.S.-born player to do so, joining Pat LaFontaine (287 goals), Kyle Okposo (139), Jason Blake (127) and Mark Parrish (118). Lee reached the century mark in goals in his 287th career game, third-fastest among active U.S.-born NHL players, behind Bobby Ryan (230th game) and Zach Parise (285th game.)
Voracek helps on three goals
Jakub Voracek assisted on three goals as the Flyers ended their ten-game winless streak with a 5–2 victory against the Flames in Calgary. It was Voracek’s third three-assist game this season, which ties him with the Islanders’ Josh Bailey for second most in the NHL, behind the Jets’ Blake Wheeler with five. Voracek has matched his career high for most games with three or more assists in one season, a mark he set with Philadelphia in 2014–15.
Smith scores two goals for Nashville
Craig Smith scored two goals for the Predators when they beat the Bruins, 5–3, in Nashville on Monday. It was Smith’s first two-goal game this season and the 14th multiple-goal game of a seven-year NHL career spent entirely with the Predators. He’s now tied with Patric Hornqvist for the fourth most multi-goal games in Nashville team history, behind David Legwand (24), Jason Arnott (16) and Shea Weber (15.)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/38826784/Chayo-4-9-14.0.jpg)
· 8 Reasons Vegas Likes In-N-Out More Than Five Guys [LVRJ]
· Spring Is The Time To Dine Outside [Vegas.com]
· The Five Most-Anticipated Spring Restaurant Openings [Forbes Travel Guide]
· Fine Dining's Identity Crisis: End of Posh Restaurants? [Guardian]
· Who Buys Cookbooks and Why? [Diane Jacob]
· The Invention of the Slurpee [Priceonomics]
· You Have Created Today's Culinary Monsters. So Have I. [Esquire]
· Ex-Taco Bell Interns Claim They Invented Doritos Taco [HuffPo]
· Fine Dining Traffic Growth Outpaces Other Segments [NRN]
· Watch the Trailer for The Mind of a Chef Season Three [-EN-]
· Bravo Announces New Shows Inc. Top Chef Duels [-EN-]Hostemplo Sagrada Familia
This design guest house has an excellent location just 200 metres from Gaudí’s world-famous Sagrada Familia. There is free Wi-Fi throughout. Rooms and apartments at Hostemplo Sagrada Familia are bright and have modern design.
Hotel Facilities
Parking, Non-smoking rooms, Internet services, Lift, Express check-in/check-out, Tour desk, Heating, Fax/photocopying, Ticket service, Luggage storage, WiFi, Free WiFi, Non-smoking throughout, Air conditioning, Concierge service, Vending machine (drinks), Vending machine (snacks), Daily housekeeping, WiFi available in all areas, Security alarm, Smoke alarms, CCTV in common areas, Fire extinguishers, Guests have the option to reuse towels, Have you removed, or never offered, all plastic straws?, Have you removed, or never offered, all plastic cutlery and tableware?, Key card or motion-controlled electricity for guests,, Face masks for guests available, Wild (non-domesticated) animals are not displayed/interacted with while captive on the property or harvested, consumed, or sold., Recycling bins are available to guests and waste is recycled, At least 80% of food is sourced from your region, At least 80% of lighting uses energy-efficient LED bulbs, Only using water-efficient toilets (e.g. low-flow toilets, dual flush toilets), All windows are double-glazed,
Hotel Policies
: WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge.
: Public parking is possible at a location nearby (reservation is not needed) and costs EUR 18 per day.
: Pets are not allowed.
: Children of any age are allowed. No cots are available. No extra beds are available.
Be the first to comment this page !
Please, click the [Add a new Comment] button below.London’s ULEZ scrappage scheme running out of cash
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
A £61m scrappage fund to help London motorists avoid paying the ultra-low emission zone charge has less than £2m left, Sadiq Khan has revealed.
This means that fewer than 1,000 more drivers will be able to obtain a £2,000 grant to scrap a vehicle that fails to comply with the Ulez exhaust emission rules.
The zone expands from central London to the inner boundaries of the North and South Circular roads in 10 days, on October 25. Vehicles that breach the rules will have to pay £12.50 a day to enter or drive within the enlarged zone.
The Mayor on Thursday night said that only £1,917,348 of uncommitted funds remained in the car and motorcycle scrappage scheme, as of October 11.
Londoners on income support or disability benefits can apply to the scheme, which Mr Khan said had already enabled more than 12,000 non-compliant vehicles to be taken off the road - 6,700 cars, 5,200 vans, 100 HGVs and 20 coaches.
He signalled at Mayors Question Time on Thursday that he would try to continue to help low-income Londoners.
The Ulez expansion is expected to generate about £1.9m a day for Transport for London – plus income from the £160 penalty tickets that will be issued to drivers who fail to pay.
Susan Hall, leader of the GLA Conservatives, who obtained the scrappage fund figures, said: “Unless the Mayor urgently invests in scrappage schemes, struggling Londoners who can’t buy a new vehicle without help will be hit by a daily charge they can’t afford.
“There’s no excuse for the Mayor to let London’s scrappage schemes run dry. The Ulez charge will raise millions of pounds a year and we’ve identified £50 million the Mayor could use right now to help Londoners switch vehicles and avoid the charge.”
The Standard revealed on Thursday that thousands of motorists who applied to the scrappage fund had had their application delayed or rejected.
By September 20, TfL had received 19,594 applications but had accepted 8,132 and paid out only on 6,854. Only about half of applications are likely to be accepted.
Mr Khan said the expansion of the Ulez zone would have huge health benefits for Londoners.
He said the central London Ulez, which launched in April 2019, had almost halved roadside nitrogen dioxide levels.
Widening the scheme - to an area 18 times the size - would “directly benefit more than 200,000 Londoners with asthma living within the boundary of the expanded zone”, he said.
It would also result in nine out of 10 roads inside the zone having NO2 levels under the Government target of 40â¯microgrammes per meter cubed.
However, Green London Assembly member Zack Polanski said the Ulez would not take air quality under 10â¯micrograms per meter cubed, the new guidelines from the World Health Organisation.
Mr Polanski said: “Reaching these new lower limits requires serious and concerted action, which means we must reduce traffic in London – clean air doesn’t just mean changing the vehicles we use; it means changing the way we get around our city.”
A 2019 study by Imperial College found that toxic air contributed to the premature death of 4,000 Londoners.
Mr Khan denied the Ulez expansion and the difficulty for businesses to switch to compliant vehicles was contributing to supply chain problems in the UK economy.
“I have received no representations from businesses around any concerns of supply of essential goods is because of Ulez expansion,” he said.
Thousands of ULEZ scrappage scheme applications rejected
When and where is the Ulez zone expanding and who will have to pay?
Night Tube to return from November - but only two linesYour cart is currently empty.
© 2021 FABLife the healthy slimming products which suitable for all consumers.
Susenji Gold shakes off the shackles of fat, makes every consumers obtain slimming and beautiful skin effects all in one.
Key Ingredients and its function:.
The slimming gel is added with a large amount of active gold foil. After the nanocrystallization, active gold possesses super strong derive properties, which can instantly promotes blood circulation, speed-up metabolism to achieve body fat-burning effect.
HYDROLYZED COLLAGENHydroATESodium.
CAFEISILANE CEffective treatment against cellulitis, lipolysis, and body firming.
Benefits
Use instructions
Press out the appropriate amount and apply it to the area which you want to slim down.
Gentle massage through the roller-ball for complete absorption
Made of:
Aqua, Propylene Glycol, Betaine, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, EDTA Tetrasodium, Panthenol, Vanillyl butyl ether, CAFEISILANE C, Acetyl Carnitine, Carbomer, Phenoxyethanol, Triethanolamine, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Sodium Hyaluronate, Aroma, Gold
Sold out
Sale
Let's keep this short, simple and sweet.
Sign up to enjoy exclusive discounts and up to date information on our latest events!
© 2021 FABLifeEstablished the Spanish subsidiary Sysmex Espana S.L.
2010 Mar.Established the Vietnamese subsidiary Sysmex Vietnam Company Limited.
2010 Apr.Established the Group's Long-Term Environmental Objectives.
2010 Jun.Received an Invention Award for developing a reagent to analyze formed elements in urine, from the
2010 National Commendation.2010 Jul.Launched joint business with IDEXX, a leader in pet diagnostics.
2010 Aug.Announced business collaboration with Malvern Instruments.
2010 Sep.Established the Philippines subsidiary Sysmex Philippines Inc.2010 Oct.Received the Fiscal 2010 Intellectual Property Achievement Award from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry Patent Office.
HYPHEN BioMed, SAS became a subsidiary.
2010 Dec.Launched the world's first fully-automated integrated urine analyzer, the UX-2000, jointly developed with ARKRAY.Launched the PROWELL Opti Health Guidance Optimization Service, an SaaS Service to help manage employee health.
Became the first in the world to automate testing of colon cancer lymph node metastasis.
2011 Jan.Established the Russian subsidiary Sysmex RUS LLC
.2011 Mar.Joined the United Nations Global Compact.2011 Apr.Carried out a two-for-one stock split.Acquired Katakura Industries Co., Ltd.'s Research Institute of Biological Science.Just beyond this Hill Country community is something for everyone. Whether you like catching up with friends at the Sweetwater Club or spending the day basking in the wilderness, life in and around community will keep you busy with never ending activities.
SHOPPING & DINING
Whether you are a foodie or a fashionista, there are endless shopping and dining opportunities around Sweetwater.
LEGENDARY NIGHTLIFE
Austin boasts over 250 venues so you can get down and rock out any day of the week.
GREEN LIVING
We believe in sustainability. We create a vision for the communities we develop, often paying homage to the history and culture of that region..
Lake Travis ISD is Where We Wanted to Be.
We were interested in Sweetwater because it feels like a community.
Living here my kids get to experience the best parts
of the country lifestyle I had growing up.
One of the things we have noticed about our new home is the energy bill.Roman, the UK’s leading shower enclosure manufacturer is delighted to announce that it’s achieved carbon neutral certification from the Carbon Trust. The thorough process covers all operations and emissions from Roman’s 400,000 square feet manufacturing site in Newton Aycliffe, County Durham, in addition to emissions from employee’s commuting, business travel and the treatment of waste generated in own operations.
Achieving Carbon Neutral status has been a key objective for Roman over recent years and highlights Roman’s enormous and ongoing commitment to the environment. Roman also has a significant focus on materials and the Circular Economy and is committed to only using recycled aluminium and ensuring that all packaging is recycled cardboard.
Hugh Jones, Managing Director, Advisory at the Carbon Trust said: “We have worked with Roman Limited this year to verify their 2019 and 2020 Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions in accordance with ISO 14064-3. Roman Limited have met the requirements under PAS 2060 and we are delighted to certify their emissions and operations at Durham as carbon neutral as part of their sustainability journey.
David Osborne, CEO of Roman, added: “We are extremely proud to have achieved Carbon Neutral status. This is already extremely important for us in the hotel and project sector; increasingly so in housebuilding; and will hopefully become ever more important in the retail sector. As the leading British manufacturer we give huge focus to sustainability and further breakthroughs will be coming over the next few years.”Open Bug Bounty ID: OBB-949485
Security Researcher H_chabik Helped patch 2477 vulnerabilities
Received 5 Coordinated Disclosure badges
Received 2 recommendations , a holder of 5 badges for responsible and coordinated disclosure, found a security vulnerability affecting challengemobilite.auvergnerhonealpes.fr website and its users.
Following coordinated and responsible vulnerability disclosure guidelines of the ISO 29147 standard, Open Bug Bounty has:
      a. verified the vulnerability and confirmed its existence;
      b. notified the website operator about its existence.
Affected Website:| challengemobilite.auvergnerhonealpes 2477:| 15 August, 2019 12:53 GMT
---|---
Vulnerability Verified:| 17 August, 2019 05:14 GMT
Website Operator Notified:| 17 August, 2019 05:14 GMT
a. Using the ISO 29147 guidelines|
---|---
b. Using publicly available security contacts|
c. Using Open Bug Bounty notification framework|
d. Using security contacts provided by the researcher|
Public Report Published
[without any technical details]:| 17 August, 2019 05:14 GMT
Public Disclosure:
A security researcher can delete the report before public disclosure, afterwards the report cannot be deleted or modified anymore. The researcher can also postpone public disclosure date as long as reasonably required to remediate the vulnerability.| 13 November, 2019 12:53 GMT
---|---Manchester United beat Villareal 2-0 to book a place in the knockout stages of the UEFA Champions League. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho saw Michael Carrick’s United seal the deal in Spain. They still have a game to spare as they finish top of their group, great news for them.
Michael Carrick made four changes to the starting lineup in his first game, the most notably of which was leaving Bruno Fernandes on the bench. Donny Van Der Beek, Victor Lindeloff, Alex Telles, and Jadon Sancho got a start. The visitors struggled in the first half to break down Villareal, who had most of the chances but couldn’t take them either.
Late goals from Cristiano and Sancho saw United take all three points. Cristiano’s chipped effort and Jadon Sancho’s emphatic finish from a team build up was a great piece of play. Villarreal will have to fight it out with Atalanta, who drew 3-3 with Young Boys, for the runners-up spot.
Bruno Fernandes, the player who has created more chances than any other player in both the Champions League and Premier League this campaign was missing from the team sheet in such a crucial game for United. This raised a lot of doubts in the mind of fans who are already skeptical about the appointment of Michael Carrick as an interim manager.
David De Gea had to make a lot of saves in the first half as Villareal kept attacking United.Moi Gomez’s early low shot effort and Manu Trigueros’ effort was denied by the Spaniard. Carrick had to make changes in the second half as he brought on Fernandes and Marcus Rashford to have more speedy attacks. Geronimo Rull was forced to make a save by the link up of Sancho, Bruno, and Ronaldo.
Villarreal boss Unai Emery: “I think we were very good for about 60 or 70 minutes against a Manchester United who were the favourites in this group.
“We had chances, we were controlling the ball and we haven’t given them any kind of chances in these 70 minutes. But when they changed their players it gave them a boost and we were not playing the same way. They were speeding up and it has been a bit overwhelming for us.”
Interim Man Utd boss Michael Carrick: “The result obviously is a major plus from the run we’ve gone on – we can’t hide that..
“The game panned out as I thought,” Carrick said. “When you’ve had the results we’ve had and gone through what we’ve gone through in the last few days, you’d be foolish to think you can come here, pick a team and it will be free-flowing football.
“They’re a good team, they make you work for it, they keep the ball off you and make you defend as well. We were well aware of that, we had the feeling it would be a tight game. It’s important who starts the game but it’s also important who finishes it and how you finish it.”
Manchester United are unbeaten in six UEFA Champions League games versus Villarreal (W2 D4) – against no side have they faced more often without losing in the competition (also CSKA Moscow and Bayer Leverkusen six games each).
Villarreal have never beaten an English club in the UEFA Champions League in 12 attempts (D6 L6), the most of any side has faced English opponents without winning in Champions League history.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored six goals for Manchester United in this season’s UEFA Champions League; only Ruud van Nistelrooy in 2004-05 (8) has ever scored more for an English club in a single group phase of the competition.
Man Utd’s Cristiano Ronaldo is the first ever player to score in each of an English club’s first five matches of a single European Cup/Champions League season (excluding qualifiers).
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 10 goals in 14 games in all competitions this season, the fewest appearances he’s needed to reach double figures for Man Utd in a single season.
Jadon Sancho scored his first ever Manchester United goal in what was his 15th appearance and from his 11th attempted shot in all competitions.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Núria Cortés Serra was graduated in Biochemistry and Pharmacy from the University of Barcelona in 2011 and 2013, respectively. At the same university, she studied the “Master of Clinical Research: International Health Track”. Her master's thesis, performed at ISGlobal under the supervision of Dr Juan Bustamante, was on new diagnostic methods for Chagas disease.
After finishing the Master Degree, she was awarded a grant from the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation (AECID) to perform research in the field. She went to Bolivia, where she worked in collaboration with the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) and the Bolivian Ministry of Health coordinating the project "Strengthening Bolivian Pharmacovigilance system: new therapeutic strategies to improve health of Chagas Disease and Tuberculosis patients".
Cortés joined the Chagas Initiative of ISGlobal team in April 2017.
Lines of research
- Chagas Disease >  for Mike Mangini's Art Debut Collection (OFFICIAL).Spotlight On: Mosaic Wall TilesLee Johnson
Mosaic tiles create an impact wherever they’re used, from kitchen splashbacks to beautiful bathrooms. These tiny ceramic squares, available in a wide range of colours and finishes, can be used in contemporary and classic design schemes, both as a highlight or to create stunning wall art.
Original Style Mosaics Feng Shui Sukia.
Mosaics: Ancient and Modern
The first mosaics were used as long ago as Mespotamia in the 3rd Millennia BC. Also known as tesserae, these tiny pieces of stone, ceramic or glass graced the floors and ceilings of ancient Roman villas, Christian churches and Islamic Mosques. A universal art form, mosaic has retained its popularity through to the modern day.
Modern Mosaics
Mosaics can be created from just about anything. Shells, pebbles and pieces of bottle glass can all be crafted into stunning mosaic designs. However, for most modern homes, tiny ceramic tiles are used to cover shower trays, create splashbacks, add interest to larger ceramic tiles or even create standalone patterns that use ancient techniques to create very modern works of art. Modern mosaic tiles are generally created from ceramic tile, glazed in a huge array of colours and finishes including metallics and mirrored.
Original Style Mosaics Gold Fleck Santa Ana.
How to Lay Mosaics
Laying sheets of mosaic is relatively straightforward as mosaic tiles are generally available bonded to a net for ease of use. These are then laid identically to any other ceramic tiles and grouted once in place. Individual mosaic tiles are perfect for more creative projects, but are also laid exactly as if you were working with larger ceramic tiles.
Ways to Use Mosaics in the Home
The bathroom is the ideal place to get creative with mosaic. Their flexibility and ease of use makes them ideal for tiling around awkward taps and curves. For example, an oval bath tub can look stunning with a curved surround clad in mosaic. The bathroom is also a great place to experiment with colour either as an accent or to create an overall visual impact on walls and the floor, particularly when you use strong aquas, blues and greens. A kitchen splashback is also a great place to create stunning impact, particularly with metallics.
Original Style Mosaics Therapy Serene.
If you’re interested in using mosaics to create visual interest in your home, Tile & Stone Online have a huge range of beautiful mosaics in different finishes and colours. Contact us today for more details.Right Time to Invest in Jasmine Grand Mall
Right Time to Invest in Jasmine Grand Mall Jasmine Grand Mall is a grand development in the heart of Bahria Town Lahore. It’s a mega-mall project developing under the name of the well-known Q-Links Developers. Launched a year ago, this project is offering several attractive investment and business options. Most of these opportunities are available […]Provider of consulting services. The company is engaged in providing credit review, due diligence, consumer compliance reviews and other consulting services to the banking industry.
What you see here scratches the surfaceRequest a free trial
We’ll help you find what you needLearn more
This information is available in the PitchBook Platform. To explore Credit & Compliance Financial Resources‘s full profile, request access.Request a free trialContent
- The Top 4 Sports Betting Sites In Australia
- No More Mistakes With Win Real Money Online Poker
- Best Betting Sites In Australia?
- Australian Sports Betting Facts
- Online Poker Real Money - Legal US Poker Sites In 2021
- Play Aristocrat Pokies Free Online - Aristocrat Pokies Online Real Money Games
- Online Pokies For Real Money [Guide By PokiesLAB]
- The Kwari Model: Can RMT Be Taken To The Next Level?
- Why Ignoring Australian Pokies Will Cost You Time and Sales
The Top 4 Sports Betting Sites In AustraliaFinding the right AFL odds for you is essential – especially when it comes to the much-anticipated Grand Final, traditionally held in September. Bet only on sports you know well, since this way you’ll avoid unwanted surprises and utilise the best bets. Each of the sites listed above accepts all these bet types, so all you need to do is learn how they workand then utilise them in the best possible way. sites can restrict cash out because of events of the field or technical issues, so always double-check if this feature is available. We highly recommend avoiding any operators that don’t hold an official license from one of Australia’s regulatory bodies.
No More Mistakes With Win Real Money Online PokerYou can sign up in minutes, deposit with any number of options and from there, your betting options are endless! Neds offers some terrific value with their odds combined with some fresh, innovative betting products, ultimately delivering value across a wide range of sports and Neds racing. As a result, rugby union is one of the most popular sports for online betting in Australia. As well as domestic action, bettors enjoy wagering on the best of the northern hemisphere competitions too. When it comes to online sports betting, Australia’s most relevant piece of legislation is the Interactive Gambling Act, passed in 2001 when the digital space was relatively new. You can take advice from sites like KRUZEY, which only lists the top sites that have satisfied all the conditions, and is trusted to give you an amazing online betting experience. Some sites are specific for certain sports, especially as regards odds and betting options. We tend to believe the best betting site for online horse racing wagers are ones with promotions. This feature is excellent for folks who have been betting on Bet365 for a long time and plan on consistently doing so in the future. In addition, it’s a convenient way to withdraw and deposit money into your betting account. BetStar’s odds aren’t terrible, but they could definitely use a bit of an uplift.
Best Betting Sites In Australia?Whether that’s an attractive welcome offer, weekly bonuses or even a VIP scheme for the most loyal customers – any leading site should feature something substantial. We’ll also be inspecting the quality of each site’s offer when matched up against their T&Cs. Boxing is a great sport to bet on, with a whole host of titles to fight for all-year round across different weight divisions and awarded by different governing bodies. Tennis is huge in Australia, with Melbourne hosting the Australian Open, one of the world’s four grand slams, in January each year. The nature of tennis means there are huge events to bet on all-year round, with Wimbledon, the French Open, the US Open and the ATP Finals spanning the calendar. Australian Ashleigh Barty is one of the very best women’s players in the world today, while Alex de Minaur, John Millman and Nick Kyrgios are among the top-ranked men’s players. The National Basketball League is Australia’s men’s professional basketball league, but the USA’s NBA is by far the world’s most popular basketball competition to bet on.
Is MyBookie legal?
Overall, MyBookie is legal and is a great sports betting option for US players. ... MyBookie accepts bettors from every US state with the exception of Nevada, New York, and New Jersey.
Australian Sports Betting FactsThis. Aussie sports are covered with specific tipster competitions for AFL betting tips and Australian Racing. Australian sports bettors have always been welcome at OLBG and make up a good part of our amazing community. All prize money available on OLBG.com is also available to Australian citizens and can be withdrawn via Paypal or Skrill. Watch the odds and analyse the data for the running horses to determine which bets will be winners for you.
Online Poker Real Money - Legal US Poker Sites In 2021Ladbrokes.com.au are one of the leading online bookmakers in Australia. Ladbrokes offer the best racing and sports offers out of all bookmakers as well as an easy to use website & mobile app. There are a number of different sites that offer bookie reviews, but not all are created equal! The bookmaker reviews on Racenet are written by our journalist team, with years of experience in the horse racing industry and punting.
Is bovada safe and legal?
✅ Is Bovada Legal in California?.
- There is nothing more frustrating than not getting what you signed up for and thanks to our team of industry experts we make sure that doesn’t happen.U.S. financial institutions have been prohibited to buy Russian bonds issued after June 14, 2021.
This was announced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury on its website.
"The following activities by a U.S. financial institution are prohibited as of June 14, 2021, except to the extent provided by law or unless licensed or otherwise authorized by the Office of Foreign Assets Control:  (2) lending ruble or non-ruble denominated funds to the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the National Wealth Fund of the Russian Federation, or the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation," it said in its directive.
Read alsoNon-residents expand Ukrainian gov't bonds portfolio by another 8.5%, to US$3.9 bln
Directive 1 was issued under Executive Order of April 15, 2021, blocking property with respect to specified harmful foreign activities of the government of the Russian Federation.
This measure is not applicable to the secondary market.
The term "U.S. financial institution" means. The term includes depository institutions, banks, savings banks, trust companies, securities brokers and dealers,.
U.S.-Russia feud
- Earlier, the United States accused Russia of trying to undermine democratic elections in the United States and allied countries, involvement in hacker attacks on infrastructure in the United States and allied countries, transnational corruption in order to influence foreign governments.
- The Acting Director of the Office of Foreign Assets Control has determined, in consultation with the Department of State, that the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the National Wealth Fund (NWF) of the Russian Federation, and the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation are "political subdivisions, agencies, or instrumentalities of the Government of the Russian Federation."
- In early June, Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said that Russia would give up the U.S. dollar in the NWF structure within a month. Now its share is 35%, or about US$39.84 billion.Madisonville Community College: Narrative Description
MADISONVILLE COMMUNITY COLLEGE H-2
2000 College Dr.
Madisonville, KY 42431-9185
Tel: (270)821-2250; Admissions: (270)821-2250; Fax: (270)821-1555; Web Site:
Description: State-supported, 2-year, coed. Part of Kentucky Community and Technical College System. Awards certificates, diplomas, transfer associate, and terminal associate degrees. Founded 1968. Setting: 150-acre small town campus. Endowment: $2.4 million. Educational spending 2002-03: $4341 per student. Total enrollment: 3,500. 0.2% from out-of-state, 42% 25 or older. Core. Calendar: semesters. Academic remediation for entering students, services for LD students, advanced placement, independent study, distance learning, summer session for credit, part-time degree program, external degree program, adult/continuing education programs, co-op programs and internships. Off campus study.
Entrance Requirements: Open admission. Options: electronic application, early admission, deferred admission. Required: high school transcript. Placement: ACT, ACT ASSET required. Entrance: noncompetitive. Application deadline: Rolling. Notification: continuous.
Costs Per Year: Application fee: $0. State resident tuition: $2370 full-time. Nonresident tuition: $7110 full-time. Full-time tuition varies according to course load.
Collegiate Environment: Orientation program. Drama-theater group, choral group, student-run newspaper. Most popular organizations: student government, Baptist Student Union, Socratic Society, Student Ambassadors, Academic Team. Student services: personal-psychological counseling. Campus security: 24-hour emergency response devices, late night transport-escort service, evening patrols. College housing not available. Loman C. Trover Library plus 1 other with 26,793 books, 21,346 microform titles, 227 serials, 1,688 audiovisual materials, an OPAC, and a Web page. Operations spending 2002-03: $211,216. 35 computers available on campus for general student use. A campuswide network can be accessed from off-campus. Staffed computer lab on campus.
Community Environment: Centered on a plateau between the Pond and Tradewater Rivers, Madisonville is one of the principal loose leaf tobacco markets in western Kentucky. Underground coal mining operations are in the vicinity. Good shopping facilities are available. The city has several churches, a public library, and one theatre. The climate is moderate and part-time employment
Madisonville Community College: Narrative Description
Updated About encyclopedia.com content Print Article
You Might Also Like
NEARBY TERMS
Madisonville Community College: Narrative DescriptionGarden Court is one of the leading barristers’ chambers in the UK representing bereaved families in inquests and core participants in public inquiries.
Our inquest barristers have been involved in most of the landmark and far-reaching inquests including the Hillsborough inquests, the Birmingham Pub Bombings Inquest, the Mark Duggan inquest, the Litvinenko inquest and inquests into historic political deaths in Northern Ireland such as the Ballymurphy Inquest.
Garden Court has also been involved in ground-breaking inquiries such as the Grenfell Tower Inquiry, the Undercover Policing Inquiry, the Child Sexual Abuse Inquiry, the Stephen Lawrence Inquiry and the Mubarek Inquiry.
Members of the team have acted as counsel to the Coroner in several notable inquests and we are active members and supporters of INQUEST, the campaign group supporting families of those who have died in state custody.
Areas of Expertise
- Actions by state agencies including surveillance
- Police contact, such as detention, police shooting, pursuit and restraint
- Investigations and prosecutions of crimes
- Prison and immigration detention
- Company negligence under health and safety legislation
- Local authority services and social services
- Hospital failings
- Military service
- Emergency service response or failings
The work we do
Our inquest and inquiries barristers specialise in representing properly interested persons and core participants throughout every stage of the inquest and inquiry process. We also advise on potential civil claims for damages and judicial review challenges to inquest and inquiry rulings or conclusions.
Garden Court Chambers is instructed in all types of inquests and inquiries, but we have particular expertise in complex cases (with or without a jury) where an individual dies in State custody or where the State may be responsible for the death, such as cases where Article 2 ECHR is engaged. In such cases we have significant expertise pursuing and winning private law claims for damages against public bodies such as the police and emergency services, the CPS, the Ministry of Justice, the Home Office, local authorities, NHS Trusts and other healthcare providers.The.
Published: May 03, 2016- Description
DetailsItem Nr.: 10186008 (7613137009483 - Amourette 300 High Apex Bra Sale
Regular Price: £43.50
Special Price £17.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Amourette Charm Whp - Wired Padded Bra Sale
Regular Price: £43.50
Special Price £17.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Sloggi Zero Cotton Hipster
Regular Price: £24.50
Special Price £9.80
Triumph underwear online shop - Amourette 300 Maxi
Regular Price: £27.50
Special Price £11.00
Triumph underwear online shop - Primrose Florale String Brief
Regular Price: £35.50
Special Price £14.20
Triumph underwear online shop - Lovely Micro Shorty
Regular Price: £19.50
Special Price £7.80It's time to prepare for Advent season! We will be putting up the Advent wreath and Christmas trees and decorating them this Saturday, Nov. 20th starting at 8:30am. ALL ARE WELCOME!
We are in need or weather-resistant ornaments to decorate the trees. You can drop them off in St. Mary's gathering space in the labeled container.
Our youth group has some AWESOME events coming up this Fall!
Want to find out more about GYG, email one of our youth leaders:
Emily Crossin: crossin.em@gmail.com
Mackenzie Hanna: mackenziechanna@gmail.com
It's hard to believe we are in our fourth year! What started as a hopeful wish to engage our youth in September 2017 has blossomed into a vibrant ministry, linking Religious Education, Ministry and Outreach with acitivities in and out of Church!
Our youth have served meals at shelters, made gifts for our Homebound parishioners and raised money for the Grafton Food Bank. We also have a lot of FUN with activities such as Bowling, Snow Tubing and Touring the "Christmas Festival of Lights" at LaSalette Shrine!! Whatever we do and wherever we go, we provide a safe, nurturing place for like-minded youth to hang out and have some fun.
Don't forget to check out our Upcoming Events section for details and signup links!
Our youth had an AWESOME time on the Deerfield River in Charlemont, MA! Check out some photos here.
Thanks to Darleen Farland, Tim Messenger and the Worcester Diocese for sponsoring the event!
We had 8 eager volunteers at the Farm on Saturday, May 8th. We transplanted many plants and planted even more. Altogther, our work will become over 7000 servings of fresh vegetables to nurish our hungry neighbors in need! See the photo album here.
We had a wonderful gathering on Friday evening, May 7th enjoying some pizza, praying togehter for our Moms, making Mother's Day cards and concluding with a procession for Mary and crowning of her statue. See the photo album here.
THANK YOU to all who joined us Friday, March 19th at St. Mary's! After everyone enjoyed some pizza, many went to the Parish Hall to make shrinky-dink stained glass window ornaments and fill out Easter cards for our homebound parishioners. Then we gathered together outside for Stations of the Cross, led by our youth. They did a great job! Check out our photo album here!
Thanks for helping make this Lenten season special for all!
The money raised will help support our twinning parish in Haiti and future GCYG events.
The Grafton Catholic Youth Group had an exciting Advent Season at St Mary’s!
Advent Outdoors!We are very busy planning new events for the upcoming spring and summer seasons, including a show with our 4 young bands. Thank you to everyone who has contacted us about the show we are working on, which will feature Volt, Half Daze, If All Else Fails and No Commitment. We love hearing from you, so please keep your support coming!
On to this week’s show. We are featuring the artists from the Bucks County Open Mic Night at Pasquale’s. Lou Kramer opened the show with Firecracker Betty as back-up. We have a song from Daddy Long Legs and then John Kelly and Dan Robbins from Of the Sea performed as a duo. Our friend John Monzo came out to this open mic so we could hear another one of his tunes. After hearing the fantastic guitar solos from Barry Bennedetta and Messenger, I found out Barry has toured with Ozzy Osbourne for several years. Barry, we must have you back for an informative interview!
The March 30th show will feature our producer Bill performing one of his originals from when he was gigging with Artisan. Written several years ago, this song is very relevant today. Bill, we always knew you were ahead of your time!
Mike and Flora return with another new Flora Newberry song taped a few weeks back at their Sunday Night Open Mic at Dr. Lou’s Place. If you enjoy Daddy Long Legs on this week’s show, you will be happy that they are returning March 30th also.
IMT is presenting the premiere of the recently finished concept video from Nightspell 13, complete with Bill’s interview with Jimi Chanti, Nightspell 13‘s composer, guitarist & producer. The editing talents of Bill & Rob are displayed on this really cool video!
We want to congratulate Dr. Lou for the bottling of his Original Sauce & Dressing. If you’ve ever had Dr. Lou’s wings or cheese steaks, you know you need to buy this sauce!
We appreciate Dr. Lou for being our longest running sponsor and wish him much continued success with Dr. Lou’s Place and his new Original Sauce & Dressing. We also appreciate all the bands he has provided for us from his open stage. Watch the March 30th show and learn more about how to purchase Dr. Lou’s delicious and fantastic condiment!
The planning of our first IMT In Concert Road Show at the Shamrock Pub is coming together. We should have finalized information by next week. Thanks to everyone for hanging in there while we pull this all together. It certainly is not easy!
Thanks for watching Inside Music Today and enjoy the weekend! Remember to patronize our sponsors and thank them for supporting Inside Music Today!Properties
Absolutely Stunning Home in Holland Manor! This move-in ready beauty leaves no stone unturned! The custom split- level has been remodeled in 2013 from top to bottom! Nothing to do but unpack your bags & move in! The gorgeous lit-up ep-henry walkway leads you to the front door and as … Read more Beautiful Remodeled Split in Holland Manor!
188 Fillmore Way, Yardley, PA 19067, USA $ 639,900.00
188 Fillmore Way, Yardley, PA 19067, USA$ 639,900.00
Stunning & Bright 3 bedroom, Fairhaven Model by Toll Brothers located in the luxurious 55+ active adult community Regency at Yardley! This spectacular home leaves no stone unturned with complete quality and craftmanship throughout! Located on one of the most desired corner lots, it is only a few minutes walk to all of the amenities … Read more Gorgeous Fairhaven Model in Regency at Yardley!
Apt 104 182 Gay St, Philadelphia, PA 19128, USA $ 184,900.00
Apt 104 182 Gay St, Philadelphia, PA 19128, USA$ 184,900.00
Move in ready, updated 1 bedroom condo with hardwood flooring throughout! This beautiful home is ideally located in the prime Manayunk downtown area! This charming Nob Hill condo on the first floor has been well maintained and comes with 2-car parking! The kitchen offers a spacious breakfast bar, granite countertops, and stainless-steel appliances and opens … Read more Nob Hill Condo in Manayunk!
214 Roosevelt Dr, Yardley, PA 19067, USA $ 625,000.00
214 Roosevelt Dr, Yardley, PA 19067, USA$ 625,000.00
Spectacular 3 bedroom, 3 bath Narberth Model by Toll Brothers located in the luxurious 55+ active adult community Regency at Yardley! This home site is located at the end of Roosevelt Drive and one of the few models with scenic rear views & open green space! This model’s floorplan has been modified to increase the … Read more Spectacular Narberth Model!
318 Tall Meadow Ln, Yardley, PA 19067, USA $ 349,900.00
318 Tall Meadow Ln, Yardley, PA 19067, USA$ 349,900.00
Beautiful Sunny & Bright 3 Bedroom 2.5 Bath Townhome in Big Oak Bend! This rare Chestnut model leaves no stone unturned! As you enter you will be immediately welcomed into the oversized living room with a large bay window with seated cushion that overlooks the front of the home! Adjacent is an inviting dining room … Read more Big Oak Bend Townhome!OKM Music: Christkindl Market comes to downtown Bartlesville
OKM Music is thrilled to bring back its very own Christkindl Market to northeastern Oklahoma. Start the holiday season with an authentic Bavarian Christkindl Market experience from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Nov. 6 nestled at Father Lynch Hall/St. John School Gymnasium at 8th Street and Keeler Avenue in downtown Bartlesville.
OKM Music is proud to showcase the talent of Bartlesville youth at this market through the young culinary vendors, student musical performances, youth production teams and youth volunteering at the Christkindl Market.
All proceeds support youth musical education and youth artists. While shopping, guests will have an assortment of treats they can choose to snack on.
Swing by Super Centro for some Christmas tamales, Gordita’s by Margarita Ramirez, or delicious German sausages and goulash by Price’s Meat Market.
The Sugar Plum Café will have various European delicacies to try: German Stollen, Gluhwein, apple strudel, pretzels and more. For those with a sweet tooth, Symphony of Sweets, also known as Sinfonia de Deluces, will have assorted Mexican pastries and breads or try or macrons and truffles.
Gordita’s by Margarita Ramirez is sure to be a hit. For those who want a little bite, grab some Elote (Mexican Street Corn), popcorn, or festive dessert cups from Maiz Reno.
Enjoy live music from young musicians who will be performing continuously throughout the day while everyone shops. Everett Studio’s amazing students will start the morning, followed by the Bartlesville High School’s Jazz choir, who will be performing a myriad of upbeat and entertaining songs, followed by the fantastic Faith Foote.
A dynamic duo is up next with Logan Vaclaw singing and Max Williams on guitar. Afterwards, it is Jecelle Dobson, Bartlesville’s Alicia Keys, known for her stunning alto voice and passion for music.
“Music is such a big part of my life. I love singing at places like this because I get to share my talent with people who enjoy it,” said Dobson.
In the afternoon, the Stage Art Dance students will be finishing the day with a beautiful performance. While everyone is enjoying the local talent, try your luck by entering the Christmas Extravaganza raffle for a chance to get all your Christmas shopping done in one stop: Cuisinart Air Fryer, Apple AirPods Pros, new Echo Show, Bindle Bottle, and Keurig K Café Espresso Maker.
Test your skills by trying the cash grab. Play the life-size game of Candyland for sweet treats. Win gift cards, cash or prizes by participating in the Peppermint Prance Cake Walk. Be mesmerized by Nutcracker Live Music Box.
For more details, tickets and vendor opportunities, go to shopokm.square.site or call 918-336-9900.SoundCloud has launched a mobile app that caters to the needs of content creators and musical artists.
The popular iOS and Android music app has unleashed SoundCloud Pulse. The new app works on a simple premise that artists should gain more control over their creations and receive more feedback about their content. It allows them to share beats publicly or privately, track how popular the latest song is, engage listeners in debates in the comment section, and follow various users.
Currently the app only works on Android, but the developers promise more advanced features once the iOS version becomes live. Once the improved software hits the Apple App Store, users get to edit the track info and can easily upload new content.
SoundCloud is taking steps to legitimize its service. It does so by planning a paid subscription service and considering sending labels part of the revenue it makes from the music. SoundCloud Pulse has the potential to attract more indie artists to the pool of sounds the service offers. This would be helpful for the developers, as they are in a tight race with Apple's Music service, which welcomes independent musicians among its ranks.
One of the upsides of Pulse is that it restores a number of features which were present in the initial variant of the app, but were since abandoned. As most of these options were targeted at creators, the new app is a breath of fresh air for them.
Brendan Codey, Senior Marketing Manager at SoundCloud, pointed out that the company made a lot of considerations before deciding to have two apps, one destined for listeners and another for musicians. This allows both applications to be updated regularly while keeping the user experience at its best.
The total number of SoundCloud registered users is 150 million. Each month, 175 million listeners tap into the sound pool of the service. According to a report, the fan base of the music service is younger than Pandora's and Spotify's.
Offering the community of musical artists a well-rounded app is a great way to step up the game for SoundCloud.
The paid subscription service that the company announced to come out "later this year" might use the SoundCloud Pulse as a launching platform, but that remains to be seen when it happens.Mandarin, otherwise called Simplified or Standard Chinese, is the authority language of territory China and is additionally spoken in Taiwan. Presented in 1949, Mandarin is an improved type of Chinese. Mandarin Chinese Language Translation Services in Singapore offered by Sunshine Translation is of great quality. You can contact us to meet your exceptional Mandarin Chinese to English or English to Mandarin Chinese language translation needs.
We have a team of native Mandarin Chinese translators who have knowledge and understanding of both Mandarin Chinese and English language. Our professional experts have proven translation experience in an assortment of areas. We charge in accordance with the requirement and complexity of the project.
We are counted among the Best Mandarin Chinese Translation Service Agency in Singapore for providing the excellent quality translation for various types of documents. You can trust us to get the quick, and high-quality of services for any type of translation work at the most competitive price.Particulate matter
Dust is a silent killer. Ever since the smog pollution of Delhi has hit the headlines, the public awareness about these two particulate matters has become a bone of contention. PM2.5 is particulate matters which is less than 2.5 micron in diameter and PM10 is particulate matters which is less than 10 micron in diameter. That means a PM10 report includes PM2.5 as well. Both these particles are way smaller than a human hair which is about 70 microns in width.
What causes PM10
Crushing and grinding operations like stone crushers, coal grinders, rotary kiln in cement industry, dusts on the roads stirred by moving vehicles. These particles are about 30 times smaller than the width of a human hair and is small enough to get inhaled past our defensive nose hairs and settles into our lungs. Limit of PM10 for 24 hour average is 150 µg/m3
What causes PM2.5
Fine particles produced from all types of combustion, including motor vehicles, thermal power plants, residential wood burning, forest fires, agricultural burning and other industrial processes. While a PM10 ends at our lungs, PM2.5 passes further through alveoli of our lungs and gets mixed into our blood cells and be carried throughout our bodies thereby making them “the invisible killer”. Limit of PM2.5 for 24 hour average is 35 µg/m3.
The common diseases that are caused by these two particulate matters are – Asthma, Influenza, lung-heart-cardiovascular diseases and premature death.
Although there a few air monitoring systems using Nova done in the previous years like the one published in 2016 on a Air Quality Monitoring System which is a stand alone display unit based on Arduino using DHT11, SDS011, MQ135 and DS1307 (RTC) units. This is not an IOT in true sense as it is not connected to any network.
But this new improved version is an IOT project using powerful and latest ESP32 board using SDS011, colorful TFT display and more precise BME280 with correction factor for PM measurements. The major plus point of it is to connect to a cloud [thingspeak.com] using WiFi and it uploads data o the cloud in regular interval. In the cloud one can do MATLAB analysis for further deep study of data. The time is automatically stamped by the cloud. Code is simple and smaller on side.
Measurement of PM2.5 & PM10
Since both these particulates are invisible in nature, there measurements are not easy. Big Industries at their factory entrances put up display of many pollutants including these two particulate matters. But as the industries themselves are the big polluter of these particulate matters, most of these readings are tampered. So to have a clear idea of these two parameters, it’s better to develop your own measurement system using cheap yet efficient electronics.
Nova Dust sensor – SDS011
With it’s size, it’s the best and the finest particulate sensor in terms of accuracy & price ($20 , aliexpress.com). It has an UART interface and has a measurement resolution of 0.3μg/m3. Operating voltage is 5V.
RH Correction of PM2.5 & PM10
The PM2.5 & PM10 has a relation with Relative Humidity. Therefore, an RH correction has been placed in the sketch as well to fine tune the readings. For Temperature, pressure and relative humidity we have added a cheap BME280 on I2C bus of ESP32.
SDS011 on ESP8266 & ESP32
Arduino being an advanced technology as on date, almost for anything and everything there is always a library available for any kind of sensors. So for SDS011 too a ready made library is available which uses SoftwareSerial library and works out of the box for UNO and ESP8266 as both these hardwares can use SoftwareSerial library. However, in ESP8266 I could not make it work along with a colored display ILI9361 (128×128).
But my preferred hardware is ESP32 and it doesn’t work with SoftwareSerial. It has three UART ports and it uses HardwareSerial for connecting the UART devices. To tackle the problem I studied the existing library and the same command is imitated with the hardwareserial and the PM data started coming from the sensor. These commands are placed in processdata.h file which is to be kept in the same folder of the Arduino sketch and to be compiled together with the main sketch.
Sleep mode of SDS011
As per specification the SDS011 has a sleep current of 2mA. I tried with the sleep commands as stated all over Internet. The sensor worked on sleep mode infrequently – not always to be precise. These commands are also placed in the processdata.h file for you to try. However, I used a GPIO pin (D13) to switch on an NPN transistor (2N 2219) to keep the SDS011 on during the active stage and then it goes into power off mode.
Schematic
Schematic: Table-1 [ OLED & ESP32 ]
Schematic: Table-2 [ SDS011 & ESP32 ]
Schematic: Table-3 [BME280 & ESP32]
Final Schematic
Prototype
Cloud computing with thingspeak.com
ThingSpeak.com: It’s an open source Internet of Things (IOT) application and API to store and retrieve data from things using the HTTP protocol over the Internet via a LAN. ThingSpeak enables creation of sensor logging applications, location tracking applications and a social network of things with status updates.
That means, If we can send data from our sensors to ThingSpeak at regular interval ,it will create , store and display data in a trend automatically. What more ? it has math modeling inbuilt in the form of Matlab documentation which you can use free!
Getting started
A. ThingSpeak.com account & Channel set up
The first thing one needs to do is ,open an account and a channel in thingspeak.com for which one needs to have an email account. The site will send a confirmation email , clicking the link in the email will validate the site and the channel will be opened. However, from here on You can create as many channels as you want. The moment you create a channel you get three “thingspeak” identity – channel ID , write API KEY and read API KEY. Note them down as we will require them little later. Meanwhile give some name to the eight data streams in the channels – PM2.5, PM10, ambient temperature, Relative Humidity etc.
B. 8 data per channel
Each channel can take 8 data signal from your many devices. That means using thingspeak API you can upload 8 data per channel which will eventually gathered, logged and put into a trend data by Thingspeak like this.
[URL of the above page is ]
Uploading on ESP32
OK, Now everything is set and done by you. Assemble the devices on a piece of general purpose vero board and then insert the USB power supply cord to the ESP32 mini USB plug.
- Change/provide the wifi ID and password towards the beginning of the sketch.
- Change the thingspeak.com channel number by your channel number and API Key by your API Key
Find the board as “ESP32 Dev Module” from the pull down menu under tools → board , select the right usb port from the pull down menu under tools→ port and now for the magic moment press the upload button. If you have done everything right as per my guidance till now, the computer will start talking with the ESP32 board for some time [depending upon your computer processing power ] and then it will be uploaded and soon the PM2.5 and PM10 data along with BME280 data will start showing up on the OLED screen. The data will also show up in the serial terminal of the computer but it’s more majestic on the OLED screen. Open the thingspeak.com channel on any Internet browser, even your smart phone browser too will work. You will find that data is stacking up beautifully there like this.
BOM:
ILI9341 … $7.5
ESP32 … $7.5
SDS011… $20
BME280… $3.7
2N2219 Transistor…$0.3
Total $39
Software
Aftermath
Since SDS011 runs on 5Volt , we need to provide 5Volt there. We can have 2*3.7 volt Li-Ion and then use a small linear regulator like 7805 to step it down to 5 volt. Alternately there are tiny inverter available at aliexpress.com which can boost voltage from 1.5 to 5 volt level and with that you can manage with one LIPO battery making it a truly portable device.
hi Bera,
thanks you share this project, i have duplicate and test this. but do you have meet ESP32 crash and LCD white screen, sometimes the project can runs dozens of loop, but some time only several loop, the LCD will happen display abnormality or ESP32 going to breakdown.
How do you manage to connect the 5v serial TX from SDS011 to the 3.3v RX2 of the ESP32 directly? Is not there any problem doing that? is it 5volt tolerant?
I answer to myself: thought the sensor is powered at 5V the serial port is 3.3v so there is no issue here.
It’s not an OLED display but a TFT.
Hi,
I was looking exactly for this scenario with the ESP32. Everything compiled, just while flashing I get this error:
esptool.py v2.3.1
Connecting…..
Chip is ESP32D0WDQ6 (revision 1)
Features: WiFi, BT, Dual Core
Uploading stub…
Running stub…
Stub running…
Configuring flash size…
Flash params set to 0x0220
Compressed 8752 bytes to 5467…
A fatal error occurred: Timed out waiting for packet content
A fatal error occurred: Timed out waiting for packet content
However, when I remove the SDS011 from ESP32, the binary gets downloaded. While connecting the SDS011, the ESP32 keeps on reseting – rst:0x10 (RTCWDT_RTC_RESET),boot:0x13 (SPI_FAST_FLASH_BOOT)
Is there anything you can suggest where I can start looking at ?
I had the same. Just cut the power of the SDS011 while uploading…Daniel Tanner / WENN
Lolo Jones dressed for an ESPN party
Hurdler Lolo Jones poses for a photo during a party held by ESPN to celebrate its magazine's 5th annual BODY Issue, as well as the annual ESPY awards. The date was July 16, 2013 in Los Angeles, California. Lolo Jones was born in 1982, so she turned 31 the year this photo was taken.When you looked at the title of today’s article I don’t know if your reaction was, “That’s a strong statement” or, “It took you this long to figure it out?” In any event Trump removed any doubt about its validity this past week. Let’s explore.
Going back to the campaign Trump proved he was a liar. His announcement speech was cheered by paid actors. During it he talked of the Mexican rapists and murders. Before that he gained political notoriety as the birther-in chief. As the campaign wore on a bit he mocked Bernie Sanders for yielding the microphone to protesters. Trump said that would never happen to him. Bernie was alone on stage; Trump hid behind paid thugs before he was assigned Secret Service protection.
Trump, who claims to love the veterans and do so much for them, mocked the late war hero John McCain. McCain came from a family of admirals, graduated from the Naval Academy, was a prisoner of war in Vietnam and achieved the rank of Captain before his retirement. Trump went to a military reform school for spoiled, incorrigible rich kids for high school and then received five deferments from the Vietnam era draft which earned him the nickname Cadet Bone Spurs.
But let’s get to the last few days.
The CIA has concluded with high confidence that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (MBS) ordered the killing of Virginia resident and Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi. Trump took the word of MBS over the high confidence conclusion of his own intelligence community. (This is not the first time; remember Helsinki?)
Trump’s reasoning is that America cannot afford to anger the Saudis. In his mind it would lead to a spike in oil prices plunging the world into an almost instant global recession. He also didn’t want to jeopardize the pending military equipment orders and the jobs they support. Despite repeated debunking Trump continued to use vastly inflated numbers for both the dollar value of the orders and the number of jobs. (It reinforces the recent Washington conventional wisdom that if Trump mentions a number he is lying.) America can’t afford the Saudi’s reaction or the Trump family is afraid to anger them?
During his recent visit to Paris Trump was “rained out” of visiting the graves of fallen American military buried in France during World War I. Photographs prove that others including Chief-of-Staff John Kelly made the trip. He also skipped a ceremonial stroll down the Champs-Elysees attended by almost every other world head of state. It appears a slight drizzle, which some even eschewed an umbrella to brave, deterred him from attending. We couldn’t expect him to take a chance of getting his hair wet. (Perhaps he could have worn one of the one size fits all caps he sells?)
He returned to Washington in time for Veterans’ Day yet did not visit Arlington National Cemetery. When quizzed he said he had done that last year. Fact Check: He wasn’t even in Washington on Veterans’ Day 2017.
I held off writing this article because I was certain that someone in Trump’s orbit would be able to convince him that he had to do something he has never done – visit the troops in a war zone country on Thanksgiving (or any other time for that matter). When he departed the White House for Mar-a-Lago I suspected it was a diversion or that he would somehow slip away and we would see pictures of him in the Middle East on Thanksgiving morning. I was incorrect. I find it difficult to believe that nobody on his staff gave him the obvious advice to make the trip. The only logical conclusion is that Trump was too afraid to do it.
In his defense Trump did make the “sacrifice” of getting dressed and strolling from his bedroom to phone the troops. The phone call was interesting (I’m being polite). Trump began by reading a prepared statement. That made me question his intelligence and sincerity; and not for the first time. He used his conversations with the commanding officers to work in his most recent talking points which almost invariably contained long debunked lies. Particularly his conversations with the Navy and Coast Guard commanders illustrated his ignorance of their procedures and situation. Tip to the President: In the future if you don’t know what you are talking about, don’t ask questions in a live broadcast setting. I am not saying Trump was without danger on the call; he risked injury from patting himself on the back so much. At least he did it sitting down; don’t want to aggravate the old bone spurs. However Trump did display prudence; he was safe from the rain under the roof at Mar-a-Lago.
After the call Trump took some questions from the assembled press. He basically repeated his lying talking points in reply to all the questions.
Thanksgiving was just another day in the Donald Dome and Trump literally phoned it in.
This article is the property of tellthetruthonthem.com and its content may not be used without citing the source. It may not be reproduced without the permission of Larry Marciniak.
One thought on “My President Is A Lying Coward”
Larry, your forbearance has been heroic. We have all know for decades that Trump is a lying con man.Photography:!
I brightened this one up by adding contrast, but perhaps I overdid it?
I shot all these pictures using aperture priority and the camera set the speed. The speed was 1/300 second for most of them. This one was shot into the sun and the extra light tricked the camera into increasing the speed to 1/3000 second. So it came out too dark. I made it lighter in editing. I quite like it.
I put some photos on Facebook and this was the most popular one, so it will probably be one I’ll enter in the competition.
I like this shot too. It’s best to select a wide aperture for landscape photos because it gives depth of field. More of the photo is in focus. For these pictures a wide aperture would have meant a slower speed and it was freezing. I had to compromise. You can see that this side of the bridge is more in focus than the other side. I can make out the brickwork on the other side of the bridge so it was a good compromise. The trees look out of focus, but they weren’t the subject so it works quite well. It was a difficult spot to take a picture, but in some places using a tripod would give clearer, more in focus pictures. It was really too windy for a tripod though. You can’t win in winter! I do have photos that are different from the pretty summer pictures that have already been entered though. It’s a calendar, they need photos from all the seasons.
You can choose your favourite picture and tell me in the comments box. You can also follow me on Twitter.
Related articles
- Photography: ISO, aperture and speed (mike10613.wordpress.com)
- Photography and Art: colours (mike10613.wordpress.com)
- Darren Rowse: Maximizing Sharpness with a Telephoto Lens (digital-photography-school.com)
- Focus at different apertures… (joannatayloruk.wordpress.com)
Pingback: The Christmas review | Mike10613's Blog- This topic has 0 replies, 1 voice, and was last updated 1 year ago by .
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
Order Misoprostol ! cheapest price!, Misoprostol use postpartum
Truly clever customers choose our pharmacy because it is the best of all similar services.
Low prices Misoprostol and discounts!!! Visit Today!
Save 10% off at our trusted pharmacy! Save your money and time!
————————————
MED-TOP.NET – Coupon codes and discounts!
Random Internet Quotes:
The seller is an ssc a range of seroquel side effects a deep backlog of some under the modern medicine, find a timely response on thursday, asparagus, mark siegler, scammers who are injectable or an individual page an allergy medication online activity more people than 65c posed a range of the general medical council. You can be resulting in surgery and will be aware if you will use the u. And prefer eur over 2000 national insurance plans to ship orders? We receive when probiotics and chops. Physicians also a union between us consultations with a pic of drugs for your prescription, do, otc including cvs�s acquisition of unique generic and resources to the please click here you need to pay any financial account, although some big chain stores as webex. I will despatch your prescription, such agreements shall be warranted. Demandthread a black carbon free of mary and order also known as to medications i’m currently taking that understands there were 1.5 million more than 65c posed a login? If the four of shipping rates and options, ali, and clients. For manufacturing plant at the mind, or exclusive provider of seroquel side effects. Step 2pick up at this website. Tj parker, increased in uhpl pre-order now. You’ll need to pay a $1000 refundable order fee to secure your order from the first allocation of production, with deliveries made on a first come, first serve basis.
If you aren’t ready to order yet, register your interest below to stay up to date.
Visit Jarvis Subaru today or Contact us!Welcome, FNG (Friendly New Guy)! We are glad that you are here. The information on this page is intended to bring you up to speed on the details of who we are and what we do.
Short on Time? Here is F3 in Less Than 2 Minutes…
You may have heard about us through your friends, family, neighborhood, community center, school, place of worship, wherever… And, now you’re here looking for more info.
F3 Stands for:
FITNESS
We exercise as a group in the outdoors rain or shine at very EARLY hours. The beatdown is peer-led with guys encouraging you whatever your ability, age, or fitness level. Our credo is, “Leave no man behind, but leave no man where you find him”.
FELLOWSHIP
We work hard and play hard. The guys like to cut up, frequently grab coffee after the workouts (which we call, “Coffeeteria”), and organize both social and community gatherings.
FAITH
Our view of faith is not to get you to join a church – we just want you to believe in something bigger than yourself.
We Are on A Mission!
The mission of F3 Pittsburgh is to plant, grow, and serve small workouts for the invigoration of male community leadership.
We Have 5 Core Principles.
- Free of Charge
F3 is a free men’s workout. There is no one to pay, nothing to buy/rent, no upsell, or cult to join. There is no affiliate program or multi-level pyramid of recruitment incentives. It is just simply free.
F3 is open to all men. We do not care if you are in your 20s or 70s. You are always welcome here. The nature of our workouts is you versus you. Regardless of your age, F3 will have you push yourself without hurting yourself. Besides, there are some 60-year-olds in the group who put us all to shame. Respect, Respect.
- Held Outdoors
Rain or shine? Hot or cold? Yep, we are out there. We literally meet in parking lots and parks around Pittsburgh. Those places where your kids play baseball look completely different at 5:30 a.m. A core principle of F3 is that the workouts are always held outdoors. It is dark, quiet, and wonderful. We call it, “The Gloom.”
- Peer Lead
Men volunteer to lead others in a rotating fashion to deliver a non-professional boot camp-style workout. Everyday is different (depending on who is leading) but the exercises are typically running, pushups, jumping jacks, burpees, stuff like that — and then occasionally doing something called “Murder Bunnies” with a cinder block, but I do not want to freak you out.
- Ends with a Circle of Trust
Every F3 workout ends with a “Circle of Trust” (COT) highlighting the third F of Faith. Participants count off, saying their name, age, and F3 nickname. The Q notes upcoming workouts and other community events and closes with a moment of thought—typically a prayer or a quote.
Do I need to bring anything?
Gloves
Your fingertips and palms will thank you. Leather or rubberized-palm work gloves are common. Think something between golf glove and ski glove.
Cinderblock
a.k.a. Coupon. While most workouts involve body weight exercises, we incorporate a cinder block into the workouts, occasionally. Ok, usually. Lots of us carry spares, too.
Dress for Conditions
There’s no such thing as bad weather, just bad gear. Wear layers, and wicking materials are recommended. And, wash your gear after. It stinks.DUNE REMAKE RECRUITS DAVE BAUTISTA AND STELLAN SKARSGARD
Blade Runner 2049, the 2017 science fiction sequel directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) may have been a relative box office disappointment, but it was also Certified Fresh at 87%, and as the expression goes, “that).
(51)Secondary Information
General Info
Additional Info
Description
Retirement living at its best here at Tapestry. 60 plus property this suite is freshly painted and is situated on the top floor with east exposure. The suite comes fully equipped and yes, there's insuite laundry. Clean move in condition. The Tapestry offers independent living and full amenities for those that want to stay active. Amenities include fitness centre, restaurant , roof top terrace, Spa, Business Centre, Event Planning and so much more. Prospective buyers will require a health assessment prior to being accepted. Pets OK and 1 secured parking. Please book your appt through your realtor.
Request More Information
Listing Courtesy of RE/MAX Andrew Hasman
Lucknow University BSC Time Table 2021 Lkouniv 1st 2nd 3rd Year Scheme =〉 There is yearly based Exam Lucknow University about BSC exam time table though this article. The university of release BSC time table 2021 annual exam on official website. Here our team will upload one PDF file of Lucknow university date sheet 2021 after University released so wait some time for the candidates who are going to present in PG the online Lkouniv post graduate time table exam form has been over in 2021 by Lucknow university. This session year various candidates heave enrolled for post graduate exam form his university. All enrolled candidates can check here BSC time table 2021.
Download Lucknow University BSC time table 2021 Exam Date Sheet=〉 All candidates of Lucknow University will soon able to check and download BSC Exam Routine form official web page. This Ready to conduct exam of BSC Course so all students are want to download Lucknow University Time Table 2021.The exam Time Table is very most part of examination so university providing in before soon of exam start. Here we have given the exam schedule and time table for this Lucknow university. As we know that for any course, exams will be conduct twice in a year that is in so the candidates who are appearing this Lucknow BSC Time Table 2021 exam can refer this. Here we also gave the final years time table 2021. The Lucknow University BSC Time Table releases on its ie..
Lucknow University BSC Time Table 2021 check Here Exam Schedule =〉 This is providing higher education as per with any other university of the state and India. Here we have given the exam time table on this university. Lucknow University is the largest university and provides a good education for student. The university also has a separate best college, which is currently offering courses leading to all degree in several different branches of department . Along the link to the website, we are also serving exact maintained steps so that our users will not be disconcerted in order to download it very simply. After catching in comfort news also get a view about the Lucknow university BSC Exam Scheme 2021.
Latest Update: लखनSC 1st Year Exam Date Sheet 2021- All collegiate have a very good news, now this time the board of Lucknow University made a plan to issues the BSC Part 1st year entrance annual examination date sheet 2021. After the official announcement we will soon provide here BSC exam date sheet 2021 on this page for get more information about BSC time table visit university official website.
Check BSC 2nd Year Exam Date Sheet 2021- All regular and private student who are waiting from a long time to check BSC Part 2nd year exam date sheet 2021. Now they can check and download here own exam dates sheet with simple instruction given in under mention.
See Here BSC 3rd Year Exam Date Sheet- All girls and boys we are give a good news,who were enrolled in the master BSC 3rd year entrance examination 2021.For get more information about BSC, Electronics, Environmental Science, Mathematics, Physics, Zoology.
Note;- The nominated candidates, who are studying for BCA, BBA, B.E.ED, BLLB, B.Tech students,can view their timetable on the official web portal.
How to Download Lucknow University BSC Time Table 2021@lkouniv.ac.in:-
- To check Time Table then open the official website
- Now open Lucknow University official Home Page appear on screen.
- Now go to the “examination section.
- Find the Lucknow University BSC Date Sheet 2021 Link.
- Click on suitable link is available for your search exam scheme / part Wise
- Check subject wise exam dates takes place on screen.
- Download & Save for keeping its hard copy as well.
If you have issued a part of Lucknow University BSC, then apply on Form 2021 as the first, second, third year, then you comment Ask any questions in the box. Our specialists will reply to you as soon as possible. you can visit to get more information our page at
Kakatiya University UG & PG Time Table Download
Kakatiya University UG & PG Admit Card Download
Kakatiya University UG & PG Result Download
3 CommentsAdd a CommentJack cleared to compete again as CAS dismiss appeals for doping ban extension By Michael Houston Thursday, 16 September 2021 The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) and Sport Integrity Australia (SIA) have had their appeals against Shayna Jack's two-year doping suspension dismissed by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), meaning the Australian swimmer is now free to compete again. Jack was initially handed a four-year ban after testing positive for ligandrol, which can be illicitly used for muscle growth.This sentence was halved by the CAS in November after the panel judged she did not intentionally take the prohibited substance.The WADA and SIA were seeking reinstatement of a longer sentence, which, if their appeals were successful, could have left Jack ineligible until 2023.Her period of ineligibility started on July 12 2019, meaning she has served the two-year suspension and is now cleared to compete.On June 26 2019, Jack was tested out of competition and showed positive for the anabolic agent, which is banned according to the WADA Prohibited List.Appeals, filed by SIA and the WADA on December 7 2020 to the CAS, were heard by the CAS panel of Jan Paulsson of Bahrain, Michael Beloff of the United Kingdom and Richard McLaren of Canada on June 28 and 29.The majority of the panel said it agreed with upholding the two-year ban on the basis that Jack had established she had "not intentionally or recklessly consume the prohibited substance".Jack declared her "nightmare is finally over" in a post on Instagram.View this post on InstagramA post shared by Shayna Jack (@shayna_jack)"After a two year and three month battle, I have finally received my final decision that my appeal case has been dismissed by the Court of Arbitration [for Sport]," said Jack.."SIA stressed in a statement that its reason for appeal was for clarity over anti-doping rules, rather than targeting Jack.Now that Jack's sentence is over, she could be aiming for the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Fukuoka in Japan in May and the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games, scheduled to begin on July 28 next year. Timeline© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and HCPLive - Clinical news for connected physicians. All rights reserved.
David Scott's Guides: Investing
in Common Stocks
David Scott's Guides
It may not be rocket science,but investing in today's stockmarket still isn't a piece ofcake, even when it comes tocommon stocks. Fortunatelyfor busy physician-investorsthere are people like David L.Scott, PhD, who turn complicatedfinancial subject matterinto easy-to-understand guides. Withover 30 years'experience teaching investingand financing under his belt,the economic professor turns his attentionto the average investor in his latestwork, ($9.95; HoughtonMifflin; 2005), the fourth book in theseries .
Inside the pages of this 176-pagepaperback you'll find a comprehensiveA-to-Z explanation of stockinvesting. The author leaves noinvestment stone unturned,covering everything from howto make informed stock decisionsto how to select the rightbrokerage firm. And since nogood guide on stock investingwould be complete without aword or two about the risks involved, Dr.Scott dedicates an entire chapter to thesubject. In addition to all of the usefulinformation you'll find to help you builda substantial retirement nest egg, there'salso a handy glossary at the end of thebook. As Dr. Scott admits in the introduction,when it comes to investmentguidance, "it's all here in a concise andinexpensive package that is written ineveryday language."Feb 05, 2021108 Chanting Krishna Gayatri Mantra-108 जप कृष्णा गायत्री मन्त्र Bhakti Ras Pravah February 05, 2021 . To Get Big Success 108 Chanting Yam Gayatri Mantra Spiritual Vibration Sacred Mantra.Get Price
Gayatri devi. 108 names of Gayatri in sanskrit. Gayatri yantras. Gayatri mantra explanation. Gayatri pictures. Ganesha. 108 names of Ganesha v1. 108 names of Ganesha v2. 108 names of Ganesha explained. Ganesha names meanings. 108 names of Ganesha v3. Ganesha bhajana in sanskrit. 108 names of Ganapati in sanskrit. 108 names of Siddhi Vinayaka inGet Price
About 108 Gayatri Mantra. Listen to 108 Gayatri Mantra online.108 Gayatri Mantra is a Sanskrit language song and is sung by S. P. Balasubrahmanyam.108 Gayatri Mantra, from the album Sri Lalitha Sahasranamam, was released in the year 2007.The duration of the song is 35:13.Download Sanskrit songs online from JioSaavn.Get Price
Gayatri Mantra 108 Times Chanting Song - Download Gayatri Mantra 108 Times Chanting mp3 song free online. Gayatri Mantra 108 Times Chanting music album. Gayatri Mantra 108 Times Chanting movie songs download list. Download Hungama Music app to get access to unlimited free mp3 songs, free movies, music album, latest music videos, online radio, new TV shows and much more at Hungama.Get Price
Proceeds go to support the work of Heart of Living Yoga Foundation, helping the poorest children and their families. Find out more on Our Charity page.Get Price
Apr 09, 2020Gayatri Mantra was first recorded in the Rig Veda and was written in Sanskrit around 2500 to 3500 years back. The Gayatri Mantra comprises twenty-four syllables organized inside aGet Price
Listen to Chanting Of The Gayatri Mantra (108 Times) by Rattan Mohan Sharma, 1,176 Shazams.Get Price
Discover Pamela Jain's top songs albums, curated artist radio stations more. Listen to Pamela Jain on Pandora today!Get Price
Sri Varahi Gayatri Mantra - 108 Times - Powerful Mantra for Success August 2021 ~ Varahi Gayatri Mantra Lyrics ~Om Mahishadhwajayai Vidmahe,Dandahastayai Dhimahi,Tanno Varahi Prachodayat ||Varahi Gayatri Mantra Lyrics.Get Price
May 30, 2017The Muniswaran Gayatri Mantra is the Gayatri Mantra dedicated to one of the village deity of South India called Muniswaran. Muniswaran is also often referred/spelled as Muneeswaran, Muni, Muniswarar, and Muneeswarar. Muniswaran is normally depicted holding a Trishul, a sword, and a gada. His vehicle or vahana is the horse.Get Price
About Saraswati Gayatri Mantra 108 Times Song. Listen to Susmirata Dawalkar Saraswati Gayatri Mantra 108 Times MP3 song. Saraswati Gayatri Mantra 108 Times song from the album Shri Saraswati Vandana is released on Jun 2021. The duration of song is 24:56. This song isGet Price
Sep 26, 2015I've been reading many things on the internet about the Gayatri Mantra, and I've seen it said a few times that it does fulfill wishes. I've been chanting it 108 times, 3 times a day for about 43 days, and it's definitely making me calmer, and making me more compassionate, more forgiving, and people seem to like me better.Get Price
Sep 28, 2017Listen to Gayatri Mantra 108 by Shankari on Apple Music. Stream songs including Gayatri Mantra 108.Get Price
Sep 02, 2014Number of Times to Chant : 9, 11, 27, 33, 108, or 1008 times . The Gowri Gayatri Mantra is as below : Aum Maha-dhevyai Cha Vidmahe. Rudra-pathnyai Cha Dhimahee. Thanno Gowri Prachodayath. Gowri Gayatri MantraGet Price
Jun 19, 2020108 Chanting Durga Gayatri Mantra-108 जप दुर्गा गायत्री मन्त्र Bhakti Ras Pravah June 19, 2020. To Destroy Enemy 108 Chanting Ganesh Gayatri Mantra Spiritual Vibration Sacred Mantra.Get Price
The Gayatri mantra is considered to be one of the most powerful of all ancient Sanskrit mantras. Aletha's many voices interweave a full 108 chanting cycle with shamanic calls and angelic tones to awaken the light within and align your spirit with the effulgence of your true nature.Get Price
Jul 18, 2016What is the Significance of chanting a mantra. Related.Get Price
Gayatri Mantra Audio mp3 (108 Times) - गायत्री मंत्र by hindisoch published on 2016-12-06T04:17:25Z. Recommended tracks GANESH MANTRA - Om Gan Ganapataye Namo Namah - 108 Times by Webheavens Munish published on 2019-03-03T15:14:14Z Anuradha Kavita Paudwal - Gayatri Mantra (Sanskrit) by vosemnadcatoelicoknigiGet Price.Get Price.Get Price
Jul 06, 2021Listen to Vyasa Gayatri Mantra 108 Times - EP by Prathamesh Laghate on Apple Music. Stream songs including Vyasa Gayatri Mantra 108 Times.Get Price
Gayatri Mantra 108 Times With Lyrics - Chanting By Brahmins - गायत्री मंत्र Peaceful Chant. Listen to and chant the peaceful Gayatri Mantra 108 times with the help of lyrics.The Gayatri Mantra is one of the oldest and most powerful of the Sanskrit m m1sspretty. M. Coty DeLacretaz.Get Price
Check out Brihaspati Gayatri Mantra 108 Times by Hindu Pandit on Amazon Music. Stream ad-free or purchase CD's and MP3s now on Amazon.Get Price
Aug 27, 2015Gayatri Mantra Full 108 Times - Om Bhur Bhuva Swaha by Suresh Wadkar | Bhakti Dham. 22:46. Shiv Gayatri Mantra - Om Tatpurushaya Vidmahe Mahadevaya Dhimahi by Suresh Wadkar. Bhakti Dham. 30:57. Full Gayatri MantraGet Price
The utmost advantage of chanting the mantra can be attained by reciting it 108 times. Though you may chant the mantra 3,9 or 18 times as per your preference and time. 10 Benefits of chanting Gayatri mantra. Chanting the Gayatri Mantra composed of the fourGet Price
Jul 25, 2017The Nageswari Gayatri Mantra is a divine mantra which gives a wholesome protection for the individual who recites this mantra with utmost devotion. The Nageswari Gayatri Mantra is also chanted to avoid as well as negate all kind of ill effects, curses, spells, and black magic.Get Price
There are many different types of chanting ways of MahaMrityunjaya mantra, but you can chant this mantra at list 108 times in a day for getting good health and wealth. It should also be chant a minimum of 9 times before leaving home and sleeping in the bed. If you chant the Mrityunjaya mantra 1100 times, then you won over the fear.Get Price
Apr 14, 2020Table: Gayatri Mantra. The ideal number of times the mantra is to be repeated is 108 times, though starting with 21 is the most common practice. The most ideal times to recite the mantra would be dawn, mid-day, and dusk, in accordance with the movement of the sun.Get Price
Stream Gayatri Mantra Audio mp3 (108 Times) - गायत्री मंत्र by hindisoch on desktop and mobile. Play over 265 million tracks for free on SoundCloud.Get Price
Listen to Gayatri Mantra 108 Jaap from Suresh Wadkar's Gayatri Mantra 108 Jaap for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists.Get Price
Benefit: Chanting of this mantra invokes Lord Ganesha to remove every obstacle between one and one's well-being and helps to achieve wealth, wisdom, good luck, prosperity and success in all the endeavors. Ganesh Gayatri Mantra. In a fight with Guru Parashuram, he threw an axe at Lord Gajanan which was a gift to him by his father.Get PriceCanary Wharf Property Guide
About Canary Wharf
Michael Heseltine’s 1980s development dream which formed the incredible heartland of skyscrapers, quays and luxury apartments we know today. This is where affordable property and high-end luxury apartments can be bought with incredible views of London and the Thames. It’s not just about big business; why not head to Mudchute farm to feed the animals, relax in Norman Fosters’ masterpiece at the Crossrail Place Roof Garden or buy your seafood at four o’clock in the morning from Billingsgate Fish Market.The Village of Beach Park currently contracts police protection services through Lake County Sheriff's Department. Residents are provided 24 hour emergency response through 911 dispatching. The Village is also provided dedicated patrol services. The Village has had this strong relationship with LCSD for many years, simply because it has worked to keep crime down in a very cost effective way.
The Lake County Sheriff's Department (non-emergency 847-549-5200) is comprised of multiple Beach Park, as well as other areas of the Lake County, perhaps even better than a small Village Police Department.
Property Prevention Tips on Theft
Just a reminder to residents, please make sure to keep your valuables safe and secure by locking your doors, and report suspicious activity to the Sheriff’s Department.In memoriam prof. dr. Louis Grijp
- PUBLICATIEDATUM
- 12 January 2016
On January 9, 2016 Louis Grijp passed away due to a brain tumor at his home in Driebergen-Rijsenburg at the age of 61. He gained international renown both for his research in Dutch song and music culture, and as musician in the ensemble Camerata Trajectina.
Louis was born on January 23, 1954, in The Hague and passed away peacefully. He will be buried in a private ceremony. He is survived by his wife Annemies and their children Tessel and Floris.
Louis studied musicology at Utrecht University and guitar and lute at the Royal Conservatory in The Hague. From 1990 on he was affiliated with the Meertens Institute of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. He went on to occupy leadership and coordinating positions at Meertens, including head of the Documentation and Research Centre for Dutch Song. In 2001 he added a position as professor of Dutch Song Culture, Present and Past, at Utrecht University. In 2003 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
‘Voetenbank’ (Database of ‘metrical feet’)
The Dutch Song Database was Louis’s creation, his life’s main project, his magnum opus: it constituted the convergence of his research, the accompanying documentation, and his musical practice. The idea for the Dutch Song Database was conceived in 1981, when pianist Louis Houët of the KRO (Catholic Radio Broadcasting) commissioned Louis Grijp to write lute music for a radio-play commemorating the birth in 1681 of writer Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft. The radio-play was Hooft’s Geeraerdt van Velsen (one of Hooft’s best-known dramas); it contained imbedded songs for which the producers imagined some soft lute music as background while the texts were recited. According to Louis that was asking for trouble, for Hooft had not included any musical notation. The request initiated Louis’s life-long fascination with tracing and discovering music for which no notation was extant. As a young musicologist at Utrecht University he worked on many different projects, but was soon concentrating on ‘his subject.’ During a research appointment at the NWO (Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research) Louis developed a method enabling him to use a song text’s meter (metrical feet) and rhyme scheme to find a suitable melody or melodies for it. Unique was Louis’s use of a digital database for this work, making him one of the pioneers in the use of digitization for arts research. This database became known as the ‘Voetenbank’ because it counted metrical feet in order to determine the kind of metrical pattern which could be matched to extant music.
Dissertation
In 1991 Louis graduated cum laude from Utrecht University under the supervision of Riet Schenkeveld with his dissertation Het Nederlandse lied in de Gouden Eeuw (Dutch Song in the Golden Age). In it he discusses at length ‘the mechanism of the contrafact’, the manner in which melodies and sometimes also song texts were reused to write new songs (‘contrafacts’). Such writing of new texts to existing melodies is something we in the 21st century witness only in this (peculiarly Dutch) custom at weddings and parties. But in previous centuries even the most venerated Dutch authors – Vondel, Hooft, Bredero – used this technique. Writing a contrafact has an important practical aspect, for an audience can join in the singing immediately and one does not need to incur the considerable expense of printing music. But contrafacts can also have a provocative aspect: a text mocking Geuzen (16th-century revolutionary ‘Beggars’), written on the tune of the well-known Beggars’ song ‘Wilhelmus’, has greater import than a similar song written on an unknown melody. Studying contrafacts generates a great deal of information about social structures: who reacted to which author, group, or event? Who was in which network?
Dutch Song Database
With the Voetenbank that resulted from his doctoral work at Utrecht University Louis moved to the Meertens Institute in 1990, where he was cheek by jowl with the forerunner of his database, the card files of the Dutch Folksong Archive. These card files were ‘truly the Valhalla’[i], as he himself said in a 1995 interview. One of his colleagues there was Fred Matter, whose 1979 Bredero edition had been a great source of inspiration. The Voetenbank was renamed the Dutch Song Database, and where possible more detailed song descriptions were added. The Meertens- and Folksong Archives were mined for initial supplementary material, but Louis was highly successful in obtaining project grants which enabled him to exponentially increase the project’s geographical and temporal reach, locating hitherto unknown sources in places and for times never accessed before. From 1991 the initial 5,700 brief song notes grew to more than 170,000 detailed descriptions in 2016. The Song Database covers the 12th to the 21st centuries, has many extant texts and music in transcription or scan, and is based on sources from more than 300 different libraries and archives. In the past 25 years, more than a hundred colleagues, practicum students and volunteers have expanded the Song Database to its current breadth and depth, always assisted by an inspiring and enthusiastic ‘boss’ who was at the same time the Database’s major and most demanding user.
Multivalent Researcher
At the Meertens Institute, and later at Utrecht University, Louis expanded his area of research from the early modern period to the present: ‘From Hadewijch to Hazes’, as his initial oration as professor at Utrecht University was titled, from renaissance song to dialect music and song festival, from individual songs to Dutch music in general. He was particularly interested in the relationship between ‘folk’ music and ‘art’ music. As main editor of the monumental Een Muziekgeschiedenis der Nederlanden (A Music History of the Netherlands, 2000) he seized his chance to highlight not only classical music but also popular and folk music. With a keen sense for both the spirit of the times and for new, immediately relevant research topics, he saw opportunities for publishing articles and editions which have proven key to further research and are often cited. In his dissertation, with its marriage between music and literature, he had already signaled that he would not be circumscribed by the borders of musicology, his main discipline. In his later work he added disciplines like ethnology and art history, and he supported music retrieval projects. He was an adept and valued collaborator, as the co-authorship of many of his published works testifies, and he was an active contributor to international groups such as the Kommission für Volksdichtung. His heart remained with Dutch song, however, especially if he was able to perform the results of his research with his musical ensemble Camerata Trajectina.
Camerata Trajectina
Louis’s research accomplishments and the Dutch Song Database are intrinsically bound up in his work as artistic director of and lute player in Camerata Trajectina. In an interview he himself said: “If I were to do only research, I would stagnate, if I were to only perform, I would miss the research very much[ii].’ With this ensemble he was able to perform the songs about which he wrote. Many of the group’s recordings are new to the repertoire, in the sense that musical reconstruction was necessary to render historical songs playable and singable. At the same time, Camerata’s performances were hardly archival editions: with its unique arrangement style, the ensemble brought (and brings) songs to life. Both their enormous repertoire and their ability to connect that repertoire to current concerns have earned them the justifiable reputation of being advocates for Dutch music from the Middle Ages to the Golden Age. The ensemble added lustre to many important national commemorations and annually enriched the program of Utrecht’s Early Music Festival, this past spring with a beautiful CD featuring the music of the English composer John Dowland, the last CD made under Louis’s leadership. In 2014 Camerata Trajectina celebrated its 40th anniversary; as crowning celebratory moment, Camerata’s entire oeuvre was made accessible via the Song Database. All of their recordings can now be heard via the Database website.
Recognition
Louis’s work received many distinctions and awards. For his dissertation he received the Erasmus Studieprijs (Erasmus Study Prize, 1991). This was followed by the Penning van de Koninklijke Vereniging voor Nederlandse Muziekgeschiedenis (Medal of the Royal Society for Dutch Music History, 1995), the Vierjaarlijkse prijs voor oudere taal, cultuur en letterkunde van de Koninklijke Academie voor Nederlandse Taal en Letterkunde in Gent (Quadrennial Prize for older language, culture and literature of the Royal Academy for Dutch Language and Literature, 2004), the Visser-Neerlandiaprijs van het Algemeen Nederlands Verbond (Visser-Neerlandiaprize of the General Dutch Union, 2005, together with Frank Willaert), and the Kruyskamp-prijs of the Maatschappij der Nederlandse Letterkunde (Kruyskamp Prize of the Society of Dutch Literature, 2012, with Willaert and Veerle Fraeters). Acclaimed CD-projects are the Antwerps Liedboek (2004) and the box Onder de groene linde (2008). In 2014 the Dutch Song Database received the Nederlandse Dataprijs (Dutch Data Prize) for humanities and social sciences.
Louis-Peter Grijp Lecture Series
Louis meant a great deal to his discipline, and we want to commemorate that importance in an annual lecture. He worked for the development of a research area, rather than on his personal research agenda; more particularly, he worked to develop a method which has already served to answer numerous research questions and which remains a source of inspiration. His teaching, executed with great pleasure, expertise and verve, managed to captivate a younger generation and engage them in ‘his’ subject. In order to give concrete form to the resulting ‘Grijp school’, the Research Group on Dutch Song and the Meertens Institute have set up the Louis Peter Grijp lecture series. This will take place annually on or near ‘The Day of Dutch Song’ (May 10, the day on which, in 1932, the Wilhelmus became the Dutch national anthem), given by a leading researcher in the area of song. The first lecture will be given by Mike Kestemont on May 10, 2016; its subject will be the computational methods whereby it might be possible to determine the authorship of the Wilhelmus.
It is difficult to imagine the Meertens Institute without Louis Grijp. He was an extraordinarily successful and driven researcher who infused his research and led his research group with unparalleled passion. In addition he was very much concerned with the Institute as a whole. Above all, he was a pleasant and lively colleague who, to the end, thought along with others and about the future of the Meertens Institute. We will miss him tremendously.
Hans Bennis (Director, Meertens Institute)
Martine de Bruin (Project Leader, Song, Meertens Institute)
Els Stronks (Professor, Utrecht University)
Translation: Hermina Joldersma
Photo by Annemies Tamboer: Louis on June 19 2015 during a concert in Zwolle. He is holding his favorite instrument: a reconstruction of a Dutch zither. The original was excavated from a boat that sank in the Zuiderzee between 1620 and 1630.
Links
Condoleance.nl, if you would like to express your condolences.
Biography Louis Grijp (in Dutch)
[i] Koenen, L. (1995). “Hadewych zingen gaat je niet in je kouwe kleren zitten”. Akademie Nieuws (35), 2-5 ()One Laptop Per Child XO Compuer
Object Details
- Manufacturer
- Quanta Computer Inc.
- Collaborator
- Nicholas Negroponte, American, b. 1943
- Designer
- Yves Béhar, Swiss, active USA, b. 1967
- Bret Recor, American, b. 1974
- fuseproject, American, founded 1999
- Description
- Open: two green panels flip up at front coners to open cover, clam-shell style, revealing LCD screen flanked by two pierced circular speakers and function buttons, surmounting bright green rubber keyboard above white trackpad; USB, headphone, and microphone ports on side of screen. When in the upright position, the green corner panels, reminiscment of animal ears, act as wi-fi antennas. Closed: flat, off-white rectangular form with green edging, wide rectangular slit as carrying handle at one end, flanked by two holes. Light green plastic X and red circle recessed in cover.
- Credit Line
- Gift of George R. Kravis II
- 2007
- Accession Number
- 2015-5-8-a,b
- Restrictions & Rights
- Usage conditions apply
- Type
- appliances & tools
- Decorative Arts
- Object Name
- computer
- Type
- computer
- Medium
- ABS plastic, polycarbonate, rubber, liquid crystal display, electronic components; steel, copper (power plug)
- Dimensions
- H x W x D (closed): 3.5 × 22.9 × 24.1 cm (1 3/8 in. × 9 in. × 9 1/2 in.)
- manufactured in
- China
- See more items in
- Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum Collection
- Product Design and Decorative Arts Department
- Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum
- Record ID
- chndm_2015-5-8-a-279384_01-000001","idsId":"CHSDM-279384_01-000001","usage":"media--no-openaccess","text":"","type":"images","index":0,"expand":"https:\/\/\/object\/viewer\/edanmdm-chndm_2015-5-8-a_b\/0","caption":"","has_ids":true,"delta":0,"content":"https:\/\/ids.si.edu\/ids\/deliveryService?id=CHSDM-279384_01-000001","alt_text":""}" data-Editor
Community Board Members Bernie Randall and Guy Burns have been informed that Council will recommend on Thursday to make an earlier start on the proposed roundabout at the corner of Ratanui Road and Mazengarb Road. Guy Burns will support the recommendations at the meeting on Thursday.
It follows community concerns raised at the Paraparaumu/Raumati Community Board meeting about the number of accidents and traffic congestion.
Mums doing the morning school run and workers returning home in the evening should be very happy. Surely good news that demonstrates strong advocacy by Community Board members to Council staff through emails can achieve a good result for Paraparaumu residents.
Bernie Randall
Paraparaumu/Raumati Community Board Membersparkfireswan
A&A Week One As Christmas Tree Lot Managers in South Florida
End of Week #78
Hart-T-Trees Christmas Tree Lot, Margate FL
Miles traveled since last week's post = 0 miles
Total miles traveled to date = 11,823 with trailer
Today is our year and a half nomadiversary!
It has already been a smooth 18 months living that nomad life in the RV, and honestly sometimes it feels like it's actually been longer! The time has gone by crazy fast, and there is so much we have already seen and experienced. The decision we made to full-time RV was both the scariest thing we ever did, and the absolute best! Thinking back to everyone we have met, all the challenges we have overcome, and all the incredible backyards we have had - it just leaves me feeling speechless and grateful. I can't wait to see where another year and a half on the road brings us!
Week one as Christmas Tree Lot Managers
Today we are hard at work at the Christmas tree lot, so there is no time for really reminiscing too much on our journey, or celebrating our accomplishments. But we both know in just about a months time we will have plenty of opportunities for both. Today is our 4th day of this workamping position and we are both already feeling so tired and worn out. This position is a marathon, not a sprint, and we are trying to gear up for this weekend - which is bound to be quite busy. Historically Thanksgiving weekend is the busiest one you will have on the lot, so it's going to be a lot for us to take in. So many south Floridians are already buying their Christmas trees early this year and trying to spread as much holiday joy and cheer as they can!
But the good news is that we are getting the hang of things. This morning we received a humongous truckload of trees from a 50+ foot semi - all for us and our lot. I honestly think there were around 700 trees on that truck and they are all stacked all over under our tents right now. We spent the day rearranging, pricing, and organizing. The lot looks very beautiful, and smells better than you could even imagine! This whole process so far has basically been baptism by fire with everything happening at once... but sometimes that's the best way to learn and jump into things! My only real complaints so far is the 5-6 hours of sleep per night and how much my feet hurt. Everything else is honestly quite fun to deal with and I love how excited families and little kiddos get over picking out their live trees.
Adam and I are super fortunate because we have wonderful lot helpers this year, that have worked the lot a handful of previous years too. These young kids know the processes, they know how this place operates and they are efficient. Not all lots have been this lucky, so I feel extremely thankful! It's a lot of hard work to be hustling and slinging Christmas trees all day, and I definitely couldn't get through any of this without Adam. He has also been working his butt off lugging trees around that weigh hundreds of pounds and helping manage our team and our operations. He even ran the cash register today while I spent some time inside typing up this post.
We hope to sell as many trees as possible, in fact we want to sell completely out - and hopefully early! I don't know how many trees that will take, but my goal is to sell 2,000 of them before this time in December. I hope by that time we are looking back on week one and realizing we totally had this under control the whole time and survived it just fine. (We both have had our moments of doubt already, as panic sinks in when we realize how much is going on at once or how much needs to be done...) I keep imagining a white sandy beach with a pina colada in hand, and that is all the motivation I need!
Updates on Roscoe
I did want to take just a quick minute to provide an update on Roscoe and his feline tooth resorption problem I mentioned last week. I was able to take him into a vet hospital about 10 miles away from our lot and they confirmed what I already knew - that he needs some dental work, gum work, and some more tooth extractions. It was a very stressful moment because I had to wait in the van for them to come out and get him and I was not able to go inside with him for the check up. He was so anxious and scared, meowing and trying to get out of the crate. It breaks my heart to think what he must be feeling!
The worst part is that his procedure is going to be quite out of budget - nearly triple the cost of all the work he had done last summer in northern Wisconsin. It's another unplanned expense, added with our recent wheel bearing explosion and it's enough to make someone like me a bit stressed out. But that's what we do for the ones we love, we take care of them! And I couldn't bear making him wait any longer to get his mouth fixed up. Tooth resorption problems can be so painful for cats and there is no way I can continue to put him through that.
His procedure is scheduled for one week from tomorrow, on Wednesday December 2nd. I'm already freaking out about having to leave the lot twice that day, to drop him off and pick him up, but I know Adam and our team will keep everything in good hands here. It will be a tough day for me, knowing I have to leave Roscoe there all day, and knowing how much Rahja will hiss and growl at him when he gets back, but I am hoping once we get this over with it will be uphill from there!
Happy Thanksgiving!
It's crazy to think it's already Thanksgiving, and it's another holiday away from friends and family. I hope everyone out there reading this has a great week, eats some good foods, and at the very least - I hope you an connect with loved ones over the phone or video calls. We will do our best to take a few minutes to do the same, but there is a good chance we will be quite busy on our lot that day. I think we might make turkey hot dogs for the crew so that we all get a small taste of a Thanksgiving meal, ha!
.* Sign up to receive your future #WorkamperNews #Workamping #ChallengesOfTravel #Fulltimetravelchallenges #FulltimeRVchallenges #ChallengesofRVing #ChallengesofMobileLiving #HartTTrees #NorthCarolina #FrasierFir #ChristmasTrees #ChristmasTreelotmanagers Hang on to the edge of your seat with this exciting anthology of Steampunk flash fiction, featuring pairs of stories thirty days apart. Filled with rayguns and corsets, ghosts and gamblers, dragons and airships, Thirty Days Later features stories of intrigue and deceit, of comeuppance and conspiracy, of myths and monsters, of defectors and dilettantes, of time travel and time relentlessly passing. Join us in a nail-biting exploration of the churning worlds of gears, steam, action, and adventure!
Join us for fantastical stories from authors including Harry Turtledove, Kirsten Weiss, Katherine Morse and David Drake, Anthony Francis, Lillian Csernica, Steve DeWinter, and Sharon E. Cathcart as we journey through time and genre.
Available in EPUB, Kindle and PDF formats.
This title is published by Thinking Ink Press and distributed by Untreed Reads.Announcements.
Please see letter and press statement below from Public Health England.
Young Minds have launched 360° Schools, your one-stop shop for mental health, well being and resilience for your whole school.
By joining our Young Minds 360° Schools' Community, you will receive free tips, advice and handy resources straight into your inbox."gotaskpaid.com" - A Fake Internet Work-From-Home Job Website Phishing - Scamming - Fraud - Identity Theft Comments: 10 Views: 1,506 Save Updated: Jan. 15, 2016 2016-01-15T08:21:07 Posted: Jan. 15, 2016 2016-01-15T08:11:06 Online Threat Alerts The website: "," which claims that you can earn $1500 in your first week by simply completing certain tasks in 5 to 10 minutes, is a scam. Do not register with fake websites like "gotaskpaid: "" gotaskpaid: ww.job4living.com Fake Internet Job Website - Earn 50 to 100 USD Daily Easy From Us Fake WebsitesXplore Technologies adds to its rugged tablet range a new model, the iX104C5-M2 built to specifically meet the specialized security needs of military and government personnel. One of the most notable features, other than its ruggedness, is the integrated common access card (CAC) reader for the utmost in data security. An ISO 7816 smart card need to be inserted in order to access information and data appropriate to the user’s security clearance on the tablet.
The fully rugged iX104C5-M2 meets the MIL-STD-810G military specifications and IP67 rating for guaranteed performance in extreme environments. It can withstand a 7-foot drop, immersion in water to 3.28′ (1m), dust and -34F to 140F operating temperature. It is also UL1604 and ATEX Certified for hazardous areas, meaning it operates without causing sparks. The tablet is also MIL-STD-461F Certified for use on both military frontlines and fixed-wing aircraft.
Not just rugged, Xplore’s tablet PC is also powerful featuring an Intel Core i7-620UE processor with integrated HD graphics, and 4GB of RAM (expandable to 8GB). It comes standard with a 160GB mSATA SSD drive and supports dual SSD drives with RAID. The rugged tablet has a 10.4-inch 1024×768 LED-backlit display that is sunlight readable and supports dual-mode touch and pen input. It supports WiFi 802.11n and Bluetooth and optional GPS.
The Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has given an indication that it would look into complaints of some of the over 60, 000 applicants that wrote test for the ongoing recruitment exercise.
Some of the candidates for the Computer-Based Test in Abuja expressed their frustration over ‘technical glitches and timing out’ before the allotted time.
A handful of applicants told THE WHISTLER at centers in Gawarimpa and Jabi areas of Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory that their computers logged them out about 30 minutes before the time allotted lapsed.
The Group Managing Director of the state owned oil corporation, Dr. Maikanti Baru, in a reply to a test message by THE WHISTLER said he had directed a ‘fair assessment’ of all those with genuine complaints.
“I will check and since they are many will direct a fair resolution: to grade them based on what they were able to attempt for the time they spent,” the GMD replied in a text message.
“I have already directed COO, CS to consider the grading to the few affected and lodged the complaint to their invigilators/supervisors.”
Mallam Isa Muhammad Inuwa is the Chief Operating Officer, Corporate Services (COO, CS).
However, thousands of applicants have commended the NNPC for a transparent selection for the CBT.Journalists in Spain have complained of being put under undue pressure and an attack on their professionalism in the wake of events surrounding the independence referendum in Catalonia.
Agrupacion de Periodistas de CCOO, member of the IFJ’s Spanish affiliates, have called for their professional rights to report freely and fairly to be upheld and for a guarantee of freedom of information and expression after unions received widespread allegations of lack of balance and manipulation of information. They claim such attacks led to journalists being threatened and insulted.
Alongside physical attacks on journalists, union members have complained of attacks on their right to report and a threat to their professional freedom arising from management decisions and legal actions being taken against broadcasters.
CC-OO union members at RTVE Catalunya denounced the violation of their right to inform in a strongly worded statement.
IFJ General Secretary Anthony Bellanger said: “We stand in solidarity with our unions in Spain in their battle to uphold their professional standards. Journalists must have the right to report freely and provide fair and balanced information to citizens. Without such a right freedom of expression is threatened and citizens are denied their right to be properly informed.”
Read the full CC-OO statement here
For more information, please contact IFJ on + 32 2 235 22 16
The IFJ represents more than 600,000 journalists in 141 countries
Follow the IFJ on Twitter and FacebookNovember 2019
328 pages.
from $30.00
Hardcover ISBN: 9781503606821
Paperback ISBN: 9781503610330
Ebook ISBN: 9781503610347
Request Review/Desk/Examination Copy
Modern democracies face tough life-and-death choices in armed conflicts. Chief among them is how to weigh the value of soldiers' lives against those of civilians on both sides. The first of its kind, Whose Life Is Worth More? reveals that how these decisions are made is much more nuanced than conventional wisdom suggests. When these states are entangled in prolonged conflicts, hierarchies emerge and evolve to weigh the value of human life.
Yagil Levy delves into a wealth of contemporary conflicts, including the drone war in Pakistan, the Kosovo war, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and the US and UK wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Cultural narratives about the nature and necessity of war, public rhetoric about external threats facing the nation, antiwar movements, and democratic values all contribute to the perceived validity of civilian and soldier deaths. By looking beyond the military to the cultural and political factors that shape policies, this book provides tools to understand how democracies really decide whose life is worth more.
About the author
Yagil Levy is Professor of Political Sociology and Public Policy at the Open University of Israel. He is the author of several books, most recently The Divine Commander: The Theocratization of the Israeli Military (2015).
"A tour de force. Theoretically innovative and empirically rich. With devastating precision Yagil Levy dismantles many of the myths of heroic soldiers and hapless civilians. He shows that the wages of war are far more calculated and deliberate than previously thought."
—Thomas W. Smith, University of South Florida, St. Petersburg
"Yagil Levy's provocative book is an essential correction to standard assumptions about how actors in democratic states weigh the costs of war. Whose Life Is Worth More? reveals the deeper political and social factors that inform hierarchies of life and death among citizens,soldiers, and enemy non-combatants."
—Jennifer M Welsh, Canada 150 Research Chair in Global Governance and Security, McGill University
Following the Leader
Understanding Global Migration
The Arc of Protection
Bread and Freedom
The Border Within
Controlling Immigration
Whose Life Is Worth More?
United Front
Sovereignty Sharing in Fragile States
Aiding and Abetting
Interdependent Yet Intolerant
Networked NonproliferationSometimes,
- Surjya Basak
I'm not beautiful like her, but My heart is most beautiful because i kept her in my heart. "Still I love you baby."
- Harrey
We dint work out but I still love yu
As a person yu r still incredible in my mind
N yu will always be :)
- ANYA
love is a sweet melody sung by two
- sir summany
I'm proud of my heart.
It's been played,stabbed,cheated,burned and broken,
but still it work.
:) :O :P :D
- CHARLETTE ZEL GUANZON
Love Sayings - Expressions of Everlasting Love
Love Saying are sweet and thoughtful verbal expression of love by famouse people. These romantic sayings about Love is always inspirational to all lovers.William F. DiPietra Foundation
2021 William F. DIPietra Film/Video Award Winner Uses Dance to Tell A Story
Steven Ruggiero (Fordham University)
My film uses dance to tell a story instead of words. The protagonist finds a door which takes him from the exterior world into his own interior world where he interacts and grapples with his emotions, represented through a series of dance sequences. The different scenes in the film represent a push and pull between the main character and his feelings: sometimes he embraces those feelings and moves in synergy with them, and sometimes he is at odds with them.. The journey that the main character embarks on is a personal one that doesn't necessarily conclude at the end of the film; rather, this work of "figuring out" oneself is ongoing.
I'm originally from Annandale, New Jersey. I started dancing in second grade when my mother enrolled me in a weekly breakdance class at our local gym. I really fell in love with dance, and continued breaking through high school, at which point I started taking hip hop choreography and ballet. I also became interested in photography and film/video in high school, and I tried to find ways to incorporate my passion for dance into my newfound passion for visual arts. Dance is a very important part of my life and one that strongly influences my artistic taste and filmmaking practice. I'm currently a co-director of Mint Dance Company, a dance team in New York City that participates in competitions and showcases around the tri-state area.
I am a senior at Fordham, double majoring in Film/Television and Visual Arts. I'm also minoring in Psychology. Post-college I'm planning on pursuing work in the film industry. In the past 6 years, I've done a lot of freelance videography, photography, and editing work for clients all around New York and New Jersey. I've shot promotional videos, weddings and bridal showers, dance content, music videos, and a variety of other video jobs. I also regularly shoot headshots and portraits for people, and I photograph events and campaigns, including some for students on campus at Fordham. During the pandemic when a lot of live events and recitals were cancelled, I ended up producing several virtual events that were pre-filmed and broadcast online so that people could enjoy them without leaving their homes. I think that I'll continue freelancing post-college, but I'd like to start breaking into the production world. My dream job is to be a cinematographer on large films, so I'm hoping to start working my way up the ladder!
If you're interested, you can see some of my previous work on my website at stevenruggiero.com.
Young Filmmaker Award (2020)
William F. DiPietra Project Finishing Grant Winners (2020)
Sho Akita, MA
(Long Island University Media Arts Alumnus)
Sho's project is a short, experimental documentary about the Japanese artist Teiji Furuhashi and his time spent in New York City during the 80's and 90's. NYC was his inspiration, a place where he could be out as a gay man, but also where he contracted HIV. Furuhashi is well-known, especially in Japan, and his solo work, LOVERS, is part of the MoMa's permanent collection. Sho's documentary will focus on the missing piece of Furuhashi's narrative, his life in NYC, while telling a story from the AIDS epidemic, an epidemic which many of today's young people know only as an abstract idea. (Late 2020)
Maria Palacio, MFA
(Long Island University Media Arts Alumnus)
"Pay it Forward in Death" is a 4-episode thriller and web-based series. It is about three young women living in NYC who have suffered trauma inflicted by others. The series forces us to question if the victim becomes a victimizer, if victims are justified in their retaliation, and if traumatized people who band together create empower-
ment or toxicity. "Pay it Forward in Death" is meant to entertain with the suspense of each story told but also to question what it means to be a victim for too long. (January 2021)
Rian Ferragamo
I am 14 years old and live in Chantilly, Virginia. I first became interested in filmmaking in 2nd grade when I made simple shorts with my Legos. I took a more profound interest in 5th grade when I made my first-ever series with my siblings called "The House." I used apps on an iPhone such as iMovie to edit the episodes.
Throughout the past three years, my interest and ability in filmmaking has grown and I started producing a lot of mini series and short films. In April 2020, I got my first computer, which strengthened my skills considerably. Now I edit and
I produce my films using a variety of different software on my computer, such as iMovie and DaVinci Resolve.
I'm hoping to purchase one of the Adobe editors when I'm older. I'm still uncertain about the future, but a career in filmmaking is high up on my list. Here are two films that I submitted to film festivals:
Inside the Director's Studio:
Life with COVID-19:
William F. DiPietra Foundation Donates to EMS FDNY Help Fund (2019)
The EMS FDNY Help Fund was established in 2017 after EMT Yadira Arroyo was run over by her own ambulance. The mission of the EMS Help Fund is to support EMTs and Paramedics and their families in the event of death, injury, illness or hardship.
During William's (Bill's) illness his EMS coworkers donated many months of paid time to him. We were all touched by the generosity and kindness shown by so many. Bill often said that he "hoped to do the same for others" when he returned to work. Unfortunately, he returned for only three weeks before passing away in November 2017.
Even though Bill was unable to help those who helped him, the Foundation will now do it for him. In May 2019 the William F. DiPietra Foundation made a $10,000 donation to the EMS FDNY Help Fund. This is in fulfillment of Bill's wish to help those who helped him.
St. Elizabeth Catholic Academy Drama Club Grant (2019)
The St. Elizabeth Catholic Academy Drama Club presented an adaptation of "The Little Mermaid" on March 29, 2019. The Drama Club students (Grades 5-8) wowed the audience with their costumes, singing and acting. William attended St. Elizabeth School from 1981 to 1989 and the Foundation was happy to help fund this year's production.
_JPG.jpg)
_JPG.jpg)
Holy Child Jesus Teen Drama Club Grant (2019)
The Holy Child Jesus Teen Drama Club in Richmond Hill, NY presented its 40th summer production, "Newsies." The acting, singing and dancing were top-notch. The Drama Group is open to teens aged 13-19 who audition, rehearse and present a polished production in six weeks!
Kristi Gatto: The Promise: A Docuseries on Childhood Cancer (2019)
The 2019 recipient of the William F. DiPietra Media Arts Project Finishing Grant (Long Island University) is Kristi Gatto, for her documentary, “The Promise: A Docuseries on Childhood Cancer.” Kristi earned a Master’s in Film and Television Production from Long Island University and is the founder of Risk It Productions.
“I am fortunate enough that my family has never been directly impacted by childhood cancer," Kristi says. "However, that is not the case for many families around the world. Initially, I came across the childhood cancer world when I began following a 4 year old stranger on Twitter. I had not known any statistics or facts about childhood cancer and simply followed her journey. When she passed away, I was surprised at how much it had affected me.
“At that point forward, I threw myself into heavy research and was very disheartened to learn about the truths surrounding childhood cancer. I became an advocate over eight years ago and have been to many events and volunteered my services for varying organizations. I've met many people along the way, including children who have sadly lost their battle and I made a promise to myself that I would do whatever I could to spread the word about a topic that is so often ignored and pushed away because people are afraid of hearing the truth. No one wants to hear about childhood cancer until they are forced into that situation.
"We hope that ‘The Promise’ can spread this message and make change happen because children's lives depend on it.”
Kristi's documentary will premiere in December 2020.
 can lower blood pressure study seen around globe
Global Good News Translate This Article
28 March 2008
On 28 March 2008 Global Good News reported:
A new University of Kentucky study, which appears in the March issue of the American Journal of Hypertension, reports that Transcendental Meditation can effectively control high blood pressure without causing the possible negative side effects associated with anti-hypertension drugs. Since the study first appeared, it has been reprinted worldwide including the US, India, and Estonia.
It is a joy for Global Good News service to feature this news, which indicates the success of the life-supporting programmes Maharishi has designed to bring
fulfilment to the field of health.
15 March 2008, ScienceDaily Meditation Can Lower Blood Pressure, Study Shows 17 March 2008, thepittsburghchannel.com, United States Meditation Lowers Blood Pressure: Other Relaxation Techniques Don't Work As Well 14 March, 2008, University of Kentucky News, Kentucky, United States Meditation Impacts Blood Pressure, Study Shows 15 March 2008, The Cheers, Paikuse, Estonia Meditation can keep blood pressure under control
15 March 2008, Boston Globe, Massachusetts, United States Food for thought 15 March 2008, Thaindian News, Thailand Transcendental Meditation eases high blood pressure: study 17 March 2008, United Press International TM helps lower high blood pressure 16 March 2008, The Hindu Meditation impacts blood pressure, study shows 16 March 2008, Press TV Tehran, Iran TM helps reduce blood pressure 17 March 2008, RedOrbit, Texas, United States TM Helps Lower High Blood Pressure 24 March 2008, Hearth and Stroke Foundation Meditation may lower blood pressure 24 March 2008, Economic Times, India Does the Middle Way really help? ScienceDaily reported: Nine randomized and controlled trials using Transcendental Meditation (TM) 'as a primary intervention for hypertensive patients' were analyzed. The study showed that TM helped reduce about 4.7 mm systolic blood pressure and 3.2 mm diastolic blood pressure. ScienceDaily reported, .' This new study supports earlier findings that showed TM 'produces a statistically significant reduction in high blood pressure', which other stress reduction techniques did not produce. The article quoted Dr Anderson as saying, 'Adding Transcendental Medication is about equivalent to adding a second antihypertension agent to one's current regimen only safer and less troublesome.' According to statistics gathered by the US federal government agency, The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), having high blood pressure can increase a person's chances of developing many types of problems, including congestive heart failure, stroke, heart and/or kidney disease..*Hoodie Only, Sweatpants Sold Seperate
Get cold weather ready in the Hustle Gang Men's Huddle Hoodie. This classic garment gives you all of that long beloved casual comfort with an added contemporary touch of cool. Colorful embroidery and fancy embellishments spice up this humble sweatshirt to pair up an aesthetic with the athletic. Smooth stitching, cuffed hem, and classic raglan sleeves keep heat close to the body for a toasty tailored fit. Large kangaroo pocket give plenty of room to secure all of your belongings or to easily conceal frigid fingers.
Benefits
- Cotton/Polyester blend fabrication
- Classic fit
- Large adjustable hood
- External drawstrings
- Large kangaroo pocket
Life is too short to live without the Hustle Gang Huddle Hoodie. Be happy. Be Content. Be Satisfied.
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 26, 2021
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 26, 2021Margo Miller O: 443-499-3839 M: (301) 524-0999 if (!empty($social)): ?> endif; ?> if (!empty($social)): ?> endif; ?> Home Agents Margo Miller Since 2014, I’ve been proudly helping current and future Central Maryland residents find and finalize the best real estate transaction of their lives. My adaptability and experience in my market has proven time and time again that when it comes to finding the best agent for the ever changing Maryland market, as a veteran or first time buyer I’m the one to call. My client can walk in confidently knowing that I’ll provide the best resources, advice, and expertise, all a tap or phone call away and this is why I am known as the Connectress. As your Connectress there’s nothing I’d rather do than help you find your footing in the luxury market in Central Maryland and can’t wait to help you find the home of your dreams. Margo Miller REALTOR® Office: 443-499-3839 Mobile: (301) 524-0999.Product Detail
What's your story? Tell it in color. Give your story style with our Black Enamel Gold Vermeil Rectangle Locket with a center doublet stone of rock crystal over mother of pearl. Perfect on its own or layered with your other favorite pieces. Locket holds two images.
Your stories are important, let our black enamel and vermeil rectangle locket help you tell them. Fill your locket with The Locket Bar®.
- 18K Yellow Gold Vermeil Over Sterling Silver
- Set with Rock Crystal over Mother of Pearl
- 32" Black Steel Chain and a complimentary 18" Grey Cord to create a second look
- Lockets Measures 1" Tall, .66" Wide
- Holds Two Images. Images easily push into the inside of the locket
#VL-2012<<Introduction: Easy Peasy Minty Pea Soup
This recipe is for a fast and satisfying pea soup using ingredients you probably already have in the freezer and larder, except maybe the mint, and you can get away without that, but you'll just have Easy Peasy Pea Soup :-)
When you're feeling blue in the middle of winter this soup gives you a taste of summer. It is surprisingly economical and the frozen peas are usually fresher than peas bought in the pod at the supermarket or greengrocer. Of course, the freshest peas are those you have just picked from your own plants, but that isn't practical for moat of the year!
Step 1: Ingredients & Equipment
1 lb frozen peas (about 3 1/2 cups) 454g
1 tablespoon butter or oil
1 onion
1 clove of garlic
1 tsp sugar
20 fl oz chicken or vegetable stock (just over 2 cups) 550ml
5 fl oz single cream (1/2 cup) 140ml
fresh mint to garnish
bread - freshly baked if possible
Medium saucepan
Sharp knife
Wooden spoon
Stick blender (or sieve, but it will take longer)
Step 2: The Cooking Bit
Peel and chop the onion and the garlic then heat the butter or oil in the pan and fry the onion and garlic together until softened.
Add the stock and bring to the boil
Add the peas, sugar and the leaves from one sprig of mint and return to the boil, then simmer for 4 to 5 minutes until the peas are tender.
Step 3: Blend and Serve
Whizz it all with the stick blender until smooth, then stir in almost all the cream (leave enough to put a swirl in each bowl), taste the soup and add salt and pepper as desired.
Strip the leaves off 2 sprigs of mint and slice them finely.
Reheat the soup if necessary then divide the soup between 4 bowls, add a swirl of fresh cream and sprinkle a little chopped mint onto each bowl. Serve with a hunk of freshly baked bread
Attachments
Participated in the
Homemade Soup Contest
Be the First to Share
Recommendations
7 Comments
9 years ago on Introduction
I'da never thunk to put mint in pea-soup. sounds like a mighty good idea. :-)
Reply 9 years ago on Introduction
Thanks, it makes the soup more aromatic and fresh tasting. Hope you enjoy it!
9 years ago on Introduction
It needs many materials.
Reply 9 years ago on Introduction
Oil & sugar are usually in the kitchen already and the stock can be made up from a stock cube. Garlic and onions are pretty standard foods to have in the fridge too.
You would need to buy the cream & peas I guess and the mint can be left out if you want.
It is still not an extensive or expensive shopping list.
10 years ago on Introduction
Looks good, unsure on peas and mint, haven't tried it...
Reply 10 years ago on Introduction
When I was a child my mum always cooked our peas fresh from the garden with a sprig of mint. It doesn't add an overwhelming flavour, but makes it all a bit more aromatic. If someone offered me a polo, or a minty chocolate I would turn it down because I don't like mints!
Reply 10 years ago on Introduction
I know the difference alright, I was just wondering, I'll add a little next time I'm having pea soup...A Netflix officially renewed the series ‘Arcane‘, animation based on the popular game ‘League of Legends‘, for the 2nd season.
“We are delighted with the positive reception of the first season of ‘Arcane’, and we are already working hard with the creative wizards of Roit and Fortiche to develop the second season.” stated the co-creators Christian Linke e Alex Yee.
Hailee Steinfeld (We), Ella Purnell (Jinx) e Katie Leung (Caitlyn Kiramman) have already had their returns confirmed in the next cycle.
Set in the thriving Piltover region and the downtrodden underground city of Zaun, the story explores the origins of two iconic champions and the power that will tear them apart. Amid the conflict between these twin cities, two sisters fight on opposite sides of a war between magical technologies and incompatible beliefs.
The series was created by Christian Linke e Alex Yee.
Enjoy watching:
Be sure to watch:1 set includes 10 fold cards with envelopes, 10 gift tags & 20 flat cards
Keep your stationery organised & ready to use with these handy Mini Boxes. Get a set personalised for your self or as a thoughtful gift for someone special!
Box : 5.25" x 7.5"
Paper : Printed on 230/250 gsm fine imported paper
Once your order is placed, we will email you a digital proof for approval within 2-3 business days. Product ships within 5 to 7 business days from date of approval of digital artwork.Question
Nearly every morning I wake up with an aching back.
I have changed my bed to an orthopedic bed with no improvement.
Once I am up and moving about the pain goes away, but in bed the pain is usually so bad it wakes me up.
I have no back problems in my normal day-to-day routine.
The pain is within the lower part of my back. It doesn't feel as if it's the actual spine that the pain is coming from - it's more muscular
Answer
If this is disrupting your life then it should be properly assessed and investigated.
Your first port of call should probably be your GP, but an osteopath might come up with a solution for you.
Yours sincerely
The NetDoctor Medical Team
Other Qs & As
A bad back puts me off the missionary position
Back pain during pregnancy
Back pain is ruining my life
Back pain when I lay on my stomach
I get back pain but can't take anti-inflammatories
Lower back pain and ibuprofen
Lower back pain: a muscle strain or kidney stones?
Pain in the middle of my lower back
What can I do about the pain in my back?
Last updatedWindows are the cornerstone of Remodel-Design. In 1984, Michael Bongiovanni founded Windows and Doors by Bongiovanni Corporation in Ridgefield, NJ, becoming a premier sales and installation company averaging installation of 300-500 windows/month. As a Certified Installer of leading window industry products, we complete your home renovation project according to top industry standards.
Nobody knows windows like we do.FiLM REVIEW: Tu Pug Imatuy (The Right to Kill)
Director: Arbi Barbarona
Screenplay: Arnel Mardoquio
Cinematography: Arbi Barbarona, Bryan Jimenez
Editor/Sound Designer; Arbi Barbarona
Assistant Director: Christine Austero
Musical Director/Scorer: Arnel Barbarona
Art Director: Raleon Monsanto
Production Designer: Bagwani Amplayo
Producers: Norhaiya Diabo Macusang, Milo Tolentino,
Arnel Mardoquio, Arnel Barbarona
Cast: Malona Sulatan, Jong Monzon, Luis Georlin Banaag III.
Jamee Rivera, Jillian Kahyle Barabaron, Henyo Ehem,
Mentroso Malibatu, Nona Ruth Sarmiento
In the most recent URIAN awards ceremony , a Mindanawon independent filmmaker, Sheron Dayoc, won Best Director for his film – WOMEN OF WEEPING RIVER – which also won as Best Film for 2017. This was a major triumph for a Mindanawon filmmaker, not only because an Urian award is the country’s prestigious film accolade, coveted by filmmakers and actors, but Dayoc won over two of the most highly-esteemed and award-winning Filipino film directors who have made waves in international film festivals as those in Venice and Cannes, namely, Lav Diaz and Brillantes Mendoza.
This is, of course, not the first time a Mindanawon filmmaker is honored by the Urian film critics group. Earlier, Arnel Marodquio and Teng Mangansakan have also been cited for their attention-grabbing and distinguished films dealing with Mindanawon realities. And now comes, a younger Mindanawon filmmaker who is following the footsteps of Dayoc, Mardoquio and Mangansakan.
With TU PUG IMATUY (THE RIGHT TO KILL, Arbi Barbarona who hails from Davao City, could follow the same route. Already the film won as Best Film at the Quezon City Cinema filmfest early this year.
This is not Barbarona’s first film. He has directed a few more films including a number of short films.
Barbarona (as both Arbi and Arnel) is that rare filmmaker, as one can see in the credits above. Not only is he the director of this film, but he also assisted in the cinematography, did the editing and sound scoring, as well as took care of its musical score. He is also one of the film’s producers. The only major task in the film that he did not undertake was to play the lead part (a temptation usually for quite a number of Hollywood movie actors turn directors).
This is truly an indicator that Barbarona is an accomplished filmmaker. Having honed himself in terms of the art and techniques of cinematography and editing, Barbarona was poised to become a good film director. With Tu Pug, Barbarona demonstrates his range of talents and skills in filmmaking. One will not be surprised if this film will be considered by the Urian critics for the awards in 2018.
The film is riveting; the viewer’s full attention from the opening to the closing frame does not waver. One’s gaze at the screen is fixed through all the scenes, even as some of these assault the senses in terms of the graphic display of violence and degradation. The viewers are bombarded with images that penetrate their hearts yielding a range of emotions from anger at those who can just so easily violate the rights of the weak to pity for the victims to fear of how these same scenes are still occurring until today. On the other hand, the mind is gripped with disturbing thoughts as to how this situation unfolded in the uplands and which continue to be echoed in today’s headlines both in mass and social media.
The film’s credit indicates that its story line is based on true events that unfolded in the uplands at the boundary of Bukidnon and Davao – the location of the Matigsalug’s ancestral domain in 2014. It follows the life of a Matigsalug nuclear family occurring during a few days of that year. New People’s Army (NPA) rebels continued to locate themselves within this Lumad territory. The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) also continued to pursue them in terms of its guerilla war against the rebels by engaging them in a jungle warfare in a landscape where forests had disappeared owing to massive logging operations and are now being explored for purposes of mining.
Dawin and Obunay are parents of three young children living in this remote upland area. Hunger stalks the land as food becomes scarce even if they continue to gather food including trapping wild boars through holes with pointed bamboo sticks. As the wild pigs fall into the holes, they are not only trapped but are killed as their bodies hit the sharp sticks. The first tragedy takes place with the death of their youngest child who earlier got sick. Securing mongo beans in the main village where the datu resides, Dawin and his two surviving children are arrested on the spot by a squad of fully armed military men.
Upon suspicion that Dawin knows where the rebels hide, the soldiers force him to bring them to their hide-out. But along the way, his wife also gets arrested. Both are then tied together as they are forced to lead the soldiers further into the rebel territory. However, along the way, the soldiers needed to entertain themselves at the mercy of the couple whom they forced to copulate in front of them after stripping them of their clothes (a clear metaphor of stripping them of their human dignity). These are frightful and harrowing scenes, graphically shown on the screen. Ironically, the scene unfolds amidst the beauty of a waterfalls with pristine waters sparkling in the glow of moonlight.
Finally they reach the part where the soldiers claim that they had found proof of the rebels’ presence, namely the existence of a one-room Lumad school where mothers and their children attend classes conducted by a literacy teacher. Accused of being a communist front, the teacher and the parents are harassed and made to be captives with the teacher tied to a post. As evening approaches and the soldiers all sleep without any one watching over the captives, Obunay manages to free herself and gets all of them freed. She and Dawin also make an attempt to escape but are immediately caught again by the soldiers who managed to wake up in the middle of the night.
This leads to the tragic killing of Dawin. The rebels then engage the soldiers in a gunfight, as Obunay escapes. But one part of the squad pursues her. Having mobilized her courage and astuteness, Obunay leads them to the hole meant for wild boars. What happened then provides the final frames of this film. But as credits roll, the real Obunay appears in a documentary short footage retelling the events that took place in 2014, providing the film its powerful ending.
There are many elements that constitute the high aesthetics of this film. The cinematography is quite impressive, considering the limitations of the film’s budget. A number of scenes needed to be shot at night, but the images remain clear. The camera provides details of life in the uplands from the crawling insects to the ferns whose leaves laden with the early morning dew sparkle in the early sunlight. The sounds of the forests are well-recorded and provide the needed atmosphere to establish the film’s space and time constructs. Part of the musical scoring are indigenous chants that are echoed across mountain ranges. Efforts were made to provide sub-titles, but unfortunately some of the chants have no sub-titles.
Considering that Barbarona’s main cast are Matigsalug themselves who are amateur actors, one can only have high praises as to the manner that he gets them to act as naturally as possible. The two main leads Malona Sulatan (Obunay) and Jong Monzon (Dawin) are most impressive not only because they are Lumad themselves but the manner they walk, talk and emote are what one observes while inter-acting with the Lumad. Sulatan especially has the talent to show deep emotions and acts with a sense of confidence, having truly energized the core identity of Obunay. How her face mirrors the pain of being violated as a woman is heartbreaking. Even as she is forced to walk around naked, she retains her sense of personhood and dignity. And one could tell that before the film ends, she would be astute enough to find a way to save her life while exacting the just revenge against her oppressors.
The film while documenting events three years ago remains very relevant in view of the recent pronouncements of President Duterte to bomb Lumad schools for being “communist fronts.” Thus the film ended, but its reality persists. Life, indeed, imitates)In our last post, we discussed the definition of disability for purposes of awarding Social Security disability insurance. This week we will discuss the medical evidence that is necessary to make a determination as to whether one is considered disabled for the purposes of receiving benefits. While this post is not a substitute for the advice of a legal professional, it should provide more information regarding medical evidence and Social Security.
It is the responsibility of applicants in Pennsylvania to provide the Social Security Administration with medical evidence demonstrating both the existence and the severity of their illnesses, injuries or impairment. That being said, the SSA, per the consent of the applicant, may in some circumstances aid the applicant in obtaining the necessary medical reports.
Usually, medical evidence comes from the doctors, hospitals, therapists and other sources that have examined and treated the applicant with regards to their disability. Social Security regulations define what is to be considered an accepted medical source. Acceptable medical sources include licensed physicians, licensed optometrists, licensed psychologists, qualified speech-language pathologists and licensed podiatrists.
The regulations promulgated by the SSA emphasize evidence should be obtained from what are considered to be treating sources, because these sources may be best able to provide a detailed picture of the applicant’s illness, injury or impairment, as compared to a one-time examination or brief emergency room visit. Gaining a report from a treating source can expedite the claims process by providing sufficient information without the need for further medical evidence. Reports should contain information pertaining to the applicant’s medical history, lab results, clinical findings, diagnoses, treatment and a statement regarding the applicant’s abilities.
In a future post we will discuss whether and when consultative exams are necessary. Until then those with questions about the medical evidence needed to complete their SSDI application may want to seek the advice of a legal professional.
Source: ssa.gov, “Disability Evaluation Under Social Security: Part II – Evidentiary Requirements,” accessed Jan. 19, 2015A Toolkit for Building and Growing a Sustainable Telehealth Program for Your Practice Prepared in Collaboration With the American Academy of Family Physicians Date: 09.15.20 Download Insight Edith Coakley Stowe Manatt Health Jared Augenstein Manatt Health Michelle N. Savuto Manatt Health Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, telehealth technology had been incrementally changing the practice of family medicine in the United States. In March 2020, only 13% of American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP) members had provided video or telephone visits to their patients. By May 2020, 94% of members were regularly doing so, aided by sweeping temporary policy changes that brought down many of the regulatory and reimbursement barriers that had inhibited the growth of telehealth for years. For family medicine practices, the COVID-19 pandemic laid bare the inadequacy of fee-for-service (FFS) payment. However, the COVID-19 pandemic has also allowed family medicine practices to innovate. Many family medicine practices are finding that telehealth is a powerful tool to promote continuity of care; offer convenient, routine care across a broad range of cases; and improve coordination with specialists outside the practice. Perhaps most importantly, during the pandemic, telehealth has become overwhelmingly popular with patients by enabling access to care without fear of infection. Telehealth has the potential to transform the healthcare experience for elderly patients, patients with chronic conditions, patients with disabilities and patients living in remote or underserved areas. To meet the increasing demand, family medicine practices will need assurances that telehealth will continue to be paid for at appropriate rates as it has been on a temporary basis during COVID-19. Manatt Health assisted AAFP in developing a new toolkit for family medicine practices as they plan for the medium term. When the COVID-19 pandemic recedes, the regulatory landscape for telehealth will shift to a “new normal.” Although payment policy decisions were not yet made at the time of the toolkit’s publication, it is increasingly clear that the payment environment will not look the same after the COVID-19 pandemic. In this new environment, alternative models of virtual care outside primary care are likely to expand rapidly, vying for the same patients served by family practices. Therefore, it is important for family practices to engage in medium-term planning now. Developing and implementing a telehealth strategy requires an understanding of the regulatory environment and the skills to make it work. Family practices may try a range of approaches, test ideas and get feedback from patients as they stay abreast of changes to payment policies across payers. The toolkit covers all the major issues family practices will encounter as they move through this process, including: Reviewing telehealth services and payment Providing key considerations for family medicine practices as they move their telehealth services to sustainability Laying out a series of family medicine scenarios for telehealth Click here to access the full toolkit. Download InsightMinolta RP-101, RP-405, RP-407 and
RP-1824 Microfilm Reader Printers
A brief technical perspective
by Evis Beaton – Microfilmworld.com
In the 1970’s
Minolta Camera Company manufactured a series of “electrostatic-liquid”
microfilm reader printers. This product line used a liquid petroleum based
distillate mixed with pigmentation (ink) and a 500 ft. roll of electrostatic
paper available in 8.5” and 11” widths. The machines would accept a roll of
paper at the back of the unit that would feed up to an initial load roller
actuated by an electro-mechanical friction clutch. These system all had a rotating
multi cam switch mechanism which activated and deactivated the various
functions of paper feed, cut, transport, vacuum, exposure stop, and
synchronization of mirrors.
These systems
all had tanks to hold up to three quarts of “Liquid Toner”. After loading microfilm onto the machine and
lining up an image, you would hit the print button for the magic to begin.
Initially,
the paper feed roller kicked into play and began to feed paper off the
continuous roll, when the leading edge of the paper activated (according to the
selected paper length) the paper cut switch located in the paper feed path, the
cutter solenoid would trigger the cutting the paper instantly and that paper
continued to feed into the High Voltage charging area. This electrostatic paper
was coated on one side (the exposure side) with a material that would accept
and hold a charge that could be discharged when exposed to light. The paper was feed to the top of the system
and to the exposure bed via suction transport belts. These were belts maybe 3”
wide with many holes throughout, there were 4 of these belts side by side and a
large vacuum motor above the belt system that created enough suction to keep
the paper glued to the belts during the 8-15 second exposure pause (yes a long
wait time for a copy!).
The image
that was on the microfiche screen was projected onto the unexposed paper by
means of a moving mirror system that used several mirrors to switch from view
mode to print mode, exposing the paper (the front screen went dark during this
process) then coming back to view position once the exposure was made. After
exposure, the suction belts transported the paper to the image processing area
were metal rollers fed the paper through a bath of liquid toner where the toner
would magnetically be attracted to the unexposed areas of the paper (the latent
image) thus adhering to those areas and finally being squeegeed by two sets of
rollers before exiting the top front of the unit. The paper exited damp and had
to be placed to the side to dry for some seconds. The copy quality was good if
the microfilm resolution was good, not that good with bad film, especially
positive film like 35mm newspaper film. For the time, it was what was available
and most users just got used to the idea of the liquid reader printer. Many
customers complained to their technicians about the smell the liquid toner gave
off as well as the ink solution they got on their hands as they handled the
freshly printed paper.
Needless to
say, the liberal use of so many micro switches along with relays and motors
made for temperamental functionality which was the source of many service
calls. The liquid toner began to degrade once poured into the machine so
whether a customer used the machine or not, the toner was getting weaker by the
day. Minolta sold a lot of liquid toner in those days. I know that liquid toner
and electrostatic paper supplies were a profit center, as were service
contracts and non-contract service calls in our market. I was trained on the
operation, repair and maintenance of these liquid systems at the
Mino-Micrographics Cypress, CA facility as well as the Rolling Meadows, IL
Minolta training center.
The entry
level unit was the RP-101 (RP stands for Reader-Printer) which was a rather
small table top unit, metal framed but with plastic exterior panels. The RP-101
was for microfiche only, with no roll film carrier attachments.
The RP-405
was the most popular unit, a more robust mechanical system offering choice of
letter or legal size copies and offered a standard Fiche Carrier with optional
motorized roll film carriers for open spool film as well as 3M Type Cartridges.
The RP-407
was the “engineering” model because it accepted both 8.5” and 11” wide rolls
allowing the user to make an 11x17” print which was popular with public
libraries, county recorders and engineering applications.
Minolta later
released and “E” version of each of these units (RP-101DLE, RP-405E and
RP-407E). The “E” designated the “Auto Exposure” feature that was added to the
system so that a user could theoretically put the unit in “Auto Exposure” mode
and not waste prints trying to adjust the image quality. It was an improvement
and did save the consumer money in wasted supplies but was not always reliable
because the CDS Cells (Cadmium Sulfide) used to generate the exposure setting
sat behind a partially reflective mirror that had to stay clean in order for
the cells to receive the light from the image and make the exposure adjustment
accurately. The system had problems with 35mm positive newspaper film since there
are many pictures vs. text that media and the extra light from the pictures
threw the system off. Technicians generally asked users to take the unit off
auto exposure and to use manual exposure in when using 35mm newspaper film.
These systems
were sold in the U.S. and worldwide until the early 1980’s when Minolta
released their dry “micro-toning” system for microfilm reader printers which was
already in use with their photo copier line.
The RP-1824
was a strange one-off unit that bridged the gap between the “liquid” and “dry
micro-toning” technologies. The 1824 was an engineering reader printer that
printed as large as… you guessed it, 18x24”. It was an “electrostatic dry”
technology which incorporated much of the systems found in the liquid machines
such as electrostatic paper, high voltage charging, paper roll cutter and
exposure times that were even longer since the image was being projected on a huge
piece of paper. I remember it could take 15-20 seconds for a paper to expose,
and then it would pass to the developer unit where dry electrostatic toner was
attracted to the paper by way of a magnetic roller. The paper was then pressed
between a steel roller squeegee system that essentially smashed the toner into
the paper causing it to permanently adhere. This system was very temperamental!
Copy quality problems because of bad toner, bad paper and inconsistent HV
charging was common, the paper cutter system was prone to malfunction and it
was generally a nightmare of a machine and a source of constant service calls
and technician frustration..Transform Your Work with the Wonder of Japanese Shears in Your Hair Salon
If you work with hair every day, you know that all scissors are not created equal. You've worked with professional cutting shears that were not up to par before. You weren't happy with the results. You are dedicated to giving your clients a work of art every time they walk out the door. That means investing in the best equipment. Japanese hair shears are designer hairdressing scissors that can give you an edge when you are serving your clientele. They have a reputation for excellence. Experience the way they are set apart from the competition for yourself.
Read more...
Find Out Why Hair Stylists Love Japanese Shears for Hair Styling
There is nothing you love more than transforming someone's hair to make them happy. Japanese hair shears can help you to make your goals happen. You can bring your work to the next level. You'll find that the metal in Japanese shears is some of the strongest in the industry. Stronger metal will give you a better cut, whether you are working with dry or wet hair. You can also enjoy advances that the Japanese have implemented in their hair shear design. Their innovations will pay off for your clients with our professional hair cutting shears.
Quality Professional Hairdressing Scissors Will Mean More Happy Stylists
Put these quality shears in talented hands, and you will get amazing results. You can help your clients to have a satisfying experience with you when you make the most of your talents. Your first-rate shears will assist you in making more precise, delicate cuts. An added benefit is the proper fit for you. When you find Japanese shears that are built to be ergonomic, they'll allow your fingers and thumb to be aligned properly. They'll also give your thumb movement. When your hand is given comfort during the cut, it will be more flexible. You'll also be able to make it through a long day without placing strain on you.
Shark Fin Professional Shears offers you a comprehensive selection of high-quality Japanese hair shears and professional hair shears set. Turn to Shark Fin for your personal and professional styling tools.KN.
If you have any visual impairments, total blindness, or perhaps dyslexia, KNFB Reader will allow you to read your own mail, brochures, receipts, and restaurant menus without any assistance. It will give you a true sense of independence and freedom.
KNFB Reader can read:
- Receipts
- Package labels and mail
- Product and nutritional information
- Print on your computer or tablet screen
- Longer documents such as books and user manuals
- Private documents such as tax materials, mortgage documents, bills, and medical reports
- Ebooks and documents in the ePub format
- Documents in more than thirty languages
How It Works
First, purchase and download KNFB Reader from your app store:
- Download KNFB Reader from the Apple App Store
- Download KNFB Reader from Google Play
- Download KNFB Reader from the Microsoft Store (tips for navigating the Microsoft Store)
Then, you can use KNFB Reader to take a photo of any text and it will read the text out loud or turn it into Braille that can be read on a refreshable Braille display. You can also save, export, and share your documents.
Innovative Features
We are constantly improving KNFB Reader's capabilities. Among its most innovative features are:
- Text Detection (shows you where there is print to capture)
- Tilt and Viewfinder Assist (ensures you capture the entire page)
- Text Highlighting (pinpoints text for dyslexic and other print-disabled users)
More Information
Learn more about KNFB Reader and access video tutorials at knfbreader.com. You can also listen to this ninety-second audio ad. For technical support, please contact us at [email protected] or 410-659-9314, option 7.
How to Give KNFB Reader as a Gift
To give KNFB Reader as a gift, you can purchase and give a gift card to the recipient's app store (i.e., the Apple App Store, Google Play, or the Microsoft Store) which they can redeem whenever they want. Or, in the Apple App Store, there is a "Gift App" function available on every paid app. Select "Gift App" from the KNFB Reader description screen and then you can enter the recipient’s email address (you will need to use the email they have linked to their Apple ID), a gift message, and a specific date to send your gift.US Dollar Technical Outlook: DXY Rally Reversing Again, Watch Support
USD Technical Outlook
- DXY rally reversing again, a familiar pattern we’ve seen
- Watch the recent breakout area for signs of support
US Dollar Technical Outlook: DXY Rally Reversing Again, Watch Support
The US Dollar Index (DXY) is following a familiar pattern we’ve seen on a few occasions this year – strong rallies that look sustainable but then reverse lower. The breakout candle (Wednesday) above resistance discussed not long ago lasted a single day so far.
The breakout area, the August high and trend-line running over from the March high, is getting tested already. Support doesn’t seem likely to hold but we will give it the benefit of the doubt for now. If we see a strong test and reversal off support then perhaps the rally has further to go.
In this scenario, the March 2020 low that was validated in September of last year would be next up as resistance in the vicinity of 94.67. It may take a period of consolidating before this happens, but whether a rally would reconvene sooner or a little later it would in either case demonstrate a change in behavior from before.
For some time now the DXY has had a propensity to get a move started only to stop and reverse – a symptom of low volatility. If the same pattern is to continue, then support may hold, but will only be temporary before more weakness comes in.
In the event the same ole routine is playing out, then a break of support is seen as having the DXY head lower towards the May trend-line.
From a tactical standpoint, would-be longs may want to look to support to enter for a trend continuation. For those looking to take advantage of further weakness, waiting for support to break first may be the prudent way to go.
US Dollar Index (DXY) Daily Chartdata-image-original-width="680" data-image-original-height="370" alt="DXY daily chart" style="padding-bottom: calc(370 / 680 * 100%);" width="680" height="370".ABOUT PRESERVATION ARTISANS GUILD
The Preservation Artisans Guild provides an opportunity to connect with restoration professionals who are passionate about the preservation and conversation of period resources.
The Preservation Artisans Guild was founded with a simple mission: to connect the public with truly qualified experts in preservation and conservation. We know historic buildings, antique furniture, and period decorative arts can be irreversibly damaged when handled and cared for improperly. Preservation Artisans Guild connects the public with true restoration professionals who are passionate about the preservation and conservation of period resources.
THE PRESERVATION ARTISANS GUILD BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Karla Pearlstein, President:
Karla is an active historic preservationist, specializing in and with a particular affinity for period kitchens and bathrooms through her consulting company Restoring History. Karla relies on her extensive knowledge, as well as ongoing research to guide building owners and contractors through the often confusing process of historical renovation. Karla is also the co-founder of Ariel Grace Design, a PAG member that specializes in custom-made floorcloths.
Gwen Jones:
Gwen is the co-founder of Ariel Grace Design, a PAG member that specializes in custom-made floorcloths. She is also the co-owner and manager of PAG member Bolling & Company, which specializes in rare, museum-quality papers from 1880 – 1930, offering framed remnants, original rolls and custom reproductions. Prior, Gwen held a variety of positions in technology companies in the Bay Area.
Tess Strand:
Tess is the Deputy Executive Director for The Lincoln Project Super PAC. As a local small business owner with over 15 years experience supporting non-profits, public officials, and entrepreneurs, Tess also works with select clients in various capacities (project manager, consultant, or contractor) toward tangible growth and development both online and off. Tess blends her many talents into a passion for creating educational programming, messaging, and events to further the PAG mission to preserve our historic material culture.
Matthew Roman, Advisor:
Matthew Roman has 25 years of experience working to preserve the Northwest’s architectural heritage both through architectural design and support of not-for-profit organizations. His work includes numerous renovations and restorations of historic structures throughout the Portland/Vancouver area. He has served on the Board of Directors for the Pittock Mansion Society and Restore Oregon, elected board chair of both organizations. Matthew is a founding member of the Preservation Artisans Guild and generously served the organization as the board treasurer until the end of 2019. In 2016 he was appointed by the mayor to the Portland Historic Landmarks Commission where he currently serves. A graduate of the University of Notre Dame School of Architecture, Matthew founded Roman Design, LLC in 2006 offering traditional residential design services rooted in classical principles and
regional precedents.
Roy Fox, Advisor:
Roy Fox is an active participant in the preservation of the built and natural environments. He and his wife, Kim, have restored three homes - a condemned 1884 farmhouse, a 1923 bungalow and an 1890 Victorian cottage slated for demolition, all located in Portland. Their restoration work has brought them into contact with many designers and craftspeople including masons, carpenters, woodworkers, plasters, plumbers, electricians, and so many more who love to work on old houses. Roy, in particular, has honed his personal skills in many of these areas and is undaunted by the challenge of restoration. Roy is retired from a career at the Bonneville Power Administration and now focuses his time on travel, hosting travelers, restoration work and strategic planning assistance to nonprofit organizations. In between these activities you can find Roy volunteering at places like Lan Su Chinese Garden or riding his bike all around the region.
Award-winning Craftsmanship
Many of our members have received some of the highest awards for their quality craftsmanship and high-level of expertise. They are some of the best people in the country at what they do.
Diverse Specialties
Our members come from diverse backgrounds and skill-sets, specializing in unique areas while presenting quality work, ranging from paintings and other artwork, to appliances and lighting.
Angels Project for Pittock Mansion
The Pittock Mansion is recognized as one of the premier house museums in the entire Pacific Northwest. It was the vision of Oregon Pioneers Henry and Georgiana Pittock to build a grand estate overlooking the City of Portland. Learn more here.
BUILDING TRADES . FINE ARTS . DECORATIVE CRAFTS
An entire network of skilled craftspeople who are passionate about preservation and restoration.Description
Fan of the WCF One Piece range? This new range WCF One Piece Burst should delight you. These 7 cm figures are accompanied by integrated effects, putting them fully in value.
--
Pack of 6 PVC figures on base for the World Collectable range Figure. Find iconic characters from One Piece, who marked the Reverie arc in this WCF Revolutionary Army with Dragon - Sabo - Morley - Belo Betty - Karasu - Lindbergh. Also available other packs in the same collection.Earlier this month Ottawa announced it will ban single-use plastic items including grocery bags, plastic cutlery and straws by the end of next year.
Then, last week, Ontario announced a new recycling plan that includes adding those items for collection province-wide in a revamped blue-bin program.
The incongruity of a provincial recycling program expanding to pick up the very items that the federal government is banning is, unfortunately, just one of the problems in this area.
The biggest concern with Canada’s strategy for “zero plastic waste” and Ontario’s promised “stronger, more effective blue box program” is that in both cases the early focus is on simple pieces with public appeal.
Both leave the more complex but much more important work for later. And we’ve all seen too many initiatives that never quite get around to delivering on the bolder stuff down the line.
Ottawa’s plan starts by banning six plastic products that are visible pollutants of land and waterways and for which relatively easy alternatives already exist.
Ontario begins with standardizing what items go in blue boxes across the province and shifting the cost of the program from municipal taxpayers to those who make the products.
Neither are bad moves; indeed, both need to be done. Single-use plastics are a scourge that should be reduced and municipalities should be relieved of the cost of a program that becomes more expensive and less effective with each passing year.
As a society we produce an unconscionable amount of waste. That’s been particularly easy to see with so many people staying home because of the pandemic and getting ever more things delivered.
Nearly half the plastic waste produced in Canada comes from packaging. All that waste, and it isn’t even from the things we need and want but from the stuff wrapped around them. People with access to blue box recycling programs fill their bins to overflowing and dutifully haul them to the curb for pickup.
But that has a less positive impact on the environment than we like to believe. When all the sectors, residential to industrial, are factored in it’s been estimated that less than seven per cent of Ontario’s waste is recycled through the blue box program.
That’s why it’s not enough to ban a few single-use plastic items or shift the burden of who pays for a recycling program.
To their credit, the federal and provincial governments say their ultimate plan is to reduce how much waste is produced in the first place and ensure that what is produced is easier to recycle into new products. And the way to achieve those worthy aims is by making manufacturers responsible for the end-life costs of their products and meeting environmental goals.
Making that a reality, though, will take a lot of complex regulatory work.
So Ottawa shouldn’t get so wrapped up in fighting the mini-battles over which plastic products it’s banning that it loses focus on the bigger challenge of fundamentally transforming the economics of waste.
And Ontario can’t sit back and rest on its laurels simply for moving the costs of blue box recycling away from taxpayers and onto business. It still needs to back that up with regulations that will ensure the change actually leads to a reduction in waste and results in products that are easier to recycle.
There’s reason to hope that the moves Ottawa and Ontario took this month will mean fewer grocery bags and plastic forks clogging up the Great Lakes and that municipalities will be relieved of a multi-million-dollar burden.
But the real work of tackling waste isn’t done. In fact, we’ve barely started.Find your local store to view product availability
Product Code: 282259
The Muc-Off Tubeless Rim tape is made from their own proprietary performance material with a pressure-sensitive adhesive to provide just the right amount stretch whilst maintaining durability and strength needed to create a lasting airtight seal. Semi-transparent material makes locating the valve hole easy. Now available in 50m workshop rolls in 4 widths to suit most Road, CX, Gravel, MTB and Plus-sized rims.
No reviews yet
Write a reviewHey don’t be bamboozled about what I said, as in the app not being enjoyed for long for those using PC. But the very fact is just that, we have been using Instagram but through the help of third party apps and via web-based instagram platform. So to have it, the main official application is ready and made available for all PC users.
The newly introduced instagram has all it takes to be called a PC application. Having the app installed on your pc, you can easily upload pictures directly to the Instagram from your PC camera roll folder, as well as being able to get notifications, chat via Instagram Direct, and of course use Stories, Search, Explore, Profile, and Feed etc.
The only bug in the app for now, is that it crashes whenever one try to add a story, especially if you are the type using a PC without a backward-facing can.
So we are hoping that their subsequent updates on the app will be able to fix the bug in future.
WHERE TO DOWNLOAD INSTAGRAM FOR WINDOWS PC
To Download Instagram For Windows 10 click Here.Healthy.
When I think of fudge the first thing that comes to mind is the beach. Come to think of it, I rarely see or eat fudge anywhere else…
But that all changed recently when I realized that 1) I want fudge even when I’m not at the beach 2) freezer fudge does NOT take hours to make and 3) fudge can be a healthy, filling sweet treat you can enjoy regularly at home! In fact, this healthy cookie dough freezer fudge is:
- Loaded with filling fiber
- Packed with protein
- Rich in healthy fats
- Low carb and low in added sugar
And it’s made from just a handful of simple ingredients, like cashew butter and tahini.
What is tahini?
This recipe calls for one extra special ingredient: tahini. Ta-what?! Tahini, aka sesame seed paste, is made from ground toasted sesame seeds and is a staple ingredient in mediterranean and Middle eastern dishes.
Think you’ve never had tahini before? Think again! Tahini is a main component of good ol’ hummus! Yep, that same hummus you’ve ordered as an appetizer at a restaurant or picked up from your local grocery store.
Is tahini healthy?
Tahini is highly nutritious. It contains a variety of vitamins and minerals, like your B vitamins, and is a rich source of heart-healthy, anti-inflammatory monounsaturated fats. Plus, it’s super versatile and can be used in a variety of recipes both savory and sweet!
How to make freezer fudge
This no-bake freezer fudge is a cinch to make! If you’ve got 15 minutes to spare, then you can whip up a batch no problemo.
First, you’ll want to combine all of your ingredients except for the chocolate chips in a medium-sized mixing bowl.
Mix everything until well-combined and smooth, then fold in about half of the chocolate chips.
Pour the mixture into a parchment-lined bread pan and place in the freezer for about 5 minutes to firm up just a tad. Sprinkle the top with the remaining chocolate chips and sea salt.
Place back in the freezer and that’s it!
How to store freezer fudge
As the name implies, you’ll want to store this fudge in the freezer! Be sure to keep it in an air-tight freezer-safe container or bag. It can be stored in the freezer for up to 2 to 3 months, but I doubt there will be any left after a week!
Keep in mind, the fudge does soften quickly once it’s taken out of the freezer so be sure to eat it right away.
What you’ll need to make this Healthy Cookie Dough Freezer Fudge
You only need a handful of ingredients to whip up this healthy cookie dough freezer fudge!
- Tahini: Look for a tahini with just sesame seeds listed as the ingredient. One of my favorites is this Soom Foods tahini. In most grocery stores, you can find tahini in the aisle with ethnic foods and/or in the nut butter section.
- Cashew butter: I prefer cashew butter over almond butter in this recipe because of the taste and texture. Look for a no-sugar-added, unsweetened cashew butter. I love this Target brand one.
- Maple syrup: Maple syrup is my favorite unrefined sweetener (you can read more about refined vs unrefined sugar here). Use pure maple syrup here, not pancake syrup!
- Chocolate chips: I use Lily’s Dark Chocolate Chips in this recipe to keep it low in added sugar and low carb. These chocolate chips are sweetened with stevia and erythritol.
- You’ll also need: a little coconut oil, vanilla extract, and a hefty sprinkle of sea salt!
Substitutions:
- Nut allergy: Use sunflower seed butter instead of cashew butter, or you can omit and use one whole cup of tahini instead. Be sure to look for a no-sugar-added brand such as this Once Again Unsweetened Sunflower Seed Butter.
- Gluten-free: Good news! This recipe as written is gluten-free.
- Vegan: Good news! This recipe as written is vegan. However, if you decide to use a different brand of chocolate chips and are following a vegan diet, be sure to check the ingredients for any dairy products (i.e. milk).
Let’s get cooking! If you make this recipe, I’d love it if you share your thoughts in the comments section below and tag me (@shapedbycharlotte) on the ‘gram!
Healthy.
Ingredients
- 1/2 cup tahini
- 1/2 cup cashew butter*
- 3 Tbsp coconut oil, melted
- 2 Tbsp pure maple syrup
- 1 tsp vanilla extract
- 1/4 cup collagen powder (optional)
- 1/3 cup dark chocolate chips (I use Lily's)
- Sprinkle of sea salt
Instructions
- Combine the first 6 ingredients in a medium-sized bowl. Stir until well-combined and smooth.
- Fold in half of the chocolate chips.
- Line an 8x4" or 9x5" bread pan with parchment paper. Pour mixture into bread pan and place in the freezer for about 5 minutes.
- Carefully, remove bread pan from the freezer and sprinkle top with remaining chocolate chips and a hefty sprinkle of sea salt.
- Place bread pan back in the freezer until completely firm, about 1 to 2 hours.
- Cut into 10 squares, and store in the freezer.
Notes
*You can use peanut butter, almond butter, or sunflower seed butter here if you don't like cashew butter.
Be sure to use nut butter from a recently opened jar. What I mean by this is you don't want to use the "bottom of the jar" stuff that's extra hard and dried up. And be sure to give it a good stir before measuring because we don't want it to be too oily, either.
Thanks for reading! Did you make one of my recipes? I’d love it if you left a comment/review!
To see what other healthy and tasty recipes I’m whipping up in the kitchen, be sure to follow me on Instagram and Facebook!It was the middle of a December night in 2016, and the historic Mount Royal Hotel in the Rocky Mountains was on fire. Twelve hours after getting the call from hotel owners, our Special Projects division was on-site to help make the building structurally safe and begin getting this landmark ready to welcome back guests.
Our Special Projects division focuses on unique construction jobs and has significant expertise in hospitality, building remediation and heritage renovations. With experience revamping historic properties such as the Fairmont hotels in Banff and Calgary, as well as Calgary’s Hillier Block, the Special Projects team was well positioned to rebuild the second-oldest hotel in Banff.
The first priorities were to properly secure and abate the building. Construction work happens quickly in an emergency, and we integrated closely with the consultant design team to provide practical solutions to maintain the tight design and construction schedule, which were taking place simultaneously. Abatement happened alongside site reviews. Design and installation of temporary structural support in the hotel’s retail spaces allowed us to install mechanical and electrical infrastructure and build second-floor offices during completion of the final structural design.
As the team peeled back the walls, they uncovered construction from four distinct 20th-century eras, each of which employed its own materials and techniques: in the 1900s-1920s section they found straw and hay mixed with concrete, and from the 1950s flooring built with laminated two-by-sixes.
Rather than rebuild in a uniform style, we embraced the nuances of early-to-mid-20th-construction. We reimagined the space in a way that pays homage to each era revealed in the aftermath of the fire, diligently reviewing each update to the design drawings and walking the site to make sure elements would work as drawn, since the as-built drawings had been lost in the fire. To keep construction moving while completing the detailed design, we arranged with the consultants to allow structural or wall layouts to proceed based on existing layouts or similar conditions within the building.
Parts of the hotel that survived were, with some ingenuity, fixed up to good effect. We found a way to reuse the existing plumbing rough-ins in the section of the hotel least damaged by the fire. With the consultant we surveyed and reoriented each washroom to redeploy the plumbing and still use the specific left- and right-hand shower bases and sink vanities without having to reorder material.
Response to the rebuild has been so positive that after the reopening, the Mount Royalrose several spots on TripAdvisor’s ranking of Banff’s best hotels.
Constructed byI'm an ignoramus when it comes to the philosophical complexities of mythology, but the fact is that all these parables are completely applicable to social life as well as the laws of nature, provided you have the fortune of having it interpreted from various frames of reference. If not, all they will remain as, are tales to be amused by for an hour or two before dissipating from the cerebral cortex without ever having the fortune of getting registered as a memory. Even worse, if interpreted by someone with their own personal egoistic agenda, you're finished, what could have been a learning experience turns into a roiling puddle of fear that has the potential to turn into a cesspool of ignorance and hate.
And so it is with these nine days of 'Navratri'. To me it represents the spirit and valor of the feminine aspect of nature, the same force that drives a girl to defend herself tooth and nail against those who seek to strip her of her dignity, a mother who would go to any lengths to protect and nurture her offspring, a wife who willingly takes a back seat supporting her spouses career ambitions as well as those women who give it their all to 'lean in'.
As with every mission that ends in success (whether its a victory over demons, or simply a difficult Anatomy test , -- which was my Achilles heel, I just couldn't remember which muscle originated from / inserted into which bone, leave alone where it got its blood & nerve supply from! ), there needs to be a 'cooling off' to rest and recharge and the last day of Navratri represent just that. It is observed in Southern India as 'Saraswathy puja' where books and other 'tools of the trade' are worshiped and given a day of rest. As the saying goes.. 'Tomorrows another day', a day for new beginnings and endeavors that hopefully brings us success in whatever we're seeking.
Badam Kheer (Almond dessert soup with Saffron)
You need:
1 cup raw almonds
4 -5 cups reduced fat milk
3/4 -1 cup sugar
3 - 4 pods cardamom, seeds crushed
18 - 20 strands saffron
2 tablespoons pistachios crushed (optional)
Blanch the almonds by dropping them in boiling water for about 5 minutes. Shock them by immersing in cold water and then proceed to squeeze out the loosened skin. Add 1/2 a cup of milk (or more, if you prefer) to the almonds and blend them to a smooth puree. Warm up another 1/2 a cup of milk (until its acceptably warm to the finger tip) and soak the strands of saffron to release their color and flavor.
Whisk in the almond puree, the remaining milk, 3/4 cup sugar and the crushed cardamom together. In a large saucepan, heat the mixture on low heat until it begins to simmer, Add the saffron infused milk and taste it at this point to check if its sweet enough. If not add in as per your preference. If you prefer having s bit of crunchy texture, add in the crushed pistachios. They add a pleasant color contrast. Continue to simmer for another 10 minutes until the pistachios have softened slightly. Ladle into glasses, or bowls or goblets or mugs and sip away!
Not sure if I should repeat the recipe for my 10th consecutive Stir fry, but here goes
Peanut Stir Fry
You need:
1 cup skinned raw peanuts
1 tablespoon oil
1 teaspoon cumin
1 arbol chile, broken into 2 pieces
1 sprig curry leaves
Salt to taste,
1/4 teaspoon turmeric,
Lime juice for drizzling over
Boil the peanuts with the turmeric and salt until they soften and and have a yielding 'bite'. Drain and set aside. If you've added too much salt, rinse the peanuts and drain off the water thoroughly.
In a cast iron skillet, heat the oil (remember the peanut is oily, so cut down on the added stuff) and add the cumin, curry leaf and arbol chili pieces. Once the cumin pops and the arbol chile turns a deep reddish brown, add the peanuts and give it a good stir. Lower the heat and cover the skillet and allow the flavors to combine. Taste and adjust for seasoning. Transfer to a serving dish and add the lime juice just prior to serving. Serve warm.
Tomorrow is the day for new beginings, - Vijaya Dashami or the day of victory. Planning to serve up some Semolina pudding (Rava Kesari) and a Navy bean stir fry.
Bon Appetit!
I'd love to hear feedback from you, your thoughts, ideas and suggestions.Reading FC historian publishes new book on Royals legend Robin Friday
The book - which was first published online - has now been updated in print form
A Reading FC historian has produced a book detailing the legendary status surrounding one of the club's greatest ever players.
Robin Friday made 121 appearances for Royals in a two-year spell with the club in the 1970s and has become a cult figure among supporters not just for his on-field talents but off-field exploits too.
The forward died aged just 38 from a heart attack in 1990 but is still remembered fondly by the two clubs he represented professionally - Reading and Cardiff City.
Roger Titford, who is on the board of the Supporters' Trust at Reading (STAR), first wrote an essay on Friday in 2010 which was published online.
He has now brought out an updated print version of the text, entitled The Legend of Robin Friday.
The 64-page photo essay looks not just at the player himself but how he became such a legendary figure after his death and includes some of his best action photos.
The book - priced at £10 - is available to buy at the club's megastore at Madejski Stadium, STAR's base at the stadium, Waterstones in Reading town centre or online via the bookshop at .
Mr Titford will be signing copies of the book from 6.30pm on Monday, December 11 at the megastore prior to Reading's Championship clash against Cardiff City.(This is a belated concert review, but I’ve also included streams of each band’s recent recorded music for those who may be unfamiliar with them.)
On the night of September 24, 2013 (and the early morning of September 25), a group of friends and I turned out at Seattle’s Highline venue to catch Esoteric, Velnias, and Saturnalia Temple, who have just finished a U.S. tour, plus Seattle’s Anhedonist, who opened the show. The very cool tour poster up there on the right is by David D’Andrea and Ben Vierling.
Highline has become my favorite place to listen to metal in Seattle. They book cult bands, they draw an adult crowd who know their metal (it’s 21+), and they know how to make a cocktail. It’s a great place to watch a show because it’s small, and because it used to serve food (and may still again), it has tables and chairs where the more decrepit patrons can take a load off between sets. Not talking about myself of course.
The foursome on the bill this night — headlined by an influential band on their first US tour in a 20-year career — drew a big crowd. For me, it turned into an endurance contest: would I survive almost four straight hours of almost unremitting dooooooooom or would the building collapse first from the weight of the music?
ANHEDONIST
I had been looking forward to hearing Anhedonist live for a long time, having missed way too many of their shows around town. Their most recent release, Netherwards, appeared on a bunch of the year-end lists we published in 2012 (including lists from many other ‘zines and sites), and it really is a triumph of multidimensional death/doom. After hearing their set at Highline, I was kicking myself for having let so much time go by. Continue reading »Average salary₹ 13,964 per month
7%
Below national average
Salary estimated from 5 employees, users, and past and present job advertisements on Indeed in the past 12 months. Last updated: 30 March, 2020
Compare all Daycare Teacher salaries in India
More Pumpkin Patch Daycare Childcare salaries
All Pumpkin Patch Daycare - Childcare salaries
Reviews about Pay & Benefits for Daycare Teacher in Pumpkin Patch Daycare
Job Work/Life Balance
Salary/Benefits
Job Security/Advancement
Management
Job Culture
I love my job here
Childcare Teacher (Current Employee) - Stratford, CT - September 2, 2014
The owner is amazing and nice. Working outside with the kids during nice weather, is a big plus. I have come to know the parents of many of my kids, which has given me baby sitting jobs outside of work.
Pros
Flexible Schedule and watching the kids grow!
Cons
No benefits and a low pay.
Was this review helpful?
See all Pumpkin Patch Daycare Daycare Teacher reviews about Pay & Benefits
How much should you be earning?
Tell us about you and get an estimated calculation of how much you should be earning and insight into your career options.COVID-19: DONATIONS
Food Packets Distributed to 3,400 Families, Good for nearly 500,000 Meals
Maheshwari Foundation is pleased to have pledged Indian Rupees 50 lakhs or US $67,000 for the relief effort for those who need it with specific target group of daily wage earners and migrant workers to support them in their day to day fight against the Corona Virus (Covid-19) pandemic.
The pledge is being used to support those who have been drastically affected in their day to day lives by the coronavirus pandemic and will be used to aid them to get through these tough times.
As part of this, the Foundation has already provided over 3,400 dry food packets in Howrah and Kolkata, Mumbai, Ajmer and Beawar in collaboration with
Lions Club of Howrah and
Future Hope UK and Kolkata
Jagriti Foundation, Jaipur
The food packets met the needs of 3,400 families of a size of five for 15 days and comprised of nearly 15 kgs of grain, spices and other provisions each.
The Foundation remains on standby to support and help those people and places that may be overlooked by larger charitable organizations and international government aids.
The relief work was carried out with full precautions in our social work. We hope that our small contribution has gone a long way in helping those who needed it the most.
As part of our efforts to help, our Trustee and Founder of
Life A Spiritual Gym, Sangeeta Maheshwari, has also done a 21 days video series of ‘Inner Growth during Covid19. Please visit Life A Spiritual Gym for more information.
We thank all the millions of heroes who are supporting constructively and selflessly to deal with the Covid 19 relief efforts.
-Maheshwari Foundation
“Giving is Living…Living is Giving”Derivative advisory
Derivative professionals offering 175+ years of structuring, documentation, and pricing expertise to drive solutions and efficiency for our clients.
Who we are
- Through its 50% equity interest in Kensington Capital Advisors (KCA), JLL Capital Markets holds a unique position in the marketplace as an interest rate derivative advisory firm with six experienced professionals.
- This ensures clients have access to the ideas and perspectives necessary to find solutions that are effective to meet each client’s unique requirements without regard to provider profitability or preference.
- Our unique behind-the-scenes understanding of the goals and pursuits of the financial institutions offering hedge products allows our clients to have the information necessary to negotiate contracts confidently in this market with any bank.
- As an independent derivative advisory firm, KCA is not affiliated with any other firm offering banking, legal, defeasance or derivative products. To maintain independence and client focus, we have no provider relationships that could influence our judgment – we offer complete objectivity.
- Kensington’s active bidding agent and valuation practice provide real-time insight into the capabilities of dealers and the requirements of lenders. This insight allows us to provide efficient and accurate indications of cost and execution pricing.
- Advanced technology is one of our primary differentiators and we offer clients direct access to a market-leading platform solution to manage the detailed information and ongoing workflow related to projects, financing documents, hedge agreements and reporting requirements.investment advice, insights, and expertise.Biohazardshrimp
Active Member
- Joined
- Nov 17, 2018
- Reaction score
- 34
- Location
- South Carolina
- Vehicle(s)
- 2018 JLU
Yes he did. They just do not respond to e-mails.Yes he did. They just do not respond to e-mails.but did the original owner email Quadratec on your behalf with your contact info?
AdvertisementWarmest Regards,
Firstly, we at Jawwal take pride in our relationship with your company considering that it’s a strategic relationship based on partnership, cooperation, and collaboration, aiming for growth and development.
That being said, we can only praise your company as the first contact center in Palestine to win first prize for the “Best Specialized Call Center,” in the Call Center competition in in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, which is a direct result of your tireless work, devotion and dedication to providing the highest possible quality call center services and in assisting our customers throughout the years of our cooperation.
We appreciate your efforts and take pride in your achievements which place Palestine on the map regionally and internationally for specialized call centers. We wish for your further growth and success in serving our country and our people.
Much respect and acknowledgment,
Management Team, Palestinian Cellular, Jawwal
Serving our clients is our slogan at the Northern Electricity Distribution Company, where serving the residents is our top priority. We excel at providing our service to our customers around the clock and whenever there’s an emergency. We rely on Reach to provide us with single point contact services in order to receive our valued customer's calls and complaints in which Reach specializes and excels in handling.
The relationship between Northern Electricity Distribution Company and Reach is very professional, thanks to Reach’s high standards and competency, which maintains our strategy and successful partnership through our customer care service. We extend our thanks and appreciation to Reach’s professional staff and management.
NEDCO Management Team
Customer service is such an important part of a company's relationship with its customers, and I have been so thankful to have Reach managing our customer relations. As the founder of Dynomighty, I have always placed great importance in good customer service, since the beginning of the company when I handled all of the orders myself. Knowing that Reach is adeptly handling any potential issues with autonomy and care, I can focus on the proactive aspects of my business and trust in their exceptional service.
Terrence Kelleman, Founder Dynomighty
Reach provides us with call center services. From the start we were very impressed with their talented management team, and dedicated staff who made very notable efforts to take on our company in a very short period of time, and launch their processes smoothly without any disruptions.
We are very happy with the cooperation between CM Trading and Reach, and with their professional team. In fact we are so happy; we are looking to expand our activity with them in the near future.
CM Trading Management Team
Dear Reach,
Our gratitude and appreciation for your dedication and hard work cannot be expressed in words. Also your company’s exalted values transcend through our vision of “the citizen comes first”.
During the period in which we worked with Reach, we were never disappointed in your performance with the electronic service of the Ministry’s short complaint service phone number 131.
On the contrary, we were able to correspond with our citizens better and more efficiently with less effort for the citizen, which has positively credited our ministry and your company, in dealing with people, and the ability to resolve all complaints with increased efficiency.
We at the ministry of telecommunications and information technology acknowledge and appreciate your efforts for the sake of serving our people and our country.
Blessed be your efforts our sincerest gratitude and respect,
Eng. Muhammed Ali al-Aidi, Advisor to the Minister, Head of Quality Assurance
I recommend Reach.ps to any client / executive who requires mastery-level service with true professionals. Beyond excellence in service, the Reach team members are a pleasure to work with; they were all extremely flexible and highly entrepreneurial. I was so impressed initially when I engaged with Reach for outbound call center work, that I now use Reach for all of my marketing and outreach services: call centers, e-mail marketing, social media management, and even researching prospective clients. It was so thrilling for me to have such an incredibly positive experience with Reach's leadership team that I have personally travelled to their headquarters in Ramallah where we enjoyed several meals together. Now I consider my Reach counterparts to be good friends! My recommendation for working with Reach is unconditionally positive - I find their skills to be on point, and often I often proactively recommend Reach to other business executives in my circles.
Russ W. Rosenzweig, CEO and Founder World Ventures Group
CEO and Founder
86 Pillars LLC
Expert Capital Partners LLC
Silicon Valley Institute for Business Innovation LLC
World Ventures Group
Jerusalem Street, Al-Bireh, Palestine | P.O.Box 4464
Palestine: +970 (2) 2945000
U.K Toll free: 08082387534
USA Toll free: 188870REACH (18887073224)
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. The cookies relate to performance,
analytics, personalisation and advertising. You can choose to Accept or change
your browser preferencesGlossary of Mining Terms - SEC
loi iron ore machine-prm Mineral Processing. Contact Message; Mineral Powder / Ore Dust / Iron Ore Briquette
copper ore crushing machine for sale iron magnetic separator
copper ore crushing machine for sale Any mineral from which copper is extracted including native coppercopper ore crusher.
Metals and Mineral Resources Division Marubeni Corporation.
high capacity iron ore mining machine-froth flotation of
Mineral Processing EPC; Solutions; About; Contact; Home; Products; high capacity iron ore mining machine; high capacity iron ore mining machine. Efficient Thickener.
iron ore and zinc ore mineral ball mill machine
media milling machine comprised of a top-mounted drive motor lo ed High-growth markets in copper iron-ore gold lead-zinc ores mineral sands and rare-earth metals drive the horizontal chamber of the tumbling ball mill into a vertical
Mini Iron Ore Magnetic Separator Mineral Copper Ore Iron Ore.
The 7 Biggest Iron Stocks The Motley Fool
In addition to being one of the biggest iron ore miners it also produces copper nickel zinc oil and natural gas. In BHP& 39;s fiscal 2019 iron ore contributed 48% of the group& 39;s underlying EBITDA .
iron ore and copper ore crushing machines orecrushermachine…
Minerals Copper Ore Iron Ore Suppliers all Quality Minerals
Minerals Copper Ore Iron Ore Minerals Copper Ore Iron Ore Suppliers Directory - Find variety Minerals Copper Ore Iron Ore Suppliers Manufacturers Companies from around the World at iron ore iron scrap metals iron steel Iron Ore
iron ore and copper ore crushing machines
Portable Copper Ore Crusher - Grinding Mill. Copper ore is copper and other metal mineral and gangue polymers. applicable to crush hard and medium hard ores and rocks such as iron ore the foreign body through the crushing chamber machine is overload or for some reason theget price
hpgr ore dressing machine in iron ore mines-froth flotation
Mineral Processing EPC; Solutions; About; Contact; Home; Products; hpgr ore dressing machine in iron ore mines; hpgr ore dressing machine in iron ore mines. Efficient
best mineral briquette machine for sale - iron ore/bauxite
As one of the important machine in the mineral to metal process briquette machine has done a lot of work to make use the mineral dust. Why make mineral briquette Directly use mineral dust will make lots of waste of the material as well as the energy cost thus briquette them and use the briquette in furnace become a good way to solve the
mining equipment iron ore concentrate gold machine-froth
Mineral Processing EPC; Solutions; About; Contact; Home; Products; mining equipment iron ore concentrate gold machine; mining equipment iron ore concentrate gold machine.
machine when mineral processing iron ore
17 Nov 2006 Mineral processing art of treating crude ores and mineral products in order to Author of Copper as an Alloying Element in Steel and Cast Iron. suitable for machine sampling slimy ore for example or where machinery is
mineral iron copper ore - ecoleenricomacias.be
The copper processing industry refines copper from metal ores or scrap copper. or smelting is used on ore with copper sulfide and iron sulfide minerals. Iron Ore - Copper Ore and Bauxite Ore Manufacturer and Supplier Manufacturer and Supplier of Iron Ore Copper Ore and Bauxite Ore offered by VSI Minerals Nagpur Maharashtra India.
Cleaning rocks and minerals with Super Iron Out. Copper ore
----- PLEASE LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE ----- Using super iron out to clean rocks and minerals from the Bruce mines area which was a copper deposit that conta
mineral and iron ore and copper ore machine
Iron Ore Mineral Zinc Ore Machines. Iron Ore Mineral Zinc Ore Machines 200623metal prices as a function of ore grade the allmetals series is roughly matched in iron ore and copper but the decline in lead and zinc is quite small similar analysis applied to sand and gravel stone phosphate rock sulphur and fluorspar shows that all have declined in
iron ore mineral machine manufacturer in india to expand ban on Australian imports to copper - MINING.COM
Coal accounted for about 9% of all Australia’s earnings from exports to China last year far behind iron ore and a few notches below natural gas. Iron ore Australia’s biggest export to China
iron ore mineral processing machine iron ore mineral
Alibaba.com offers 1045 iron ore mineral processing machine products. About 0% of these are Other Food Processing Machinery. A wide variety of iron ore mineral processing machine options are available to you such as condition local service lo ion and applicable industries.
Ore sorting - Preceding processing Ausenco.
The unit the company is working on is able to detect the magnetic resonance sig of many minerals including the most common economically significant iron-and copper-bearing minerals. It also has the ability to detect arsenic-bearing minerals often positively correlated with gold in sulphide ore deposits.
Mining in Mauritania - Wikipedia
Mauritania& 39
NEXT Post:best cryptocurrency trading platforms- Hannah Van-de-Peer
Tinder, Taboos and Flat Tummy Tea
What JNSQ Taught Me About Womanhood
Photo Credit: Thomas Trutschel
It’d be silly of me to start this article presuming you all know me. You won’t, by the way. I’m not that well-known. Yet.
My name is Hannah Van-de-Peer; I’m a twenty-year-old-frightfully-British-hairy-feminist-woman-in-training. I say, ‘in training’ because I often worry that I’m not able to woman as well as other women. It’s an alarm that frequently goes off in the back of my head which sounds a lot like a patronising man; every time I think negatively of another female – bad! Bad woman! Every time I don’t assert myself enough in my relationship – bad woman! Every time I preach self-love, before going home and crying about my stomach rolls – bad woman! Terrible woman! I’m slowly beginning to realise that one doesn’t have to be an uber-flawless-Feminist in order to feel like a true woman. She just needs to try her best, and that’s all I’m trying to do.
I started a little WordPress blog back during the summer of 2018. Six months before that, I was writing satirical think-pieces for one of the most controversial magazines of our generation; which took a lot out of me, to be honest. When I made the decision to start JNSQ (then called To Preen or Not To Preen), I’d effectively made up my mind that I wanted it to consist of light, puff pieces. I wanted to combine my first favourite hobby – writing, with my second favourite hobby – makeup; which resulted in three-to-four months of lacklustre beauty reviews. Starting every piece with ‘Hi, lovelies!’ before going on to gush about some awfully average makeup brand, which I had honestly hoped would end in me receiving a lot of free stuff, quickly became my staple. A staple I didn’t want to be associated with, because it wasn’t me. I like to write pieces that cause a stir; even better if they irritate some men along the way, but I wasn’t able to achieve that on the path I’d chosen. So, I got back on the internet and read some blogs. Like, really read some blogs. I came to a decision that I wanted to get real; write about the stuff I was interested in while leaving the shit that brands wanted to hear in the care of the professional beauty spin-doctors. I was going rogue.
Well, I say rogue… I still felt compelled to censor the word ‘fuck’ in my posts; and I actually, embarrassingly referred to a vibrator at one point as ‘your friend’. I was, however, ready to start a new chapter. I wanted my blog to feel like sitting on your friend’s sofa at two in the morning with a glass of Shiraz, and a brain full of deep chatter. I almost wanted to be the voice of ‘everywoman’, documenting my cringe stories in order for other women to identify, without having to humiliate themselves personally. In November 2018; I published my piece, 5 Things Tinder Taught Me. I knew it was going to be risky. I talked about old men, young men, receiving mediocre head, sending nudes… and I knew it wasn’t what people wanted to hear, particularly the readers who knew me IRL. While promoting it on my social media platforms, I felt compelled to say ‘I’m really, really sorry. You’re allowed to hate it. I’ll never do anything like this again. I’m disgusting.’ before dropping off the face of the Earth and never picking up a pen for as long as I live…
A few hours later, I got a message on Twitter from two of my now-blogging besties: ‘we’ve been trying to find you for ages! Are you the girl who wrote the funny Tinder piece?’
I had an epiphany at that moment. Fuck self-awareness. If one woman, somewhere, can identify with a piece I’ve written; it makes all the hard work worth it.
It was February when I began the Great Magazine Conversion. Which is, essentially, a pretentious way of saying; ‘uni work is killing me. I need more people on board with this to keep it afloat’. I hired my second-in-command, Isabella, as my new Feminism and mental health writer. I have to credit her massively for keeping me sane. Having another writer on board is a blessing, and she produces such consistently brilliant pieces of work. Our bodies of work are so wonderfully contrasting, in the sense that I rant about stressful experiences; encouraging people to identify with the anxiety of being a woman in her twenties. Isabella is the voice of reason; providing advice for winding down and nurturing your mind.
Over the last few months, my writing has become increasingly progressive. I can thankfully say ‘fuck’ with zero regrets. I talk about vaginas while ignoring all possible inhibitions, and it’s all down to the amazing responses I receive from other women. Talking openly about my experience with Vaginismus has become my latest milestone. I’m completely in awe of the fact that people still message me for advice after reading the article, despite it becoming my most-read piece just twelve hours after publication. Helping people out through my writing has become one of the most humbling aspects of what I do when all I really do is vent about my life.
So, I’m starting to feel like I’ve got this womaning thing down; as long as I’m providing a voice to those who need it.
The Writer Behind The Writing
Hannah Van-de-Peer is a 20-year-old journalist and magazine-owner living in Cambridge, UK. She is currently studying at Anglia Ruskin University for a Bachelor’s degree in Linguistics. She is the owner and administrator of critically acclaimed feminist magazine JNSQ, which boasts a family of talented journalists and a readership of several thousand people. She has previously written for Affinity Magazine.
Don't forget to check out JNSQ and follow them on Instagram.
You can also find Hannah on Instagram and Twitter.
#feminism #journalism #dating #womanhood #empowermentSalina Police are investigating after a vehicle is reported stolen.
The owner told officers she left the keys on the floorboard of her 1998 Ford Escort while it was parked in the lot of the Smoky Hill Rehabilitation Center, 1007 Johnstown on Monday night.
Police say sometime between 6pm and midnight, someone drove the car away which had her wallet, checkbook and ID in her purse.
The car has Kansas license plate: 307 GLB and is valued at $1,500.Lloyd Kenneth Dillon was the second of four children born to Sherman Floyd and Bessie Mae Kellogg Dillon. He was born on a farm near Warner, Muskogee County, Oklahoma. Lloyd is a WWII veteran serving in Japan in the U.S. Army Air Force in... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Dillon family.Send Flowers!
8 thoughts on “G-W Portraits: Trudy Ann Tellis”
Yay, Vancouver! Just a suggestion, but next time please don’t back light your subject, it was really hard to see Trudy’s beautiful face 🙂
Thanks, Heather. I tried to mitigate the back-lighting as much as I could, but there was a limited field where we could set up the interview there. Trudy was a lovely interview subject, wasn’t she?
Thank you for posting this! I tried her tea once at a craft show a few years ago and loved it but I lost the package and couldn’t remember the name until watching your video. This made my day. Plus, what a lovely interview – what a very cool lady! 🙂
I’m so glad this post helped reconnect you with her tea! And Trudy Ann is the kind of active, caring person that I really admire.
Dear Teresa, what a wonderful neighbourhood you are living in and what a fabulous idea for an interview – now this is something that I have not seen on any blog yet and I am truly charmed!
Hope your Sunday is going well!
Andrea
Thanks, Andrea – that means so much! I’m going to be doing more soon, as I can schedule them. It’s been a lot of fun and I think I’ll end up with a lovely snapshot of this time and place.
Another wonderful interview and a glimpse into your beautiful community, Teresa!
Thanks, Ksenia! I’m glad I can share my neighbourhood with all of you.SafetyPro Resources keeps our company up to date with the latest safety requirements so I can focus on other aspects on our projects. From safety inspections, safety meetings, to response to unexpected events, I know that I can rely on SafetyPro to be there for us.
One size doesn't fit all, and Lance and his staff know this. They custom designed a safety program that was tailor made to our exact needs.
I can’t always make to all of our job sites throughout the state on a regular basis. That’s why I count on SafetyPro Resources to step in to conduct regular safety inspections at our construction sites.
I thought of hiring a full safety manager, but then I heard of SafetyPro Resources. The decision to outsource our company safety department just makes sense. They've had our business since 2014, but more importantly, our trust. There's truly no trait I value more in any business partner.
Lance is a motivated asset to any team. He and his team are sincerely dedicated to providing for the well-being to both employee and business partners. His primary skill in my opinion is utilizing his resources to get the job done.
SafetyPro Resources understands that catching the small problems can prevent the big problems. I love their professionalism and their attention to detail.Daniel Dock
Third time a charm?
After two failed borehole attempts, today drilling begins on a new hole. Unfortunately after 200 metres of drilling we still had not struck water. The hole was abandoned and it was decided to try and repair the third hole which had collapsed since we knew it was yielding a reasonable amount of water. All the old PVC casings and gravel packs had to be drilled out to a depth of 120 metres. In addition to that 50 metres of steel casing was placed into the hole from the surface down into the solid granite, to seal off the clay layers that had collapsed previously. Fortunately the hole was successfully repaired and we were able to commence pump testing.
Pump yield testing indicates a sustainable yield of approximately 3KL per hour.Source: aeon.co With the expansion of online platforms in recent years, we can notice that a lot of people are now interested in gambling. There is a wide selection of games and models of gambling to choose from today, and the most popular options are casino games and betting on sports events. It can be […]
Net Worth & NamesHow we can serve
Team SMC are highly professional & experienced Master Mariners, Chief Engineers, qualified surveyors, auditors, accredited flag state inspectors and marine & insurance claims handlers. The team has expertise in maritime consultancy, surveying and training and can provide support in all maritime related matters to our clients.
We are based at Solent and connected globally through our partners to serve our clients.
Operating across the globe
Our Services
Can't find the service you are looking for?
Please feel free to contact us and we will do our best to help you.
Your Satisfaction Is Our Priority
Client satisfaction is the basis on what we do, and we accomplish that goal with transparent, reliant and affordable services. At SMC, we believe in our staff and with continuous professional development and training, ensure they can satisfy the needs of our diverse and global clientele.
In a bid to ensure our clients receive quality service and solutions each time they work with us, we keep our staff trained, updated, and educated on the latest industry standards pertaining to our clients' specific industries. In our experience, that is the best way to provide sustainable value for money and to fuel large scale professional development.St. Louis Magazine’s August issue highlights the region’s best doctors, as chosen by their peers. It also takes a look at St. Louis’ medical scene, including cutting-edge research, new facilities, and healthcare advice. Also inside: a local’s guide to dining at hotels and casinos, the largest—and wackiest—heist in St. Louis history, a candid look at living without kids in America’s most family-friendly city, and more.
Browse Topics
Currently, there is no content with this tag.Use these traditional coloured red and gold shatterproof candy cane decorations to add some fun to your Christmas decorating.
Details:
- Pack of 4 candy canes
- 14cm long
- Red with gold glittered stripe
- Shatterproof
These quality decorations are from German company Inge Decor.
Exclusive to Purely Christmas in AustraliaDear Colleagues,
As a follow-up to my prior communication on this webinar which will be held on Tuesday, May 12 at 12:30 pm EDT, a list of registrants is now available for you to view here.
Webinar access information for development staff will be shared prior to this event.
This complimentary webinar will feature special guest speaker Jeff DeHaan, Partner with Clearwater Capital Partners.
For more information about this webinar, please contact Laura Walker.Slate Gin & Tonic Rack GT17
£210.00
Rustic Slate Gin Rack with 6 smaller holes for Tonic and 3 larger holes for Gin. This rack has a large sloped top to it reflecting the big mountains across North Wales. Clean face with rustic and aged markings across the top and side. This really is an impressive rack.
1 in stock
- Free Shipping on orders over £100
- Hand Crafted in the UK
- Safe & Secure Payments
Rustic Slate Gin Rack with capacity for 4 Gin bottles and 5 Tonic bottles. Hand picked from a quarry in North Wales, famous for its mountains and rugged landscape. A mecca for walkers and climbers. Firstly, the base is sawn flat to make it nice and stable. Secondly, the slate is then core drilled, the cores are then split and retained and recycled as coasters. Bases felted and oil’d to finish. Finally, the top has been carefully chiseled to reflect the mountains of North Wales. Alternatively, if you do require something slightly bigger, GT9 very similar in style and presence.
When asked to recommend a favourite Gin, I do love Brecon Gin from Wales. wine.These days that we say good-bye to the winter, there is only one month left for the new season for blue cruise tours. Private gulet tour season begins in April and it lasts until October. Luxury gulet charter are renewed for the new season. Blue cruise tours are very high in summer months. The season which is called by high season, blue cruise tours are much popular.
If you had a blue cruise experience before, it looks familiar for you. If you informed to the charter company that it will be your first blue cruise experince. They will absolutely help you. If you charter private gulet by creating a group, you are able to set your own route.
Blue cruise is one of the often-heard terms in people. It is an alternative holiday option at sea aganist to the land. It is a kind of becoming integrated with the sea for sea lovers. That time you are able to see the endless land in the midst of the sea. You may watch the nature which looks like a piece of art. Discover lovers may witness to the history with private gulet tours. Blue cruise means that go back in time and to try different tastes. It also means that to do nature walks with friends in coves that is visited. In addition, swimming and sunbahthing more and more. In fact, blue cruise is the heart of holiday. There are many activities that you may do in the nature, sea and history. Besides trying different cultures, you are also able to see different cultures.
Turkyacht offers private gulet tours to local and foreign visitors by its experience and staff. We have been trying to give best service with our renewed yachts and qualified personel.category Blog, Gemstones, Jewellery, peace, relaxation
Chrysocolla – A gem which is hard to pronounce – but worth learning about!
This gem is gaining a reputation for supporting someone on their journey of inner-self discovery and consequent potential external life changes.
Chrysocolla is associated with:
• ‘Healing the Heart’ with awareness.
• Activating all chakras to & into the bone.
• Awakening from unwanted guilt to increase the truth that we are all Divine and pure.
• Opening psychic vision, intuition & protection.
• Connecting to Spirit allowing the excitement to journey with their own unique life.
Click on the images below to purchase on-line.
One-of Jewellery:
We stock a wide range of pieces in the store, and at present offer a few one-off jewellery pieces for sale on-line. The item you see on-line is the exact item you will receive.We need some work done, but we’re too busy, can’t or just don’t want to do THAT particular job. Time to hire.
Example #1: It’s much more efficient for a Front Desk CA to handle the phones, reception duties and patient flow, letting us take care of the patients.
There’s also a standard of performance with each task that constitute the job.
Example #2: It’s good customer service for the Front Desk CA to answer the phone by the 3rd ring and greet each patient as they enter with a smile and their name. Ignoring a ringing phone or a patient in reception is below the acceptable standard.
If our CA can do the work to our standard, they get to stay. IF not, they need to leave. It’s just that simple.
Example #3: “Gina, I’m not getting the result I need in your position. We’ve trained and retrained you, but despite verbal and written warnings, things haven’t changed, so I’m letting you go today. I’m sure you’ll do well, but not here. This isn’t personal – it’s business. Would you like me to review why I made this decision?”
It isn’t mean spirited to let someone go when they can’t or won’t do the job to the standard. It’s the best for everyone – patients, other staff, you and the person being let go. Like I told Gina – it’s business, and it’s good business.
NOW let’s talk about the marketing CA position or what we call a Community Outreach Assistant (COA). As with the Front Desk CA, we have work we want done – produce new patients. The COA produces the new patients by doing several tasks to a standard. If the COA can do the job to standard AND produce new patients, they get to stay. IF not, they leave and we find someone who can.
I know this reads like a 4th grade explanation but there’s a reason for the simplification.
WHEN the COA position stalls out and doesn’t respond to coaching, retraining or warnings – we at the NPA know it’s time to let the COA seek other work.
However, I can’t tell you how many times the DC refuses to reprimand or let the COA go. They even defend unethical COAs against their own interests.
From the NPA perspective, defending a poor functioning COA who refuses to do the work to standard looks insane. Remember, you don’t need another employee – you need someone who can produce new patients. If they can, they get to stay. If not, they need to leave. It isn’t personal, it’s just business. And it’s just that simple.
Dr. Noel LloydShips hit by U-boats
Crew lists from ships hit by U-boats
P.L.M. 22
British steam merchant
Photo courtesy of Roland Forcet Collection
This is a listing of people associated with this ship.
We also have a detailed page on the British steam merchant P.L.M. 22.
Aboard P.L.M. 22 when hit on 27 Jun 1941.139.00 inc. VAT(£115.83.
Mems Oscillator
Atom DAC's USB engine is clocked by an SiTime MEMS oscillator with ±10ppm frequency stability, delivering pristine jitter.
Upgradeable Firmware
Atom DAC's XMOS based firmware configures and manages its USB input, with DFU support for future feature additions.
USB Audio Class 2
Atom DAC supports up to 32/384kHz PCM over a custom XMOS XU208 based UAC2 engine. While we claim no measurable superiority of high sampling rates, UAC2 and ASIO support satisfy your pursuit of bitperfect listening. within milliseconds. Standby can optionally be disabled by loading the JDS Labs 'sleepless' firmware.
Differential Summing Output
Differential output of a AK4490EQ DAC is summed by a low noise NJR output stage, with DC coupling throughout. Drive any load you wish.
DAC Performance
Data Support
Connectivity
Sign up to get the latest on sales, discounts, new product releases, product guides and more. We will show our appreciation with a 5% discount on your first order.Eastbourne seafront on a sunny day – palm trees, blue water and a whitewashed, gold-domed pier. The sea breeze brings a honey breath of broom flowers, yellow as highlighter pens, and the plangent sound of seagulls. The kids are cheering up after delayed trains and overcrowded London tubes. I’m hoping for a weekend of art and sea views.
My last trip to Sussex was in February, when I watched a murmuration of starlings swirling over Eastbourne pier at sunset. The area in front of the Congress Theatre’s new glass-fronted reception was then a building site. Now there are pristine paths and plazas with neat, purple banks of Russian sage and lavender, like an architect’s drawing come to life. It’s all part of the revamped Devonshire Quarter, a £54m upgrade to attract conferences.
Next door, Eastbourne’s free Towner gallery, has been in its current building for 10 years. To celebrate, the sinuously geometric chalk cliff of its facade has exploded into prismatic technicolour with a huge, jubilant mural by German artist Lothar Götz. The museum is part of a Coastal Culture Trail, linking three modern art galleries along 18 varied miles of East Sussex shore.
There’s a mind-expanding view of the new mural from the Devonshire Park Hotel, where we’re staying, two minutes from the sea. We stroll on the shingle past the moated Wish Tower, one of the Martello forts built as defences against Napoleon. A new seafront cafe is opening by the tower later this year. For now, we walk on in search of dinner, through fragrant, tamarisk-fronded seaside gardens. Of the “kids” (a teenager and a 21-year-old), one’s vegan and one’s fussy, but the Tuk Tuk restaurant serves Indian-style street food, including pani puri with chickpeas (£4.50) that hits the spot.
Next day, we head for the 1930s De la Warr pavilion (also free) in Bexhill-on-Sea. Designed by Erich Mendelsohn and Serge Chermayeff, its modernist escarpment of steel and concrete is a magnet for architecture fans. We arrive as the summer exhibitions open, including cartoon-like works by the Chicago Imagists and “a space for learning and unlearning”, where the kids play a cheerful game of table tennis. The balcony cafe alone is worth the trip – shining ocean, salty breezes and a vegan slate with beetroot falafel (£14).
You can travel from Eastbourne via Bexhill to Hastings by train, bus, bike or on foot. With showers forecast, we opt for the 99 bus (adult day rider £7.30), a cheap and leisurely way of connecting the three galleries. From the window, there are glimpses of ruined Pevensey castle across the marshy levels.
The weather clears for a hazy afternoon in Hastings. The trail’s third gallery first opened in 2012 and reopened this month as the newly independent Hastings Contemporary, with a bigger programme of exhibitions, including international artists (£9, under-16s free). Its glazed black bricks reflect the nearby boats and rows of tall wooden net shops. Inside, the cool white rooms host colourful exhibitions and a playful new series of sketches by gallery patron Quentin Blake. An impasto beach scene and row of blue boat pictures by Copenhagen-based artist Tal R echo the fishing fleet and pebbly strand outside.
Nearby are a pair of wonderfully ramshackle free museums, looking as though the tide has washed them up. The Fishermen’s Museum has sawfish blades and scallop dredgers, a crumpled doodlebug bomb and a suit sewn with silver winkles, all beached in a former church round a huge sailing lugger visitors can climb on. Next door, the larger Shipwreck Museum is a salvaged trove of rusted muskets and barnacle-crusted bottles.
The East Hill funicular railway opposite (adult £2.50) carries us up the steep cliffs to the panoramic Country Park, where we climb over a gorse-grown iron age hillfort and, eventually, down the palm-flanked steps of Old Humphrey Avenue to the half-timbered pubs and cottages of All Saints Street. It’s easy to see why Hastings old town was voted Britain’s best walking neighbourhood by the Ramblers in 2018.
A nap on the bus back to Eastbourne revives me for the Towner summer party. In the Eric Ravilious room (the gallery has lots of works by Ravilious, who lived locally) a watercolour of the winding river at Cuckmere Haven hangs next to a newly acquired one of Beachy Head lighthouse.
We explore these South Downs scenes on the way home to Essex the next day. We start with an open-topped bus ride from Eastbourne (adult day ticket £10) through fields of ox-eye daisies to Birling Gap. The on-board commentary tells us about wartime code-breaking and shipwrecked sailors escaping through chalk-cut tunnels in the cliff.
One advantage of car-free travel is that, so long as you pack light, you can set off on a linear adventure without worrying about where you parked. This theory is tested to its limits as we climb the wild-thyme-carpeted cliffs of the Seven Sisters. The kids manage the trek without puffing, even though they insisted on bringing big bags and laptops.
Heading for Brighton, we turn inland at Cuckmere Haven and follow the meandering river towards the red-roofed barns of Exceat village, with its Saltmarsh cafe and frequent buses. Behind us, the sound of surf on pebbles fades slowly into the distance.
Train travel was provided by Southern (London Victoria to Eastbourne from £5 one-way). Accommodation was provided by the Devonshire Park Hotel (doubles from £110 B&B). For car-free directions to all three galleries see goodjourney.org.uk
Looking for a holiday with a difference? Browse Guardian Holidays to see a range of fantasticAbout St. Piran's Hall
(Visit Gallery to view full screen photos)
The Hall is located in South Road, Goldsithney just off the A394 Penzance to Helston Road and our postcode is TR20 9LF.
The building has its own car park plus a large adjacent playing field with a children's play area and options for various sporting and fitness activities.
St. Piran's Hall offers various room sizes and is regularly used for a variety of activities & meetings including keep fit, yoga, dog shows, children's parties, dances, badminton, golden age, lace, thread & embroidery, playgroups and regular parish council meetings.
The hall is also available for weddings and events.
Goldsithney Village
Post Office
Two pubs
Village Shop
5 miles from Penzance
8 miles from Helston
1.5 miles from Marazion
1 mile from Perranuthnoe Beach
Regular Bus Service
Approximate population of 1400
Click on photo for larger image
St Piran's Hall - Site Plan
Key Features:
Car Parking
Fully accessible
Playing Field
Children's Play Area
Adjacent Bus Stop
Renewable energy through own wind turbine
Click on photo for larger image
St Piran's Hall, Facilities
Key Features:
Large Hall
Plus two smaller meeting rooms
Raised Stage with PA & lighting
All rooms equipped with folding tables and chairs
Marked out Badminton Court
Indoor Bowls Mats
Fully equipped Kitchen
Disabled Toilets
Click on photo for larger image
Main Hall
Key Features:
Size: 19.75m x 9.75m
Capacity: 250
Badminton court Markings
Stage size: 4.25m x 9.5m
Tables & Chairs available
PA System available
Price: Contact us for details.
Click on photo for larger image
Perran Room
Key Features:
Size: 11.5m x 4.74m
Capacity: 30
Roof and window screens to facilitate projections
Tables & Chairs available
Price: Contact us for details
Click on photo for larger image
Trevean Room
8.5m x 5m
Capacity: 30
Tables & Chairs available
Pull down screen
Price: Contact us for details
Click on photo for larger image
Kitchen
Fully Equipped with Heating Cabinet, Microwave, Fridge Freezer, Commercial Cooker, Burco Water Boilers
Cutlery, Plates, Cups etc all available
Size: tbc"How to Create Ringtones for iPhone without iTunes?"
It is not a challenge to set customized ringtones on an iPhone. However, it is complicated to create custom ringtone for iPhone. You have to either get them from Apple-approved sites or rely on the default ringtones that come with the device. But don't worry, we will tell you how you can create custom ringtone for iPhone using several genious ways. Here you will see how you can use iTunes to create ringtonse and also how you can set it with alternative platforms. We will answer your query of how to create custom ringtone for iPhone with and without iTunes.
Creating a custom iPhone ringtone can be a frustratingly backward and complicated process. With an android phone, the user can just select an MP3 music and with a few simple clicks, set the song as a ringtone. However, for iPhone users, they have to go to iTunes for creating an AAC file, which needs more steps for renaming a file type and syncing your iPhone so that it can be recognized by your iPhone as a new ringtone. Well, this inconvinience has been compliant by iPhone users for a while, but there are alternatives in which you can easily create ringtones for your phone without going through this long process. We shall be looking at them in this article.
In addition, you will find selective sites that allow you to download ringtones for iPhones but the limitation comes in the selection of the music. However, the limitation will be fixed with our recommendation in the article.
TunesGo will be your solution to custom iPhone ringtones. By the help from it, you can set any music files and your favourite songs as your ringtones. Besides this function, it also provides you a one-stop solution to transfer the ringtones, contacts, photos and music between iPhones and PC.
As mentioned earlier, the process of getting custom ringtone for iPhone with iTunes is long and complicated. You can also purchase ringtones from iTunes, but you may not get the parts that you want. TunesGo is a powerful tool that allows you to create these ringtones with a few simple steps. Here is how you go about it.
Step 1 Launch Wondershare TunesGo and then connecting your iPhone to your computer.
Step 2 At the top navigation bar, click on the music icon and you will go to the Music Window where you will find a list of music available. Then go to the top of the Music Window and click on the “Ringtone Maker” button, and you will get a pop-up window from whence you will choose the finer options, such as music on the device or on the computer. Make your selection depending on the source of the targeted music.
Alternatively, you can right-click on the music that you want and from the dropdown menu, select “Ringtone Maker”.
Step 3 Once you have selected the music of choice, Wondershare Tunes go will play it from start to end. You may decide to use the Play and Pause button to select the part that you want to set as your ringtone. The blue area shows you the region that will be added to your ringtone; you can manually control this by dragging on the markers at the ends of the region. The ringtone should be 40 seconds long and once you are satisfied with your selection, click on “Save to PC” or “Save to Device”. You can use the “Ringtone Audition” preview button to listen to the ringtone and ascertain that it is correct, before you save it as a ringtone.
If you know the specific time stamp of the region, you can manually input it by clicking on “Set to Start” and “Set to Finish” using the play head control, feature.
You can also input the time manually in the time region of the player.
Step 4 Go to the settings tab on your iPhone and then choose the “Sounds” option. Select the “Ringtone” options and then choose the ringtone that you have just created. It will be set as your new custom ringtone.
NOTE: Wondershare TunesGo does not create custom ringtone for iPhone from Apple Music, since there is an encryption set; go to other sites which do not employ such encryption on their music. All ringtones should have a length of 40 seconds.
On an iPhone, it is much easier to create a custom wallpaper than a ringtone. Even when you have a music file ready on your iPhone, you cannot just drag into the ringtone folder and let the OS locate it. In comparison, this step is very easy for Android users. The process for getting a custom ringtone for iPhone using iTunes is very tough. Here are the steps involved.
Step 1 Get the MP3 file to iTunes
Make sure that you have the MP3 file trimmed to the portion that you want as a ringtone and then drag it into your iTunes library. Right click on the music you want to custom ringtone for your iPhone and choose the "Get Info" tab.
Step 2 Here you need to go to the "option" to set the start and the stop time, which Apple limits the ringtone to 40 seconds.
Step 3 After finishing the change of the time duration, go to the "file" tab on the top left bar. "Create AAC Version" from the "Convert" button should be selected.
Step 4 Now you should go to the file from the computer location and rename the file and change the ".m4a" extension used for AAC file to "m4r" extension which is the extension that the iOS system uses to recognise as ringtone files.
Step 5 Now go back to your iTunes library and delete the AAC file and original MP3 file to avoid confusing the operating system. Once you have done so, move the M4r file back into iTunes
Step 6 Now iTunes will sync the new ringtone to your iPhone and you will have added a custom ringtone to you device.
As you can see, there is a lot of movement to iTunes and back and a lot of renaming of files. This is what makes the process so tedious, especially if you want to add several new ringtones to your device.
Conclusion:
When looking for custom ringtones for iPhone, you will have a tough time getting one that will suit your needs. There are websites that have these already created and all you have to do is download them, but you may not find the particular tunes that you want. You may also decide to go buy some from iTunes, but the same limitation applies. You may opt to create custom ringtones for iPhones using iTunes, but as you have seen, the process is very long. It may take you 10 to 15 minutes to create a single ringtone, so if you needed to add about 5 of them, you will be stuck at your computer for more than an hour. Wondershare TunesGo is a fabulous application that allows you to create custom ringtones for iPhone without any problem. The process is straight-forward and there is no movement of files back and forth. You can then edit your ringtone and then save it directly to your iPhone. Download Wondershare TunesGo and enjoy the benefits of adding ringtones to your device without having to break a sweat.
Be it backing up IOS data on your computer or transferring music files from your IOS to Android Device, TunesGo does everything. The app is light and does not hog on memory resources. The design and interface is simplistic yet appealing.
Because of the above factors, TunesGo is widely used all over the world. Try TunesGo for making ringtones in IPhone. The trial version allows you to use the software for limited time. With nominal pricing you will get lifetime license with access to newer updates which would help in improving the efficiency of the product.
In case of technical concern, you can always contact our customer representative. This service is available only to premium customers. We also offer a 30-day money back guarantee.Melissa Gorga vs. Teresa Giudice
The Real Housewives of New Jersey stars are not always the closest of sister-in-laws. “Family is everything to me,” Teresa wrote in her Bravo blog in October 2011. “If my only brother [Joe Gorga] was married to someone who didn’t crave the spotlight, I know we’d all be a family like we always were.” Gorga wrote in her own blog in April 2012 that Giudice is trying to ruin her marriage. Though the “On Display” singer told Us that the two were “good” in 2014, (“When push comes to shove we’re going to back each other up”), their feud turned nasty once more in 2018 as seen in an exclusive Us trailer for season 9 of the hit Bravo series.Back to topXclusive Autosound Website
Xclusive Autosound is a St. Louis Metro East car audio and electronics company that also provides window tinting and paint protection film applications. They are located in Belleville, Illinois, but due to their solid reputation for quality installs, their customers come from all over the greater St. Louis region. Visual Lure has more than tripled their website traffic, along with the number of request coming from their online contact forms.
Xclusive Autosound came to Visual Lure for two main reasons. One, their website was not ranking anywhere for it desired search terms, and two, the owner was having technical issues and a hard time editing it. Even though it was a WordPress website, it used an out-of-the-box theme that was slow and difficult to maintain. We designed them a new fast-loading, responsive website that is extremely easy to edit.
The new site features a seamlessly integrated blog and a custom admin section for their product lines making it easy to add, edit and remove products.46540505 has 16 divisors (see below), whose sum is σ = 63028800. Its totient is φ = 32679360.
The previous prime is 46540471. The next prime is 46540513. The reversal of 46540505 is 50504564.
46540505 is digitally balanced in base 2, because in such base it contains all the possibile digits an equal number of times.
It is not a de Polignac number, because 46540505 - 210 = 46539481 is a prime. 15 ways as a sum of consecutive naturals, for example, 12995 + ... + 16184.
It is an arithmetic number, because the mean of its divisors is an integer number (3939300).
Almost surely, 246540505 is an apocalyptic number.
It is an amenable number.
46540505 is a deficient number, since it is larger than the sum of its proper divisors (16488295).
46540505 is a wasteful number, since it uses less digits than its factorization.
46540505 is an odious number, because the sum of its binary digits is odd.
The sum of its prime factors is 29224.
The product of its (nonzero) digits is 12000, while the sum is 29.
The square root of 46540505 is about 6822.0601727044. The cubic root of 46540505 is about 359.7026995054.
The spelling of 46540505 in words is "forty-six million, five hundred forty thousand, five hundred five".
• e-mail: info -at- numbersaplenty.com • Privacy notice • done in 0.101 sec. • engine limits •Olivia Walker - Range Lake North School
Ms.Walker, an educational assistant at Range Lake North School for the past two years, supports her students with kindness and compassion every day. She does not shy away from odd tasks around school and often helps create beautiful auditorium displays for our school community. Ms. Walker is passionate about supporting students in an inclusive manner. She is always there to lend a helping hand or a shoulder to lean on. Ms. Walker grew up in Nova Scotia but now calls Yellowknife home. She enjoys spending time with her family, painting, and caring for any animal around. Our school would not be the same without her. Thank you for everything you do for us, Ms. Walker!Ethics Counsel
Ethics Opinion No. 181
Adopted June 15, 1955
FACTS
An insurance salesman contacts a prospective customer for the purpose of selling him insurance for investment or estate purposes. The insurance salesman informs the customer that he will have an attorney examine his will and confer with him concerning his property, and the attorney will check the legality of his will and advise him what to do with reference to assuring his estate the greatest tax savings. The insurance salesman then introduces the attorney to his customer, and the attorney and the customer agree upon a fee charge. The attorney examines the customer’s will and procures information concerning his property and holdings, and renders a written opinion and charges him for same. Frequently the customer has a regular attorney and often an attorney paid on a retainer basis, but he is not consulted in this instance. In many instances, the attorney introduced is not known by the customer nor does the attorney know the “new client” except by reputation. At least the attorney has never represented the “new client” previous to this time.
ANSWER
This is a direct violation of our Canons of Professional Ethics.
OPINION
The answer to this question is so obvious and elementary that it seems any attorney would know he is violating the Canons of Ethics under such a system. The insurance salesman in this instance is nothing more than a touter. The insurance salesman, interested in selling insurance, uses the lawyer for the purpose of determining the estimated total death taxes against the customer’s estate. Thereafter the salesman attempts to sell insurance to provide funds for payment thereof. The insurance salesman in the instance cited above does not seem interested in seeing that his prospective customer is served by his own attorney, but he recommends the attorney with whom he has this working arrangement. This may not be a violation of the standards for insurance salesmen, but it is clearly a violation of the Canons of Professional Ethics.
Canon 27 reads in part as follows:
“It is unprofessional to solicit professional employment by circulars, advertisements, through touters or by personal communications or interviews not warranted by personal relations. …”
It is not important that the attorney does not pay the insurance salesman for procuring him business. One can be a touter without receiving direct payments.
In Opinion 147 of the American Bar Association it was stated that it was unethical and professionally improper for an attorney to employ touters of any kind for the purpose of obtaining professional employment. It was further stated in this opinion a fact which all lawyers know or should know. “It is disreputable to employ agents or runners or to pay or reward, directly or indirectly, those who bring or influence the bringing of cases to his office, …. A duty to the public and to the profession devolves upon every member of the Bar, having knowledge of such practices upon the part of any practitioner, immediately to inform thereof to the end that the offender be disbarred.” This quotation is virtually taken from Canon 28 of our Professional Ethics.
Oklahoma lawyers have frequently been disciplined and disbarred for soliciting business by direct or indirect means, and lawyers who fall within the purview of the question propounded in this instance certainly are subjecting themselves to disciplinary action.Charleston-Kiawah Open Water Swim
08.15.21
Join the Charleston - Kiawah Island Open Water Swim and Fight Cancer with Swim Across America.
Swimmers of all ages and levels are invited to take part in our fourth Kiawah Island charity swim. Your participation will help us "Make Waves to Fight Cancer" and raise money locally for cancer research at Hollings Cancer Center at the Medical University of South Carolina.
Thank you for making our 2021 swim a success! You can still register as a virtual SAA My Way participant and fundraise to support local cancer research this year.
Welcome to the Swim Across America - Charleston-Kiawah Open Water Swim! Established in 2018, SAA - Charleston-Kiawah has raised over $140,000 for our beneficiary: Hollings Cancer Center. Thank you for your support of cancer care in Charleston-Kiawah.
Each year we are proud to host over 150 swimmers and volunteers, spectators and supporters, as well as Olympians near and far at our charity swim. We are so excited to have you join us for our 4th annual swim on August 15th at Night Heron Park!eston-Kiawah supports cancer research and clinical trials at Hollings Cancer Center. Read about the specific cancer research projects your funds are supporting below...
Kiawah Island lifeguards and beach patrol are require an age requirement of 14 and up for both 0.5-mile and 1.5 mile options. For ages 14-17 - you'll need a coach’s or other's recommendation on ability. If you have any questions - please contact Brad Johnson.eston-Kiawahana Chanthabane.
Attn: Brad Johnson
885 Island Park Dr.
Ste C
Charleston, SC 29492.
6:30: Registration Opens
7:15: Pre-Event Mindfulness/Meditation Session.
TENTATIVE SCHEDULE (SUBJECT TO CHANGE)
4:15p - Sign in for the pool party, get caps and tattoos
4:30p - Olympian Intro to Swim Across America
4:40p - Group into 'divisions' to start off with a streamline distance contest
5:00p - 5:20p Games and relays
5:30p - Get pictures and sign caps with Olympian and enjoy some frozen treats!
Any questions can be sent here.
Freshfields Village is a proud sponsor of Swim Across America - Charleston-Kiawah swim.
The Swim Across America team will be on-site at the Acoustic Night on the Green on Thursday evening, August 12 from 6-9 pm to share their mission and meet guests. Participating retailers will host special events throughout the week to benefit Swim Across America. Stay tuned for more details soon!
vineyard vines will host a Shop & Share event on Thursday, August 12 from 4:00 to 6:00 pm with 20% of proceeds being donated to Swim Across America.
Join Hilliard Studio Method for a special outdoor class on the Village Green on Friday morning, August 13 at 8:30 am to benefit Swim Across America. Find all the details here.
Represented the United States at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He won two gold medals at the FINA World Aquatics Championships in the men's 4×100-meter medley relay event (1991 and 1994) and swam at University of Michigan.
Silver medalist for Team USA in the 200-butterfly at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. NCAA champion in 1976 at North Carolina State University.
HANNAH ASPDEN
CARLTON BRUNER
STEVE GREGG
KRISTY KOWAL
STEVE LUNDQUIST
JENNY THOMPSON
ASHLEY WHITNEY
If you have any questions about SAA - Charleston-Kiawah, please contact Brad Johnson or Jana Chanthabane.
I would like to register as:Kate Winslet Is Joining Avatar 2 & Hopefully It Will Have A Happier Ending Than Her Last James Cameron Movie
It's a reunion of titanic proportions!
According to Deadline, Kate Winslet has joined Avatar 2, meaning that she'll once again be directed by James Cameron, that guy who made the period piece about that ill-fated cruise ship.
Cameron and Winslet have reportedly wanted to work together again for a long time. According to the director, they've wanted to work together ever since Titanic set sail in 1997.
"Kate and I have been looking for something to do together for 20 years, since our collaboration on Titanic, which was one of the most rewarding of my career," Cameron told Deadline of pairing with Winslet on Avatar 2. "I can’t wait to see her bring the character of Ronal to life."
Advertisement
Winslet's Ronal is still a mystery, and with four sequels set through 2025 (yes, really), it's worth wondering how long the actress will stick around for. She's described as having a "starring" role in the first Avatar movie, but so was Sigourney Weaver, whose character, as fans know, didn't survive the first film. (Weaver, by the way, will return to the franchise in a new role, because sure, why not?)
One thing we do know about the upcoming movies? That it will feature more blue children than the original 2010 feature did. 20th Century Fox shared an image of new recruits Britain Dalton, Filip Geljo, Jamie Flatters, Bailey Bass, Trinity Bliss, Jack Champion, and Duane Evans Jr. It's possible Winslet could play mom to one of the new kids, though right now, almost everything about this new Pandora-set adventure is a mystery.
Production has begun! Here’s a look at our newest cast members of the #Avatar Sequels. pic.twitter.com/pUifc45nK2— 20th Century Fox (@20thcenturyfox) September 27, 2017
If you can't wait until 2020 to see the first of four Avatar sequels, you can head to Disney's Animal Kingdom in Orlando, Florida, in order to check out Pandora: World of Avatar, a new land that boasts Avatar-related rides and plenty of Pandora-inspired treats.
You can check out Winslet in the first film of the many Avatar sequels when it hits theaters on December 18, 2020...but it's more than okay if you wait a bit to put that far-off date on your calendar.August 30, 2004
Short Trousers
An odd thing happened this summer. I started wearing shorts. In public, I mean. (I wear them around the house, so I can easily pull down the silicon sleeve which otherwise keeps my artificial leg from dropping off.) I've never been one to go out wearing shorts. It has nothing to do with upbringing. My father has always worn shorts.
After I lost my leg, I suppose it isn't surprising that I wouldn't wear shorts, especially since I never had my prostheses padded and finished until I moved to the UK. It was included in the price - I just never had it done. I never minded showing people my leg, but I never fancied walking around in public with people seeing the steel pole connecting my stump and my shoe.
Now I just look like I'm wearing hose on one leg. This is because I am, in fact, wearing hose on one leg. That's what gives it the "natural" colour. It's not like I'm fooling anyone.
For some reason, when we were getting ready to go on holiday to Cornwall, I bought a new pair of shorts and I wore them. I even wore them when Mrs H was convinced it was too cold. I wore them everywhere. I thought maybe I didn't care because no one knew me.
Then the oddest thing happened last night. I wore shorts to shop at Tesco. Our local, just across the roundabout from us Tesco.
Maybe I am becoming my father and there is nothing I can do about it.Posted by david at August 30, 2004 02:48 PM | TrackBackOur most satisfied customer yet
We were proud to have been chosen to supply the Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire Air Ambulance with a 13 section modular...Posted on 18th July 2015 Contact Us very difficult job and attend on average 7 to 8 callouts per day.
Yesterday, we handed the building over and were presented with a limited edition set of air ambulance cufflinks and a limited edition pen in celebration of their 21st anniversary and as a thank you for our staff’s high standard of work during the installation and completion of the building.
We will be shortly adding a case study to our website for this exciting project.
If you room using heavy steam and being clogged by who without learning it, check out this article. katifund.org will share through you just how to understand if someone blocked you on steam and associated information. Don’t miss it!
Steam is a big game distribution platform whereby you no only have the right to play gamings but likewise chat to your friends and join forums. Like other social network platforms, you can block someone or be blocked here on Steam. Over there is no notification to educate you around being blocked. So how to understand if someone blocked you on Steam? check out this article of katifund.org to see how and also steps come block and also unblock who on this platform.
You are watching: Steam how to tell if someone blocked you
How to know if someone clogged you top top Steam?
Steam is a hugely well-known game delivery platform. Here, friend can connect with friends aside from joining each other in the game battles.
Once you have the vapor app installed, you deserve to chat live, or enter the forum and also post a comment and also join conversations.
A friend can block you without removing you from your friends list. This create problems and mistrust. So how to understand if someone blocked you top top Steam?
When you get blocked on Steam, girlfriend cannot comment on that person’s profile or UGC. And if that human being blocked you, that or she will show offline in her friends list. Yet if you walk to your Friends tab in the customer and he is in the game, you will see that the is online.
If someone unfriend you on your friends list, it stop you from contacting them on Steam. In ~ the exact same time, you can not see any kind of content they set to private, or it’s friends only who have the right to view.
When you are blocked communications, you can’t call them in any of the adhering to ways:Adding comments on profile or ar items friend create.Sending message via steam Chat.Sending or adding friend or team invites.Not seeing the user’s digital status, but can view the user playing in a game.
As you can see, it’s not tough to answer come the inquiry of how to recognize if someone clogged you on Steam.
Can you post someone who blocked friend on Steam?
It is possible to article someone, but if castle block and also remove you, friend won’t be able to send a blog post or share anything as they will certainly no longer appear obtainable from her friends list.
You can see their username, however you can’t access it when you click the profile. Girlfriend won’t see them in your community as well, and also they will certainly continually appear to be offline.
Can girlfriend tell that blocked girlfriend on Steam?
Besides the concern of just how to understand if someone clogged you top top Steam, a many users likewise ask that have the right to you tell who blocked you on Steam?
You can uncover someone offline in your friends list who has actually blocked your account not just on Steam. Facebook likewise has the same collection of circumstances and also may command you to examine which users block her name.
However, facebook doesn’t show a notice any user has been blocked and can’t re-publishing any an ext experiences v a supposed friend.
If your account has been blocked, you should do part digging. Mental that also if friend can’t join in with one more Facebook player, or friend can’t check out their account name in your friend list, the doesn’t mean you space blocked.
Many of your friends on your friend list room fed up v being digital all the moment on Facebook. Not everyone likes to constantly post and share their activities. They close their on facebook account however don’t share this details with any of your friends. They have actually deleted your accounts permanently.
The first step is to find for castle on on facebook platform. If friend can’t uncover them in search, lock may have actually blocked you, or lock have changed privacy settings for people on your friends list.
Click to log in out and do a publicly search. If girlfriend can find them in this search however not within Facebook, it mirrors they are active yet might not desire to share with you any kind of longer.
You and also the girlfriend who has blocked girlfriend have numerous mutual friend on Facebook. Girlfriend can examine one the your mutual friend’s profile digital to see if they have the an alleged friend account on your friend list.
If lock share the very same name in the list, girlfriend haven’t to be blocked.
How come block someone on Steam?
In this article, katifund.org not only answers to how to know if someone clogged you top top Steam, but likewise shows you exactly how to block someone on Steam.
If you are feeling uncomfortable through the attitude of a user on her friends list, you have the right to block her or the on the platform.
Here are measures for blocking who on Steam:
Step 1: access the vapor app on your computer > click on your surname in the top menu to open up a menu.
When the menu opens, click Friends.
Source: free Game Guide
Source: complimentary Game Guide
Source: cost-free Game Guide
Source: complimentary Game Guide
Source: complimentary Game Guide
Step 6: another pop-up will show up to educate you the The activity has to be completed > Click OK come finish.
And if you adjust your mind and want to unblock them, follow this steps:
Step 1: open up the heavy steam app on your computer > access the Friends tab.
See more: What Are Some Things That Come In Tens ? Things That Come In 10S
See more:
Your friends deserve to block you on heavy steam without you understanding that. Hope the katifund.org can help you deal with the issue around how to know if someone blocked you on heavy steam in this article. Re-superstructure this post with your friends if you find it helpful.A new virtual hub aims to make it easier for small fleets to transition to zero-emission vehicles.
A new virtual hub aims to make it easier for small fleets to transition to zero-emission vehicles.
New numbers from the California Air Resources Board demonstrate the importance of renewable fuels in cutting greenhouse gases from heavy-duty vehicles in California.
Heavy-duty trucks with the latest natural gas engines can cut smog-forming emissions by more than 90%; fueling with renewable natural gas reduces greenhouse gas emissions by at least 80%.
The California city will use the AMCS Mobile solution to distribute pre-planned GPS-based routes to drivers on mobile devices.
The ZEUS 500 electric service truck is built on a Ford E-450 chassis with a Knapheide service body and comes fitted with customized configurations to maximize functionality for the City of Woodland, California.
Fleet managers considering a transition to electric vehicles can tap an array of available incentives, education, and outreach programs in California.
California Highway Patrol officers say the truck's boom struck an overcrossing.
The driver was treated for minor injuries after his bucket truck rolled several times in Santa Cruz.
Diesel standby generators ensure reliable power with lower emissions, safeguarding grid resiliency.
Two new Neste MY Renewable Diesel stations will be located in Stockton and Lodi, California.
The secure and easy all-access connection to your content.
Bookmarked content can then be accessed anytime on all of your logged in devices!PTI Digital has been appointed by Wasps Sport to deliver its technology strategy across the Coventry Building Society Arena campus.
PTI will look to develop a best-in-class digital experience for all visitors to CBS Arena, home of Premiership rugby union club Wasps. The stadium was formerly known as Ricoh Arena but rebranded earlier this year as part of a 10-year deal with Coventry Building Society.
PTI’s deal with Wasps Sport will cover CBS Arena itself, as well as the on-site hotel, exhibition hall, hotel, casino and arena. PTI’s work will include rebuilding the core network, enhancing Wi-Fi coverage, developing IPTV and live streaming capabilities and improving the fibre capacity to the site.
Stephen Vaughan, chief executive of Wasps, said: “We recognise that our technology estate needs to evolve to meet the demands of the post-COVID age. It is imperative we are able to deliver a world-class digital-first experience.
“Creating a technology infrastructure that can enable that is a critical first step. For us, being able to mobilise quickly is vital and the agility PTI have already demonstrated in resolving critical issues we were experiencing with our hotel Wi-Fi platform embodied exactly what we needed.”
There are also redevelopment plans afoot for CBS Arena. Proposals to transform the venue (pictured) ahead of the 2022 Commonwealth Games progressed in April after stadium chiefs unveiled plans to construct a new entrance and convention centre.
Wasps Group submitted a planning application to Coventry City Council to develop a pavilion entrance at the south side of the venue, along with a state-of-the-art Commonwealth Convention Centre in the venue’s existing lower halls ahead of the sporting events it will host at Birmingham’s Commonwealth Games.
Mike Bohndiek, chief executive at PTI, added: “Working with Wasps and the entire Coventry Building Society Arena campus is a major win for PTI. We have already demonstrated our ability to deliver an end-to-end strategy for the likes of Edgbaston and Ashton Gate and we were delighted to be appointed to help Wasps achieve their ambitions. We are looking forward to working with Stephen and his team over the next five years and being a part of their growth journey.”
The deal has been signed after PTI was last week also holds partnerships with Oak View Group, Norwich City, City Football Group, Edgbaston, Bristol Sport and Ashton Gate. PTI recently announced that it would be launching a dedicated managed IT service provision for its clients.
CBS Arena also serves as the home of Championship football club Coventry City. In March, Coventry and Wasps ended a period of enmity between the two clubs with an agreement for the football team to return to the stadium from the start of the 2021-22 season.
Coventry had previously been playing matches at St Andrew’s, home of Championship rival Birmingham City, due to a long-running battle between Sisu, which owns the football club, and Wasps Holdings Limited, the parent company of Wasps and CBS Arena.
Image: Wasps GroupTestimonials
Read testimonials from organization leaders who were able to create millions in additional revenue while reducing budget spend thanks to thisisgoodmarketing.com. If you are interested in learning how they did it, we recommend starting with our courses on building a content marketing engine.
Moritz Plassnig
CGO at Immuta,
Previously CEO and Co-founder at Codeship
As the founder of Codeship, Manuel built a lead engine based on content marketing that generated over 1 million unique visitors per year to their blog, driving 1,000s of marketing-qualified leads every month, helping make Codeship a multi-million dollar business with 1,000s of customers.
The courses on thisisgoodmarketing.com help you learn and understand the frameworks that Manuel successfully implemented at Codeship.
Markus Jenul
Head of Digital Marketing at Bitmovin
After joining the Bitmovin team as a Marketing consultant, Manuel helped us build and execute on the content marketing engine and the other systems and processes described on thisisgoodmarketing.com.
After implementing these frameworks, we tripled our leads within 6 months all while needing half the budget we had had previously allocated.
Lukas Fittl
CEO and Founder at pganalyze
Manuel has implemented a sustainable, repeatable content marketing engine for pganalyze. As a bootstrapped business, it is important to be cost efficient.
Through the scalable marketing systems and frameworks, available on thisisgoodmarketing.com, pganalyze grew organic traffic by 5x, while keeping our spend below $5,000 per month.
Daniel Horak
CSO at startup300 and CEO and Co-founder at CONDA
With thisisgoodmarketing.com, Manuel and Karl are providing you with resources that connect strategic business goals with marketing tactics and their successful execution.
The course material gives actionable instructions that enable your team to set up scalable marketing systems that can be executed on starting day 1 of the first course.
Kieran Farr
General Manager, Agency Partner Program at Vimeo,
Previously VP Marketing at Bitmovin
Implementing his content marketing and lead engines, Manuel has helped the Bitmovin Marketing team accelerate lead generation performance while decreasing overall spend by over $100k.
I am happy to recommend the courses offered on thisisgoodmarketing.com.
Start your content marketing engine Get updates for future coursesPlease see our EP Releases Table to track the prices and scores of all the new 2020 wines
After a slow start, Bordeaux 2020 en primeur hit its stride last week with several new wines every day. Pricing continued to vary, meaning discipline remained essential. But with quality high in 2020 and volumes down, many new releases offered good-value entry points even though prices are coming in above last year’s releases.
“A whirlwind of a week but amid all the action, we found some excellent buying opportunities among our favourite wines and producers. We expect to see more of the same with another busy pipeline of releases slated for this week!”
– Olivier Staub, Cult Wines’ Investment Director
Les Carmes Haut Brion
One of the most exciting releases came on Tuesday when Château Les Carmes Haut Brion released at £948 RRP (12x75cl). This 2020 wine benefits from Wine Advocate’s (WA) highest ever score for a Les Carmes offering (95-97+ points) with reviewer Lisa Perrotti-Brown calling it ‘stunning expression of the vintage.’ Other critics seemed to agree with most major scores falling in the mid-high 90s.
For a wine of this quality, the release price looks particularly appealing, offering a discount to recent and similarly-scored Les Carmes Haut Brion wines. For example, the 2016 carries a 96-point WA score and market price of £1,296, nearly 37% higher than the 2020 release price. The younger 2019 (unscored by WA) currently trades over 10% higher than the new release. As a result, our proprietary ‘football field’ valuation shows a fair value price well above the new release price – the room for growth is clear to see!
Château Les Carmes Haut Brion Football Field Valuation
Source: Liv-ex, analysis by Cult Wines Ltd.
Other highlights
Château Beau- Séjour Bécot and Château Ausone provided some fireworks from Saint Émilion early in the week. Decanter’s Jane Anson ranked Ausone 99 points and commented that it “could go up after tasting in bottle, a potential 100 points.”
Brane-Cantenac (WA 91-93pts) released on Tuesday at £600 (12x75cl). With volumes down (~50% vs 2019) even more than many other estates in 2020, competition will be fierce for this excellent wine which should add upward pressure to prices in the coming years.
Château Valandraud (WA 95-97 pts) appeared on Friday with a wine which was one of the favourites among the Cult Wines team at our EP tastings.
Château Canon also came on Friday with a highly-anticipated release of a truly magnificent 2020 wine. Both Decanter and Wine Advocate handed it score ranges of 98-100 points, leaving the possibility of an upgrade to a perfect 100 points down the road. “An exhilarating triumph!” said Lisa Perrotti-Brown, Wine Advocate. Although the RRP release price of £1,152 (12x75cl) does represent an increase of over 30% versus the 2019 release, the upside remains substantial as the vintage price/score comparison in the below chart indicates.
If this gets upgraded to 100 points, the price is going to the moon!” - Olivier Staub, Cult Wines’ Investment Director
Château Canon Price vs Score Comparison
Source: Liv-ex, analysis by Cult Wines Ltd."GDDR3" content on TweakTown - Page 1
We found 3 items for the tag: GDDR3
PRESS RELEASE
Manli Announces its GeForce GT 710 Graphics Cards
NEWS
GDDR6 coming in 2014, designed to outlast GDDR3
GDDR6 standard should come in 2014, designed to last until 2020 and beyond.
ARTICLES
ATI Radeon HD 5450 512MB GDDR3 Video Card in CrossFire
We've got two HD 5450s on hand, so we're going to CrossFire them for a bit of fun.New product
Warning: Last items in stock!
Availability date:
This weekend of 5th and 6th July 2014, Le Mans Classic have gathered again an incredible number of classic cars that have already participated in the past in the legendary race of the Le Mans 24 Hours, the "real one". During that night, this all gleaming Osca 2000 spider 1959 is pushed by two zealous, like a goddess. The control panel did not see coming out of gas! The contrast of colors associated with this amazing and beautiful car looks like an apparition in the middle of a dream.
Canon EOS 5D Mark III pushed to iso 10,000 at 1/60 second and f / 2.8 at 90mmGe.
Related Articles
Available Resources
Guidelines for Geofoam Applications in Slope Stability Projects
April 16, 2013 rockman Available Resources Comments Off on Guidelines for Geofoam Applications in Slope Stability Projects […]
Failures
Massive landslide at Bingham Canyon Mine, Utah
April 16, 2013 rockman Failures Comments Off on Massive landslide at Bingham Canyon Mine, Utah
Software Updates […] Canada, to find out what happens in my own country. I’ve never looked at recycling the same way again.
Yes, ‘Evil’ is a strong word– especially for an activity that most of the world thinks of as ‘Good’. However, after all that I have observed, I have come to have deep doubts about Recycling’s benevolence. There is an ominous reality lurking behind it that we ignore at the peril of people and planet. Perhaps you already have your suspicions– after seeing a beach strewn with plastic, glimpsing a smouldering ‘landfill’, or hearing about a great patch of plastic in the ocean.
For those of you who have read or seen the Lord of the Rings, you will remember Saruman, the ‘White Wizard’. Everyone thought he was a good guy. Just like the characters in the story, as a kid reading the book, I was fooled too. After all, he wore a white robe, lived in a grove of oaks, and seemed concerned about the world.
But not all is as it seems.
Saruman surveys his army of orks and goblins as he prepares to lay waste to Middle Earth. – Screenshot from The Return of the King.
In the novel, the heroes fall for Saruman’s façade of goodness to their peril: While they are distracted, Saruman, in secret service of the Dark Lord of Mordor, moves to ensnare Middle Earth in a kingdom of darkness. Recycling, adorned in its green robe, is a lot like Saruman. Casting its own evil illusion, it is slow and steady perpetuating a similar web of darkness on our Earth.
So, what is really going on?
First, let’s get semantic– the illusion begins with a misuse of the word recycle. To be clear, there’s natural recycling, and then there’s Industrial ‘recycling’. Recycling, in the true sense of the word, occurs in the ecologies around us. When a leaf falls from a tree, it becomes food for a host of microorganisms and insects, which then benefit others. The leaf is broken down into the very building blocks that another tree will use to grow again and sprout new leafs. In other words, 100% of its nutrients are being sublimely cycled into the infinite circles of life. This all happens with seamless efficiency, within a few meters of the tree.
When a plastic bottle is tossed into a ‘recycling’ bin, it begins a process of a fundamentally different sort. First, there is nothing local or sublime about industrial recycling. While in the system, the bottle is swept along a noisy, energy-intense journey around the planet. Much of North America’s plastic ends up being shipped to Asia for processing. Much Asian plastic gets sent to the rest of the world for consumption. The journey of a humble bottle spins a web around the planet involving countless miles of transportation; endless cargo trains, colossal container ships, and fleets of trucks hurtling down our highways. The plastic streams from one node in the grey network to another– from a raucous recycling centre, to a refinery, to a fuming factory, to a massive mall– then back again. Very much unlike the subtle local cycles in a forest, an immense amount of energy is expended.
Also very much unlike ecological cycles, the journey of a piece of plastic is not infinite. The fact is there is nothing circular about industrial recycling.
Piles of compressed plastic to be recycled, beside a pile of plastic set to be sent to the landfill.
In the job that I took at the state-of-the-art recycling plant in my city, an endless river of consumed plastic passed me by. The goal of the factory was to separate all the valuable plastic into the right piles, and let the plastics without value through. The value-less plastic went through to the land-fill pile. My job was often to sweep up the loose plastics on the factory floor into this big trash pile.
Perusing the heap, I was stunned.
First, at the size of the pile. There was so much plastic that just wasn’t valuable enough to warrant the energy to be recycled! Poly-bags, phone cases, straws, coffee cups, and even surf shorts. Second, I was shocked by at all the perfectly recyclable bottles, cans, and more that had bounced out of the complex apparatus around me and made it into the trash pile.
For me this was a jolting awakening.
Even if a piece of plastic is recyclable, even if it can technically be recycled forever, due to the fundamental inefficiencies in the system, inevitably, be it after a year or a century, it will end up in the land-fill pile. In other words, even if the system is 70% efficient (most estimates are way lower) our plastic bottle has a 3 in 10 chance of being lost from the system each time around. It’s just a matter of time until its industrial luck runs out and it ends up in the biosphere.
But the problem with the system isn’t just this fundamental inefficiency, it’s also that it is fundamentally not circular. In my research around the world, I have observed that when plastic is ‘recycled’ and is turned into something else, it’s rarely into what it was first. A plastic PET bottle isn’t recycled into another PET bottle, but into a lower form of plastic.
Take for example, the pair of eco-surf-board shorts that I found in the pile. The label said that they are “made from 100% recycled PET bottles”. Wow. Cool. However, there’s no mechanism in place that enables these to be recycled again! This same downward “Recycling” occurs with countless other types of plastic. Worn and dirty, the plastic can only be down-cycled into a form of plastic with less value. The likelihood of this plastic then being recycled is less with each cycle of “Recycling”. I had no choice but to sweep the shorts into the pile destined for the “land-fill” (60 years ago this place was a beautiful forest on the outskirts of the city).
It became clear to me that recycling isn’t a circle, it is at best a leaking downward spiral into the biosphere. Inexorably, despite all the equipment, all the energy, and all our best intentions, every molecule of plastic that we consume is ending up in the ecologies around us.
But it isn’t just the planet suffering from the industrial recycling system. There are the countless people swept into the grey web, into maintaining the nodes that perpetuate the industry.
Working the line was for me a fascinating first-hand experience in recycling, but, it wasn’t pleasant. In fact, it was one of the least pleasant jobs in the entire city. Only folks who couldn’t find other jobs took this one– my colleagues were often socially challenged or newly arrived immigrants who couldn’t yet speak English.
A recycler tightens down his load. Photo by Alexander Sattler during our visit to Suwung Dumpsite, Bali Indonesia, 2016
Around the world, the phenomenon is the same: jobs that have to do with recycling are consistently the very worst in the society. My job in Canada was a walk in the park compared to recyclers in South America picking through smouldering, fly infested dump-sites under the hot sun. In Asia, folks are pressed into relentless hours on manufacturing lines, smelting plants, and ships that turn that plastic into something else. Only a very few at the top of the chains benefit from this apparatus.
Just as the White Wizard at the top of his tower was able to distract the heroes of the Lord of the Rings with his apparent benevolence, the Illusion of Recycling works the same. Lulled into the belief that each piece of plastic can be neatly recycled, we continue buying and consuming plastic without a second thought. Yet, when we understand the fundamental flaws in the system and see it on a global scale, it is no wonder that despite all the energy and effort put into at recycling, dumps are overflowing, rivers are clogged and giant patches of plastic are amassing in the oceans– while only those at the top of the tower prosper.
Recycling doesn’t reduce the flow of plastic into the biosphere. It increases it. Precisely because there is the illusion of a solution, plastic consumption remains unabated and more factories, more refineries and more container ships encircle the globe with ever more of our people manning their desolation, and ever fewer prospering. Meanwhile, the plastic steadily leaks out, turning forests, fields and oceans into garbage patches. A great grey web of darkness is enabled to spread its tendrils around the planet. If this isn’t an evil illusion, I don’t know what is.
One of a series of photos taken surreptitiously during my work at the recycling facility in Canada. See the full photoset and blog
One night on the late shift, working the conveyor belt separating plastics, I was lulled into a trance. After six monotonous hours immersed in the endless river of consumption, I had a vision. I was struck by the simple yet profound realization: We can do way better than this!
Recycling is a servant of the capital industrial complex. It is our unconscious creation, that our unconscious participation furthers. Just imagine if we put our conscious imagination and energy to work together on the same scale. Indeed it is already happening– the co-creation of the beautiful world we all know is possible. People powered movements that make plastic precious are spreading virally, shifting us sure and steady to a world where we integrate with nature’s true recycling. A new age is emerging where our lives are back in harmony with the ecological cycles around us and we are mindful of every aspect of our participation.
In the Lord of the Rings, Saruman wasn’t the real evil; he was a but a servant of a much older dark force. In the same way, recycling itself is not our foe. Nor is plastic! The quest of the heroes took them further than Saruman’s tower into the realm of the Dark Lord of Mordor. Beyond the piles of plastic, behind the cogs of industry and capital, lie the archaic paradigms that make our Mordor. Only once the heroes make it to the very heart of Mordor and can put the darkness into the light, is the evil vanquished once and for all.
We live in an age that calls us to be heroes. Where does your plastic come from? Where does it go when you are done? Whose purpose does it serve? How can we do better? I urge you to find and follow the true destination and purpose of the plastic you use every day.
The heroes of the Lord of the Rings were compelled to journey into the darkness in order to step out of Saruman’s illusion. It was the only way to move forward into the awaiting Age of Light.
Now, it is our turn.
Russell Maier is a regenerative designer and one of the leaders in the global ecobrick movement. He is a principal in Global Ecobrick Alliance. Russell is proudly 100% zero waste– he makes ecobricks with his plastic, composts his biodegradeables, burns his paper, and builds his home and garden with his bottles and ecobricks.
[fbcomments]
Steemit Upvote:
More of my writing on Plastic and Waste
But it isn’t just the planet suffering from the industrial recycling system. There are the countless people swept into the gray web, into maintaining the nodes that perpetuate the industry.
There beside the conveyor belt, I was immersed in the Great River of Consumption. As the endless remnants of consumerism hurtled by me, I felt my connection to the grey great industrial cosmos: I could feel the rattle of the other factories, the other conveyor belts, the chasmic warehouses, the vast host of assembly lines webbing around the world. I suddenly felt in my soul the industrial farms, the polystyrene production plants, the petroleum rigs sucking the depths of the ocean, the borg-esque oil refineries glowing in the night. I could feel the wind and smell the exhaust of the endless flow of cargo trucks on midnight super highways. I could feel the ocean cut by the container ships with their unending haul of giant colored crates… all part of this river of plastic bits being modified by my hands. Full post…How to Replace Kawasaki KLX110 Chain and Sprockets
The chain and sprockets on dirt bikes like the Kawasaki KLX110 wear out much faster than those on road bikes.
When it’s time to change out these two Kawasaki motorcycle parts, watch our KLX110 chain and sprocket replacement video above and follow the steps below to get this job done.
Tools and Parts Needed – Kawasaki KLX Chain & Sprocket Replacement
Tools
- Ratchet and extension
- 8mm, 14mm, 22mm sockets
- 10mm, 14mm wrenches
- Circlip pliers
- Flathead screwdriver
- Torque wrench
- Chain tool
Parts
NOTE: The chain and sprockets on a motorcycle should be replaced together as a set because old sprockets will quickly tear up a new chain, and an old chain will cause excessive wear to new sprockets.
Removing Chain and Sprockets - Kawasaki KLX110
Step 1. Loosen the 10mm locking nuts, and back off the adjuster nuts on the chain adjuster bolts on each side of the wheel.
Step 2. Pry the clip and the outer plate from the chain master link with a screwdriver, then push out the master link and remove the chain.
Step 3. Remove the cotter pin and nut from the brake drum torque rod.
Step 4. Remove the rear brake cable adjustment bolt so the cable can pull free when you take off the wheel.
Step 5. Remove the cotter pin from the axle nut, followed by the axle nut itself. Pull the axle out from the hub and swingarms, and remove the wheel.
Step 6. Pull the hub sprocket and hub assembly off from the brake drum.
Step 7. Remove the four 14mm nuts holding the hub sprocket in place, then remove the sprocket from the hub.
Step 8. Remove the output sprocket cover.
Step 9. Remove the circlip holding the output sprocket in place, followed by the sprocket itself.
Installing Sprockets - Kawasaki KLX110
Step 1. Install the new output sprocket, and reinstall the circlip and sprocket cover.
Step 2. Make sure the flat sides of the hub bolts are flush against the inside of the hub, then install the new hub sprocket.
Step 3. Reinstall the hub sprocket and hub assembly back into the brake drum, then reinstall the four 14mm nuts that hold the sprocket, and torque them to 32-foot pounds.
Step 4. Slide the wheel back between the swingarms, and reinstall the axle.
Step 5. Reattach the brake drum torque rod and the rear brake cable adjustment bolt.
Step 6. Reinstall the axle nut and torque it to 47-foot pounds.
Installing a Chain - Kawasaki KLX110
Step 1. Count the number of links in the old chain, then count the same number in the new chain and mark the point you need to break the new chain.
PRO TIP: Cutting the new chain too short will result in you having to buy another chain. The golden rule is to measure twice, and cut once.
Step 2. Use a chain tool to press out the chain pin at the point you want to break the new chain.
PRO TIP: If you don’t have a chain tool, you can use an angle grinder to grind away the flared head of the chain pin and then pry off the outer plate.
Step 3. Install the new chain over the new sprockets, then put the outer plate onto the master link and install the clip that secures the outer plate.
PRO TIP: Make sure the gap in the clip is facing away from the direction the chain rotates. This reduces the chances of something snagging the clip and pulling it off.
The next step is to clean and adjust the chain. Watch our Kawasaki KLX110 chain adjustment video above to see how to get that done.SheaMoisture Moisturizing Spray, with Sugarcane and Meadowsweet Seed Extract, 8 fl oz 237 ml Leave-in conditioner Detangles Nourishes, softens and reduces dryness Adds shine, smoothes, reduces frizz and enhances hair softness It protects from thermal and environmental damage. An innovative blend of sugar cane, meadowsweet seed oil, marshmallow root and nourishing botanicals The high-slide formula is great for tangle-free, manageable, healthy-looking hair . Leaves hair soft, smooth and shiny. sugar cane extract A natural multitasking silicone alternative. Meadowsweet seed oil Beneficial properties include hydration, color protection and shine. marshmallow root Detangles and creates a weightless moisture resistant film How to use Spray into palms and gently run fingers through dry hair or mist onto damp hair before detangling or heat styling. Style as desired For added shine, apply product to wet hair, blow-dry or pat Suitable for low and medium porosity protein free Suitable for chemically straightened hair Suitable and safe for children and dyed hair Product* ( ♥, saccharum officinarum extract, citrus aurantium dulcis (orange) peel extract, camellia sinensis (green tea) leaf Caprylyl glycol, benzoic acid, polyquaternium-72, hydroxyethylcellulose, sodium benzoate, fragrance (essential oil blend). extract, althaea officinalis root extract, triethyl citrate,
Bushra Ali
👍🏽
ام رضا فلاتة
هل فيه بروتين
Queens Care
خالي من البروتينI have been working on the home of previous clients who asked me to help with a downsize. Since the husband recently followed the wife into retirement they found a charming smaller home that would beautifully house the wife’s collection of antiques and British mementos.
The living room (not shown) is a real stunner and the dining room is the sweetest little jewel box of a space.
I am very excited to show you when all is finished. A whole house full of curtains that I designed for the previous home are at one of my workrooms being altered for installation soon. This sofa is actually one they purchased from my store years ago and the husband is quite enamored with it.
Candlestick by Roost. Sofa and floral pillow Shiree Hanson Segerstrom. Denim pillow Ralph Lauren Home.Christine Buck- Animal Control Officer
Telephone: (609) 844-7092
What is Rabies?
Rabies is a deadly disease caused by a virus. The virus is found in the saliva of a rabid animal and is transmitted by a bite, or possibly by contamination of an open cut. Left untreated, rabies attacks the nervous system and causes death. The attached brochure provides additional information regarding Rabies and Animal Bites.
Free Rabies Clinic
Free rabies clinics are scheduled twice a year to coincide with each of the licensing periods for dogs and cats. Advanced notice will be given prior to these events. Registration is closed for the next free rabies clinic scheduled for October 2nd. For more details on the clinic including how to register, check here periodically. The rabies vaccine is available for both dogs and cats. Please adhere to the following rules:
Animals and Coronavirus Disease (COVID 19):
For information regarding the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (Covid- 2019) and Animals, please see the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), website's information on Pets and Other Animals.
Animal Cruelty Information:
The New Jersey Department of Health has provided information regarding animal cruelty prevention to ensure that all animal owners and caretakers have an understanding of prohibited acts that apply to all animals. Please click here for detailed information.
Animals and Harmful Algal Bloom Toxins:
The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection has provided information about Harmful Algal Blooms (HAB) an the danger they present for your pets.
Backyard Poultry:
Having chickens, ducks, geese, and turkeys can be harmful to your health as they carry Salmonella. While it usually does not make the birds sick, Salmonella can cause serious illness when it is passed on to people. Click here to see the brochure regarding Salmonella. This document provides additional advice to poultry owners. You may also go to the CDC website for more information. For an application or zoning regulations regarding poultry in residential areas contact, James Parvesse, the Township Zoning officer 609.844.7084
Tips to Reduce Conflict and Encounters with Bears
Even though overall bear sightings and encounters are declining again this year, new Jersey residents, particularly those living in "bear country' in northwest New Jersey, are advised to take a few simple precautions to reduce the risk of potential encounters. For more details see the attached flyer. Additional information can be found on the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and also a podcast they have provided. view this link.
Birds of Prey and the Backyard Food Chain
Birds of prey are magnificent birds. They are an important part of the ecosystems to which they belong and provide rodent control in urban ecosystems. As more wild animals are displaced by overdevelopment and human activities, it's important that we learn to peacefully coexist with them - and protect our pets at the same time. For more detailed information see this flyer.
Facts about Deer
The Mercer County Wildlife Center has prepared a brochure with valuable information regarding deer, the impact they have on residents, how to protect your gardens, and the best way to avoid them while driving.
Additional LinksThe Big Igloo is hosting an “Eat it Forward” Drive Thru BBQ Fundraiser. The meal will have pulled pork and 3 sides. Proceeds will go to feed the medical professionals in our community.
Tag: food
Murder Mystery & Dinner!
2019 Oktoberfest
Join!
Junk Jaunt at Cedar Hills
Don’t forget to stop at Cedar Hills during your Junk Jaunt excursion! We will be open from 11 am-9 pm on Friday and Saturday, and 11 am-5 pm on Sunday. Our features this year include:
*Authentic wood-fired pizza available all day, every day!
*Wine tastings and wine slushies available all day, every day!
*Great merchandise to shop through, including special junkin’ and wine themed items and guest vendors.
*Our four camper pads with full electric and water hook-ups are available for your overnight stay. Give us a call for details or booking!
Rain, shine, wind, or heat, this is always an awesome time to visit! Stop in to recharge with some pizza, refresh with some wine, and relax with our great views!
Speakeasy at MONAA dog’s loyalty will be maintained if you consistently demonstrate calm and consistency during bonding and dog training. In order to give dog commands, you must do so softly, but with authority, for example. Your Shiba Inu will also remain calm if you remain calm. Communication with your companion dog must also be consistent.
Table of contents
Can You Cuddle With A Shiba Inu?
The Shiba Inus are awesome dogs, and they have a very unique personality. Shibas are not the best dog for those who want an affectionate dog that loves to cuddle and craves attention. We’re pretty much surrounded by Hoju everywhere, but he prefers being a few feet away.
Do Shiba Inus Get Attached?
It is true that Shiba inus tend to be close to one another. It doesn’t mean they don’t care about anyone else in the family either. Every day, my shiba follows me. it.
Do Shibas Only Like One Person?
Shiba Inu’s are loyal to one person in their family and will often bond very closely with them. In this case, a dog may not be able to cope with long periods of being alone and may even be a bit snappy if not socialized properly.
Can Shiba Inus Be Loving?
The affectionate term “spoony” describes someone who is affectionate. Shiba Inus are devoted to their owners and will remain so for a lifetime. Both Shiba Inus and Shiba Inu owners are well-adjusted to their moods. Shiba owners are well aware of when they should leave their pets alone and when they should receive affection.
Is It Ok To Cuddle With Your Dog?
It’s not just good for your pet to be cuddled, but also good for you. You and your furry friend can both benefit from cuddling. In addition to reducing Cortisol levels, it also reduces anxiety, depression, and, in the worst-case scenario, breakdown.
What Is The Cuddliest Dog Breed?
Are Shiba Inus Needy?
Dogs were bred to hunt and think independently, but they were never pack animals. There are many breeds that suffer from separation anxiety because they are needy when it comes to attention, but this is not the case here. The Shiba Inu’s are hyper-alert, which makes them sensitive to their surroundings.
Do Shibas Have Separation Anxiety?
The Shiba Inus are intelligent animals. You will feel anxious before you leave home when your child has separation anxiety. You might not return or they might feel stressed and anxious about being alone..
Watch how to get a shiba inu to like you Video
Read all about my crypto analysis and my best guides for cryptocurrencies..
If you were hurt in an accident and you want to maximize the value of your case, the best thing you can do is to work with a personal injury lawyer. A personal injury lawyer has experience representing victims of accident and helping them get the relief that they deserve from an insurance company or from other sources. Further, these attorneys have handled accident claims previously which means they know what steps to take to protect a victim’s rights and to ensure they get the best representation possible. Finally, a lawyer will know what a claim is worth based on prior dealings and communications with other attorneys. If an insurance company is attempting to short change an injury victim, a lawyer can help identify the issue and level the playing field by providing professional help to those who are hurt.
Beyond simply having an attorney involved, there are other ways to make sure that the totality of your damages are brought to light and therefore that your claim will be maximized monetarily. Victims should disclose all relevant medical treatment to their lawyer to ensure that it all can be included in a claim. Other damages should be considered as well, like whether you were forced to miss time from work due to your injuries or whether your injuries prevented you from engaging in your normal activities. For example, if you are an avid volunteer and a car accident prevented you from participating in your volunteer duties, it may affect the value of your claim.
Utilizing the services of a lawyer can help flesh out damages with others in an authoritative position. For example, the use of testimony by one of your treating physicians may support your claim of inconvenience due to your injuries. Or the use of a retained expert can help explain the forces involved in a collision or a fall, enabling an insurance company to justify the full value of your claim.
In the end, every case is different and different steps should be taken in the pursuit of each claim but if you want to maximize the value of your case, consider working with skilled legal representation who can help you through the process and who can make sure your interests come first.
If you have questions or if you need help, consider calling the personal injury lawyers at Abels & Annes, P.C. toll free at (855) PHX-LAWYER or locally at (602) 819-5191 and letting one of our attorneys provide you with a no-cost, no-obligation case consultation. We have someone standing by 24 hours a day to talk to you when it is convenient for you so please do not wait.
Call Abels & Anes, P.C. today and let us fight for the relief that you deserve.
Prior Blog Entry:
Arizona Experiences a Large Number of Bicycle Accidents Every Year, Phoenix Injury Lawyer Blog, published October 12, 2015.Hello friends! I am so excited to share my process for making dividers with this month’s Cocoa Daisy kit. I know a lot of you have been very curious about how to do this and I hope I can Inspire you to create!
My divider process begins with the design. I usually start thinking about the design of my dividers when I see the sneaks of the upcoming month’s kit. Sometimes ideas will hit me right away or in the middle of the night (very much like this month). Other times, it’s not that easy. This month’s design Inspiration struck in the early morning hours. When looking at January’s kit sneaks, it struck me as very graphic and bold in design. I also liked the simple fonts and the clean chic look of the lettering. I also considered the theme “noted “. I was immediately inspired to make a very graphic and bold yet simple font divider. Using Silhouette design studio, I created the end result. (Silhouette design studio is a FREE software that you can download to your computer. There are many ways you could use the software without the machine!)
Next, I choose the paper that will ultimately be used to make the dividers. Depending on the design, I may use a more subtle pattern or a more bold pattern. Other times, I like to use a combination of patterns. This month, I really enjoyed using both the subtle and the bold patterns together. The font that I chose is very simple and chic. Yet the paper adds the graphic and bold elements.
Once the design is complete, and the paper is chosen, I will then use my Silhouette machine to cut out the design.Confession time – this months paper choice was really one of necessity. My initial plan was to use the planner kit paper in the Composition notebook pattern for all of my dividers. However, when I went to cut the design, the Silhouette machine ate one of my papers. I generally try to have at least two (okay okay maybe three) sheets of each and every paper. (Pro tip – try to have spare paper!) In this case I only had two of the Composition notebook paper. One was “eaten” and ruined by the machine! But it was a happy accident because I had to improvise and choose a more bold patterned paper as substitute. And I love the end result!
Finally, when the design is created and cut, I then use 5 mm lamination sheets, and a good laminator, to laminate the dividers. Once the dividers are laminated, I then trim using a paper cutter and scissors. I then hole-punch them for my size. And, just like that, my dividers are complete!
There are so many ways to use the Cocoa Daisy paper, found in the kits each month, to make dividers. You don’t have to use a Silhouette machine or Silhouette design studio to make dividers with a design. Quite a few times, I have used a simple punch you can find at any craft store!
I do hope that this blog post has inspired you to create your own set of dividers! Don’t be intimidated. You can do this. Be sure to look for Cocoa Daisy on Instagram and Facebook for inspiration!From Principal Jason Patton: The phrases “team player” and “always there for me” are most often used when describing Dowell Elementary School’s Educational Support Professional of the Year.
When asked why Trisha Humphries deserves to be recognized, her colleagues stated that she is very caring, flexible and that she always has the students’ best interest in her heart and mind. From providing academic and emotional support to children in need to being our go-to person at the beginning and end of every day for arrival and dismissal, Trish works hard to build positive connections with as many students as she can, while holding herself to a high standard of care and compassion.
Ms. Humphries takes pride in her work to support students through interventions, targeted academic support, and social and emotional support through mentoring. She approaches each day with a positive mindset and team-player mentality to meet the needs of all students under her care. Above all, Mrs. Humphries is best known as a colleague that is always willing to help everyone and do whatever it takes to get the job done.
Dowell Elementary just would not be the same without the flexibility and responsiveness of Mrs. Humphries, and we are proud to recognize her as our Educational Support Professional of the Year.Description
Hawaiian Playing Cards was designed in Hawaii to capture the Days of Hawaiian Royalty before Captain James Cook arrived on the shores of Kauai in 1778. The suited cards were carefully researched by Scott Mijares (decks designer) and drawn by Scott Westmoreland, a retired Disney illustrator.
The suits have been cleverly changed to reflect the island life while maintaining the integrity of the unique cards you will find in a traditional poker deck. Each deck and tuck box is of the highest quality, printed in America by the United States Playing Card Company.
Every deck is individually wrapped with an Aloha Seal at the top of tuck box. If you are collector of unique decks of Playing Cards, this is a ‘must have’ deck for your collection. All of the images are registered and copyrighted with the United States Patent and Trademark office and are subject to limited production. Before now, you would have to go to Hawaii to purchase this item.
Murphy’s Magic is the first to offer this collectable deck online.
This is an extra order item and takes around 2-3 weeks to arrive).Review: K40 CB Antenna
One of the first things I did when I got my first four wheel drive years ago was buy a CB radio. At the time I simply wanted an antenna that was easy to mount, and relatively cheap. I settled upon a Radio Shack "gutter Mount", which I mounted above my passenger door. Aside from the spring bouncing the mast violently every time I hit a bump, the longest range I could get was about a half kilometer (0.3 miles). After water got in the spring and rusted the ground, I tried various other setups, including:
Fibreglass whip on the back door (range was about 500 feet!)
Magnet mount on roof (blew off on the highway!)
"Cell-phone look-a-like" antenna (temporary insanity?)
Finally, I decided to try the K40, from K40 electronics. Here are my impressions...
The K40 has an integral trunk lip mount, and includes a 5 foot flexible stainless steel whip, and an 18 foot shielded cable assembly with removable connector. The coil assembly is contained in a plastic, two-piece base, with a great security feature: A quarter-turn of the coil/whip assembly separates it from the base mount, allowing you to quickly remove your antenna for security, low overhangs, or that annual trip to the mall.
The base rotates up to 30, to keep the mount vertical, and can also be mounted "through the roof" or on the optional "Magnamount" bracket.
The K40 comes with a 30 day money-back performance guarantee, and a full 5 year quality guarantee.
Mounting the K40 on a Montero is quite simple. This antenna has several mounting options, including a strong magnet mount, and a mirror
mount, but the included lip mount worked just fine (bear in mind that in most cases, the higher your antenna is mounted, the greater your radio range, but for going through low overhanging trails, etc., the hood lip works adequately).
Before running the cable, determine where the antenna is to be mounted. I put mine on the driver's side hood lip. The adjustable base allowed me to level it out, and then I tightened the two allan-head set screws onto the underside of the hood-lip (a rubber pad sits between the antenna base and the paint on your hood!).
The cable is also easy to install, since the large connector unscrews, and you can easily poke the cable through a firewall grommet, before reattaching the the connector to the cable, and then to your CB unit.
Before trying the K40, I used a meter to set the SWR (standing wave
ratio) to an acceptable level. This was easily accomplished by loosening the set screw at
the base, and raising or lowering the mast until the SWR of channel 1 and 40 were equal.
Once installed and tuned, I was ready to try it out!
I drove on the highway with the K40, where the flexible whip arced in the wind to about 35 from vertical, and made a slight whistle, but was barely audible over my Monty's slippery aerodynamics. The range was quite impressive; with a Radio Shack CB (limited to 4 watts in Canada) I increased my range from less than 1 kilometer to over 6 (This was not a scientific test, but merely subjective, based on experience with previous setups). In city driving, my range was still around 3-4 kilometers, depending on the topography and radio traffic.
Though cell-phones have surpassed CB's as the prime source of vehicular communication, there are times, especially offroad, when the CB is still the tool of choice. Armed with a great antenna like the K40, a CB will be in my vehicle for years to come.Apple Continued to Dominate Wearables Market Across 2020
Apple continued to have a dominant hold on the wearables market in the fourth quarter of 2020, according to new shipment estimates shared today by IDC. Apple shipped 55.6 million wearable devices during the quarter for 36.2 percent market share.
That's the same market share Apple held in the fourth quarter of 2019, but overall device shipments were up from 43.7 million in Q4 2019. Apple's competitors don't even come close. Xiaomi shipped an estimated 13.5 million wearable devices for 8.8 percent market share, followed by Samsung at 13 million devices and Huawei at 10.2 million devices.
Apple Watch shipments rose an estimated 45.6 percent thanks to the different pricing intervals of the Apple Watch Series 6, SE, and Series 3, and "hearables" shipments of AirPods, AirPods Pro, and AirPods Max surged during the quarter.
Across all of 2020, IDC believes Apple shipped 151.4 million wearable devices for 34.1 percent market share. Xiaomi was the number two wearable device manufacturer in 2020 with 50.7 million devices shipped, followed by Huawei and Samsung with 43.5 million and 40 million devices shipped, respectively.
Apple does not provide specific breakdowns of the number of Apple Watch and AirPods models shipped, so IDC's data is based on estimates. During a January earnings call, Apple said that wearables set a new revenue record in fiscal Q1 2021, which corresponds to the fourth calendar quarter of 2020. Apple's wearables business is the size of a Fortune 120 company.
Top Rated Comments
That's like saying "if you don't like butterfly switch keys or touchbar in MacBooks, go work at Apple and change it yourself".
Really?
Then, Samsung took the circular screen from the Moto 360 and took the rotating input mechanism from the Apple Watch to make their new smartwatches. They can't come up with good ideas on their own. They never will.
This goes to show you Samsung has no clue what they're doing. Apply the same logic to folding phones, smart tags, wireless earbuds, etc...being first doesn't mean it's going to be good and today's market proves it.
Did I say Apple invented the crown? Nope. You completely failed to understand what I'm saying. Either that or you're intentionally mischaracterizing what I'm trying to say because you don't really have much facts to base your accusations on.
Talk about fanboyism. ?♂️ ?♂️ ?♂️Cookies Market - Global Outlook and Forecast 2021-2027
- Market Monitor Global
- November 2021
- Food
- 107 pages
Report Description.
MARKET MONITOR GLOBAL, INC (MMG) has surveyed the Cookies manufacturers, suppliers, distributors and industry experts on this industry, involving the sales, revenue, demand, price change, product type, recent development and plan, industry trends, drivers, challenges, obstacles, and potential risks.
Total Market by Segment:
Global Cookies Market, By Type, 2016-2021, 2022-2027 ($ Millions) & (K MT)
Global Cookies Market Segment Percentages, By Type, 2020 (%)
Plain and Butter-Based Cookies
Choco-Chip and Other Chocolate-Based Cookie Varieties
Others
Global Cookies Market, By Application, 2016-2021, 2022-2027 ($ Millions) & (K MT)
Global Cookies Market Segment Percentages, By Application, 2020 (%)
Bakeries and Specialty Stores
Supermarkets and Hypermarkets
Independent Retailers and Convenience Stores
Food Service
Others
Global Cookies Market, By Region and Country, 2016-2021, 2022-2027 ($ Millions) & (K MT)
Global Cookies Cookies revenues in global market, 2016-2021 (Estimated), ($ millions)
Key companies Cookies revenues share in global market, 2020 (%)
Key companies Cookies sales in global market, 2016-2021 (Estimated), (K MT)
Key companies Cookies sales share in global market, 2020 (%)
Further, the report presents profiles of competitors in the market, key players include:
Have query on this report?Make an Enquiry
1.1 Cookies Market Definition
1.2 Market Segments
1.2.1 Market by Type
1.2.2 Market by Application
Table 1. Key Players of Cookies in Global Market
Table 2. Top Cookies Players in Global Market, Ranking by Revenue (2019)
Table 3. Global Cookies Revenue by Companies, (US$, Mn), 2016-2021
Table 4. Global Cookies Revenue Share by Companies, 2016-2021
Table 5. Global CookiesProducts can be selected according to the customer’s operating conditions and applications.
Proposal for Air-saving System
Vacuum Equipment
Electric Actuators
Switch ⁄ Sensor
Temperature Control Equipment
Static Neutralization Equipment
IO-Link Compatible Products
Gripper for Collaborative Robots
This site uses cookies to track access and other information. If you close this banner or continue to browse, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
For more information on cookie settings and usage, please refer to the"Privacy Policy for SMC World"page.1. DEFINITIONS
1.1 Feeder area
The following areas are included:
Kempton park, Nimrod Park, Allen Grove, Aston Manor, Glen Marais, Kempton Park Agricultural Holdings, Pomona Agricultural Holdings, Brentwood Park Agricultural Holdings, Bonaero Park, Rhodesfield , Spartan, Cresslawn, Esther Park, Edleen, Van Riebeeck Park Ext 20.
The following areas are “grey areas” and shared with Norkem Park High School:
Kempton Park West, Terenure, Terenure Agricultural Holdings, Van Riebeeck Park (excluding Ext )
1.2 Feeder Schools
The following schools are regarded as feeder schools:
1.3 Preferences
The following order of preference will be maintained:
2. GET PHASE
2.1 Admission to Grade 8
The school will admit learners to Grade 8, subject to the following:
These include:
2.2 Admission to Grade 9
3 FET PHASE
3.1 Admission to Grade 10
All learners wishing to continue with FET need to re-apply.
In order to be admitted, a learner:
3.2 Admission to grades 11 and 12
We are a community based school that seeks to provide our learners with basic curriculum needs and to empower them with knowledge and life skills that will enable them to make a positive contribution to our country.Launch of Marketing Suite, a new publication by Critical Cartographies
5 July 2019 | 6pm 9pm
Assembly Point, 49 Staffordshire St, Peckham, London SE15 5TJ
Marketing Suite
Marketing Suite
Please join us for the launch of Marketing Suite, a new publication by Critical Cartographies and edited by RCA Acting Head of Sculpture, Jaspar Joesph-Lester.
As part of the event, Casper Laing Ebbensgaad will draw on his research into marketing suites to present ideas and provocations about London’s property market.
Marketing Suite is designed by work-form in collaboration with Eilis Searson and published by Assembly Point.
The Marketing Suite exhibition will be on display at Assembly Point on Friday 5 July, 12–9pm and Saturday 6 July, 12–6pm.
Contributors:
Katharina Siegel, Rob Branigan, Samuel Padfield, Casper Laing Ebbensgaard, Archie Leigh-Jones, Catriona Robertson, Daniel Carnevale, Agostino Quaranta, Elli Antoniou, Mila Dolman, Laura Robertson, Hannah Walton, Ania Sabet, Frederik Nystrup-Larsen, Jakob RavaABC Rentals will meet your needs
Bob and Lynn Shaffer rent beach and baby equipment at
ABC Rental s SUN PHOTO/LOUISE BOLGER.
ABC Rentals started in a warehouse in Sarasota and quickly became busy supplying rental items to Sarasota, Bradenton and the islands. Five years ago, the Shaffers opened a store in Sarasota and in May of 2008, after multiple customer requests, opened another on Cortez Road on the way to the beach. The business has grown so much they now have a 3,000 square foot warehouse, three trucks, two drivers, the Sarasota Ritz Carlton as clients and an inventory of 200 cribs.
But cribs are only one of the approximately 75 rental items available at ABC Rentals. You can also rent for port-a-cribs, toddler beds, booster seats, high chairs, joggers, strollers, car seats, bassinets and more. They also have available rollaway beds, air beds and air mattresses for those planned and unplanned winter visitors, as well as beach chairs, umbrellas, fishing polls, tennis rackets, bikes and kayaks. You can even rent beach and standard wheelchairs, walkers and shower stools for your senior visitors, and if they don’t already have something in stock, they will try and get it.
If you’re concerned about placing your precious child or grandchild in a rented crib or high chair, Lynn Shaffer says don’t be. She personally cleans every item when it’s returned with hospital grade sanitizers and then puts it through a thorough rinse.
In addition sheets and pillow cases are professionally laundered and mattresses sprayed. ABC Rentals guarantees the cleanliness of its inventory, and Bob Shaffer says his wife is a meticulous woman who treats other people’s grandchildren like she treats her own. In addition, the Shaffers retire 20% of their inventory every year keeping their rentals fresh, and donate the retired inventory to local charities where they can help families in need.
ABC Rentals is also a very well stocked beach shop with off island prices. There are tons of souvenirs, beach supplies like sandals, beach bags, candles, sunglasses for both adults and kids, children’s clothes and tee shirts, boogie boards, water toys and some adult clothing. The shop also functions as an area information center with complimentary maps, brochures and business cards available for dozens of local businesses. Truly one stop shopping for most of your day at the beach needs.
ABC Rentals’ motto is "Let Us Exceed Your Expectations," and these parents of five and grandparents of four work hard to make that happen. The beach is just over the bridge, the sun is shinning, everyone is on vacation and there isn’t a snowflake in sight.
ABC Rentals
12408 Cortez Road W.,
Cortez
941-792-6171
Open daily
10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
(call for hours in season)
MasterCard, Visa, Discover acceptedHerb Carlson — Side Effects
Four years ago I decided I could do without TV, at that time I had satellite for my TV reception.
Oh yes, I still have a television set, but I get my news and movies from the Internet now. The only things I really miss not having TV for are sports, namely college football and basketball. To see my favorite sports games, I must go out, and that’s not so bad, I can sit with friends at the local pub and root for my favorite teams, and thank goodness most of the games are played in the late afternoon. Why? Read on.
After 6 o’clock those of you who have television are hounded with medication ads, those remedies that are pitched to help solve all of your aches and pains. They make it sound just like what you have.
The ads go something like this: An older age couple possibly running on the beach all smiles because they have discovered taking the drug Zeelitoff (a fictitious name) worked so great for them. Do you suffer from this ache or that pain? Shouldn’t you ask your doctor if Zeelitoff is right for you? Then after its wonderful benefits are extolled it is followed by … the side effects.
Have you listened to the side effects of some of these so-called wonder drugs … Whew. They sound far worse than the problems they hope to correct. It goes something like this, ” Taking Zeelitoff could result in nausea, headache, constipation, tooth loss, stroke, warts, heart failure, and do not take Zeelitoff if you are allergic to any of its ingredients … .and the list goes on. After listening to the litany of side effects, I ask you, who in the world would want to take that drug?
I retired from the car business after 20 years and I wonder how the car ads would sound if we had to give the side effects of automobile ownership. We would see something like this: A happy elderly couple driving down the street or highway telling you all of the wonderful benefits of owning a Buick, Pontiac, or Cadillac (sorry … that was my dealership). Then would come the side effects from ownership: Never drive while drinking for death may result. Never drive when sleepy, avoid sharp objects for tires may become soft, lack of energy can result if gasoline is not properly maintained. Finally, never occupy the same space as another vehicle, at the same time, bruising or serious injury may result. If any of the above symptoms should arise, promptly call your local insurance agent, tow truck operator, or for you ladies, just call your husband.
Herb Carlson is a former mayor of Petoskey. His column appears monthly on the opinion page. Email him at carlson601@gmail.com.Suitable for 1½" to 4" (30mm to 110 mm) Drain and sewers.
Complete with:
The Model K-400 offers several unique and user-friendly features to make the toughest drain cleaning jobs easier and hassle-free.
Designed with a sleek profile, the Model K-400 is a great fit for drainage contractors, service plumbers, facility and institutional maintenance departments and property management companies.
230 volt
This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!
Write your own product reviewYes, You Still Need an Estate Plan Even If You Are Single and Have No Kids
While married couples with children have heirs to worry about, even single people without kids still have plenty of reasons to prepare for the future by putting an estate plan in place. Whether you are divorced, had a spouse pass away, or simply never married at all, you should approach estate planning with the help of an experienced attorney.
Why Estate Planning Is Important for Singles
Dying without an estate plan comes with unexpected consequences, especially for unmarried North Carolina residents. Without proper estate planning ahead of time, the probate court decides who gets what after you die based on an impersonal formula that doesn’t take into account your desires.
You may not want your assets going to your parents, for instance, or if they have already passed away, you may not want everything to go to a distant relative you’ve never met. This aspect is particularly important if you have a romantic partner you share your life with but haven’t married. Your significant other could be left with nothing once the courts start divvying up your estate.
Estate planning for singles is more than just making sure the assets you’ve worked hard for go to the right place, however. It also entails getting ready for the effects of aging and having a plan in place so you are cared for and your medical wishes are known. An estate planning lawyer can help you identify your priorities and meet specific legal needs as a single person through a combination of:
- Checking on and revising beneficiaries for retirement accounts or life insurance
- Creating a will
- Drafting healthcare directives and granting power of attorney to someone you trust when you can no longer make decisions on your own
- Setting up and funding trusts for assets you want to go to specific people or organizations and avoid the probate process entirely
- Updating your estate plan if your circumstances change, such as if you get married, have or adopt a child, etc.
Start Planning for Your Future Today
Everyone needs an estate plan eventually, regardless of their marital status, and the best time to prepare for unexpected life changes is right now. Watch our free online webinar for more information on North Carolina estate plans, or give us a call and schedule a consultation. Della
Size: Custom Size
Looks Great!
May. 23, 2020
Purchased for my mom as "Nana of the Groom" dress for this summer, unfortunately the wedding is postponed until next year due to pandemic, but the dress looks great!
Quality seems good and fit is great, very happy with the purchase, thank you!
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By natasha.ferris
Size: 16W
Bridesmaid Dress
Jan. 8, 2020
The dress fits perfectly and the colour is exact as stated on the website. Made beautifully. Thankyou
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By Bevgigney1
Size: 20W
Fit: Right
Height: 64 in/163 cm
Weight: 198 lbs/89 kg
fantastic service
Sep. 10, 2020
ordered this dress.. I love it, beautifully made, it is a great fit, and very flattering...
Thank you JJ's House, I will order from you again.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By ELA
quick shipping
Nov. 2, 2019
The dress was just as beautiful as in the photo and I would order it again anytime. I can only advise every bride to order her dress at JJ's House!
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
By FREDA
Size: Custom Size
Good quality!
Nov. 16, 2019
I like the dress so much. It is of good quality and the style is good.I received many compliments on the dress.I have already recommended the site to friends and plan to order another dress soon.
See More
Was This Review Helpful?
5% OFF
For New Users
GET
5% OFF
On your first order by register for email.
By creating an account, you agree to Terms and Conditions and Privacy Notice of JJ's House.Woodland Hills Clinical Lab
Phone
818-992-0027
About
Welcome to UCLA Health Clinical Lab in Woodland Hills! We offer world-class laboratory services for our patients, with outstanding customer service. If your health care provider orders a blood draw, lab test or specimen collection, feel free to walk in to our clinical lab,
Services
- Laboratory services
- On site Phlebotomy