Police chopper crashes in Meru
A police chopper carrying regional security team to Marsabit has crashed at Kaithe in Meru County.
Meru county police commander Patrick Lumumba says the injured have been rushed to the hospital.
The crashed chopper is an AgustaWestland AW119.
The chopper, which was being flown by Police Airwing Pilot Kemboi, was headed to Sololo for a security meeting.
Airwing Commandant Col (Rtd) Rodgers Mbithi says that Captain Kemboi and himself (Mbithi) left Nairobi with two choppers heading for the meeting.
He (Mbithi) is currently in Wajir. The single-engine AW119 is among the new choppers recently bought for the Police Airwing.
Locals said there were six passengers in the police chopper.Folks need to have to thin for various reasons as very well as to raise their top quality of life and improve their health or even regain a approach of supervision. Its medically proven that individuals who carry out normal physical exercise have. Over moment, a line of united states regulations, starting off with the Pure Drug and Food Act of best site..
Practice your muscle mass, or warm them up before beginning to heavier training with these bands. The arrival of the iron using communities in Zimbabwe at the beginning of the first century(100-1000 AD) heralded a new way of life characterised by permanent settlement in better pole and mud residences as opposed to the Iife of nomadism and temporary cave shelters of the Late Natural stone Age people. A fabulous husband and wife of weeks ago, Limbaugh came away and said that thanks to training freaks” our health care technique is stressed. Durability training workouts for all main muscle tissue groupings at minimum two periods a new few days..Abstract
Objectives: Mental health professionals are particularly susceptible to occupational stress; however, there are limited formal programmes to address the problem. This paper discusses the preliminary results of a brief mindfulnessbased.
Keywords
- Mental health professionals
- Mindfulness-based stress reduction
- Self-care
- Stress
- WorkplaceIn 2019, the Green Mountain Conservancy purchased and conserved a 287-acre forested parcel in the northwest corner of Dummerston, including 43 acres in adjacent Brookline. This was accomplished with the assistance and support of the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board and the Vermont Land Trust, as well as numerous foundations, community members and volunteers.
This property, the southern terminus of Putney Mountain, is a key wildlife corridor between the Putney Mountain ridge line, the Connecticut River and large forested areas to the west, into the Green Mountain National Forest. It is accessible to the public through a low gradient footpath that winds up the ridge line, taking hikers from “beauty spot” to “beauty spot”. People will continue to enjoy this property, as they have for generations. The ridge line provides much of the view seen driving north on Route 30 from the Dummerston Covered Bridge.
In 2021, the Green Mountain Conservancy purchased a 626-acre parcel that is contiguous to the original parcel. It includes 2.5 miles of undeveloped West River frontage and spans the towns of Newfane and Brookline. This property has been identified by the Vermont Conservation Design (VCD) as a Highest Priority Forest block with Highest Priority Surface Water and Riparian Areas, and a Priority Forest Connectivity Block.
The significant features of this parcel include the glorious views it provides to travelers on Route 30, panoramic views from the highest elevations, topographic benches left behind by a series of glaciations and by more recent flooding events, cliffs created by uplift and continental collisions eons ago, a dramatic and active landslide area, numerous rich forest sites including a cove with incredibly tall trees including shagbark hickories, 45 acres of pristine agricultural fields, 176 acres of deer wintering yard, forests of all ages, large maple, oak, ash, hickory, hemlock, and white pine trees, and grasslands that provide nesting sites for numerous bird species (including species that have been identified as species of Greatest Conservation Need, and corridors for wildlife and species movement, adaptability, and resiliency. It is truly spectacular.
These 2 parcels now make up the 913-acre Deer Run Nature Preserve. The Preserve spans the Dummerston, Newfane and Brookline areas of Windham County, Vermont.
This land is one of the last remaining unfragmented large parcels in the region. It is remarkable for its tall hardwoods, hemlock-filled ravines, stunning views, stone walls and a curious rock structure known as “the monument”. It includes deer wintering yards and a variety of forest types including hardwood savannas and hemlock “cathedrals”. There are several wetlands and vernal pools that host a variety of amphibians including the rare Jefferson Salamander.
The site is a haven for over 70 species of birds (view bird list here) including birds that are listed “in greatest need of conservation” in the Vermont Conservation Design. Two transmission lines cross the preserve, which ecologists and botanists recognize as valuable early-successional/shrub-scrub habitat that these rights-of-way provide. Birds that have been declining in Vermont — brown thrasher, wood thrush, field sparrow, prairie warbler, mourning warbler, woodcock, the red-shouldered hawk, and the bald eagle — were among those found in numbers during a preliminary site survey conducted by two ornithologists. Over the summers the Indigo Buntings singing is truly enchanting.
One of the few large forested blocks left in this area, conservation will protect its aesthetic values, biodiversity, natural resiliency, and its ability to sequester carbon. Conservation of this forested parcel will provide for approximately 1,674 tons of carbon sequestration annually.
This is a key watershed area. The Green Mountain Conservancy will protect and improve the quality of surface waters, specifically the West River, by managing the fields and forest lands that have frontage on the river to ensure that the water is kept free of pollutants, to prevent erosion, to ameliorate the effects of flooding, to protect the wildlife, aquatic and botanical species that are native to this river line area, and to eliminate invasive species that may be threatening the riverbanks and the quality of the water. To do this, they will follow the management guidelines described in the Vermont Conservation Design, and take action as directed by the Vermont State Agency of Natural Resources.
This area will be open to the public for hiking, birdwatching, educational activities, and hunting (with written permission). Public trails have been blazed and more are in development
The Green Mountain Conservancy has been supported by Vermont Land Trust, the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board, the Conservation Alliance, the Nature Conservancy, conservationists, community members and fundraising campaigns to be able to purchase and conserve these wild lands . Donations are gratefully accepted.
Deer Run Nature Preserve Trailhead and Directions
The Deer Run Nature Preserve offers public trails consisting of 2.6 miles of low-gradient footpath (5.2 miles round trip for all trails.) The the “Monument” is 2.2 miles from the trailhead, or 4.4 miles round trip. The trails take you from “beauty spot” to “beauty spot”- waterfalls, babbling brooks, ancient trees, stone walls, hardwood savannas and spectacular views.
From Route 30 cross the Dummerston Covered Bridge then turn left onto Camp Arden Road. Coming on the East West Road from Dummerston Center, go straight at the stop sign instead of crossing the bridge. About 1/2 mile from the Covered Bridge bear left at the fork in the road and follow the river. Continue for another mile. The trailhead is clearly marked and there is a gated parking area. After parking, look for the blue trail markers.WASHINGTON -- Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts Inc. and its shareholders are asking a bankruptcy court to approve sale and auction rules for the former site of the World's Fair Casino Hotel, according to court papers.
Court papers filed Thursday and obtained Monday by Dow Jones said the company's official committee of equity security holders has found a lead bidder who is willing to pay $12.5 million for the Atlantic City, N.J., site.
Upon emerging from Chapter 11 protection, the company changed its name to Trump Entertainment Resorts Inc. The company obtained a $500 million senior credit facility secured with a first-priority lien on its assets, and used $150 million under the facility to make payments connected with the reorganization plan.
The new company has $1.25 billion in debt, down from $1.8 billion. It also issued 40 million new common shares, after a 1,000-to-1 reverse stock split.
Shareholders said the current price is $5 million more than the previous value placed on the property. The potential buyer also has made a good faith deposit of $875,000.
The parties are seeking approval of a $360,000 breakup fee for the unidentified lead bidder in the event an auction produces a higher bid for the property.
< Gaming NewsThese are Genuine AR500 Body Armor Plates. See photos for label info and minor scuff marks.
Comes With 2 Plates with these features. Plus a lead time of up to 6 weeks.For More Info Go Here. Condition is "Used", in Excellent Condition.
The item "AR500 Body Armor (Pair) 10x12 Curved Build Up III+ Light Weight ALSC" is in sale since Friday, November 27, 2020. This item is in the category "Sporting Goods\Hunting\Tactical & Duty Gear\Body Armor & Plates".kzt22i" and is located in Barnardsville, North Carolina. This item can be shipped to United States.This is Philly instinct right here 🤣
Given that this man now lives in Florida where gators are more common, he put his quick-thinkin Philly cap on when an alligator greeted him at his front door.
So what to do next? Trap It in a trashcan of course! DUH!
This video is soooo funny to me because you see the Philly in this man, and not just from watching how he goes about tackling this situation -- but also at the way he takes a shot at Ben Simmons!
Now he's no Steve Urwin... but definitely close to being the Philadelphia equivalent!A recent study by Public Health England discovered that upwards of 25% of Brits may already have a natural immunity to COVID having previously caught a common cold virus similar to the coronavirus.
The Daily Mail explains:
Natural immunity to the coronavirus could be twice as common as experts believed, according to a Public Health England study.
Researchers at PHE found T-cells – a key part of the immune system – in a far higher number of people than expected.
The cells are vital for destroying human cells that have been infected with coronavirus to stop them going on to infect others – antibodies and other parts of the immune system can’t get to the virus once it gets this far in.
The research, among 2,847 key workers from the NHS, police and fire service in June, found that 25 per cent of participants had high levels of T-cells which recognised Covid.
READ: Natural coronavirus immunity could be TWICE as common as experts thought after Public Health England study claims millions have protective T-cells from catching similar cold viruses
Speaking of immunity, an Oxford study revealed that people who had previously contracted COVID have at least six months immunity. READ: People with COVID-19 antibodies ARE protected against reinfection for at least six months, Oxford study finds
Other studies suggest the immunity may actually last for years. READ: New study suggests immunity to coronavirus may last years — even decades — after infection
T-cells may be the key to stopping COVID. READ: We now have the best evidence yet that everyone develops long-term coronavirus immunity after infection — and it’s not just about antibodies
Reblogged this on Citizens.Publishing Target Types
In Project Settings, you can create new or select existing publishing targets to publish your content from your projects. There are several publishing target type options to choose from, including:
- Institutional Collection in Artstor, home to the Artstor Digital Library and a platform with various tools for use in teaching
- Personal Collection in Artstor, a collection that’s only accessible by the collection owner, but can be shared through image groups and folders
- Public Collection in Artstor, content will display in Artstor, but is freely accessible to any user without logging in.
- Omeka, a locally-hosted or Omeka-hosted website used in creating online exhibitions
- OAI, an Open Access Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH) server that makes your content discoverable on your library’s discovery layer
- JSTOR Community Collection, publish open access or institutional collections on JSTOR with your own institutional landing page and individual collection pages.
Edit Publishing Targets
Once a target has been created for an Institutional or Public collection, you can edit the collection name, description, add a collection representative image, and enable clustering support. For any publishing target type, you can also edit the download size, collection right statements, and select or deselect the target as your default target for the project.
To edit an existing target:
- Under the Targets tab, select the publishing target you wish to edit, then select Edit.
- You may make changes to:
- Collection Name* - edit a collection name.
- Collection Description* - This description appears in Artstor above your collection to offer additional context.
- Description character limit is 1,000 characters, and it can be edited at a later time.
- You can include hyperlinks in your Collection Description using the following code in the text of your description:
- <a target="_blank" href="The URL that you want to link to" style="display:inline">Enter the text that you want to hyperlink here</a>
EXAMPLE: <a target="_blank" href="" style="display:inline">JSTOR Forum</a>
- Collection Image - This 240 by 240 pixel JPG or PNG image displays next to the description. Some examples of the collection image include an institution's logo or an image from the collection that represents the content.
- Maximum Image Download - Set the maximum download size from Artstor. Options include Download not allowed, 400 pixels (JPEG), 1024 pixels (JPEG), 3000 pixels (JPEG), and Maximum download size (JPEG).
- Default Target - Set this target to be a default target to publish to from your project.
- Cluster Items Linked to Works (Institutional or Public Collection in Artstor only) - If using work records, check this box so items linked to works display together as a cluster when the collection is browsed. For more information, consult Link Items to a Work & Publishing Works.
- Collection Rights Statement - This statement will be added to each item published to this target. Consult Collection Rights Statements for more information. Also know you have access to RightsStatement.org and Creative Commons Licenses for providing rights information to items.
- Save the changes. For institutional, public, and personal collections in Artstor, please republish any items that were published prior to making changes to your publishing target.
*This only be done for JSTOR Community Collections and Artstor Institutional or Public Collections.
Remove a Publishing Target
To remove a publishing target from a project, you first need to suppress all items published to that target from that project.
To remove a publishing target, suppress or delete all items published to the target you want to remove in Forum. In Project Settings, navigate to the Targets tab and select the publishing target you want to remove, then select the trash can icon.Yokosuka recycle plant project
[Company / organization] TBM Co., Ltd.
Launch of the business
The Yokosuka recycling plant project started on August 30, 2021. The plant is scheduled to be operational in the fall of 2022.
Description of technology and business model
In this project, TBM plans to operate one of the largest recycling plants in Japan (processing capacity: approximately 40,000 tons per year). The plant is equipped with facilities to collect, automatically sort, and recycle used LIMEX and waste plastics, and aims to reduce CO2 emissions and consumption of natural resources through material recycling, which reuses waste as raw materials instead of incinerating them.
With the introduction of an automatic sorting line that we jointly developed with manufacturers, the plant will be able to actively accept and recycle miscellaneous business-related waste plastics from offices and factories, which are often incinerated.
The plant will collect used LIMEX, which is used by more than 6,000 companies and organizations as a substitute material for plastic and paper, and waste plastic, which remains in Japan and is increasingly in need of processing, in cooperation with collection and transportation companies in Yokosuka City to promote material recycling.
The plant has been certified as a "Select Kanagawa NEXT" project by Kanagawa Prefecture, a measure to attract companies to the prefecture with the aim of revitalizing the economy and creating jobs.
Achievements and goals
The outline of the Yokosuka recycling plant is as follows.
- Location: Part of 58-8, Shinmei-cho, Yokosuka City, Kanagawa Prefecture
- Site area: 13,693.50 m².
- Building floor area: 7,859.85 square meters
- Processing volume: Approx. 40,000 tons/year
- Production volume: approx. 24,000 t/year
- Start of operation: Autumn 2022 (planned)
URLs introducing the project
TBM launches a project for one of the largest recycling plants in Japan that automatically sorts and recycles LIMEX and plastics in Yokosuka City
- Reuse/Efficient use
- Recycle
- End-of-use
- Plastics
- Company in same business category
- Company in different category.
- Case/initiative by individual companyIn This Issue
“Strength Is the Hallmark of Youth”
Nefertiti Morris creates a harmonious family by changing herself first.
“Great Mountain” Chapter Debuts!
Final volume of SGI President Ikeda’s epic novel, The New Human Revolution, begins.
“Shine Like the Morning Sun” Now in Bookstores
New book of SGI President Ikeda’s encouragement to women.vpn
printing
vpn
mandarin
arabic
keyword
wine
â
t.
keyboost.co.uk. You can create a VPN connection to your remote network by using an Amazon EC2 instance in your VPC that's' running a third party software VPN appliance. AWS does not provide or maintain third party software VPN appliances; however, you can choose from a range of products provided by partners and open source communities..
vpn
How a VPN Virtual Private Network Works HowStuffWorks. Mobile Menu. HowStuffWorks. Mobile Newsletter. Mobile Newsletter banner close. Mobile Newsletter chat close. Mobile Newsletter chat dots. Mobile Newsletter chat dots. Mobile Newsletter chat dots. Mobi. Analogy: Each LAN Is an Island. What Makes a VPN? Keeping VPN Traffic in the Tunnel.
What is a virtual private network VPN? F5..
♦ mumbai
♦ alcoholic
♦ course
♦ coaching
♦ refresher
♦ wines
♦ bosiet
♦ offshore
♦ quran
♦ alcohol
♦ maritime
♦ classesNormally fast food and keto are two things that don’t belong in the same sentence. That said, there are times when people on the ketogenic diet get into a jam and have no choice but to grab a low carb fast food option in order to get by.
This article talks about some of the best practices to do when someone is stuck in this situation.
Don’t do this regularly!
While there are some keto options on fast food menus, this still should not be something someone does regularly.
There will be times when someone needs to do whatever they can to get a meal, eating fast food all the time is bad, no matter what kind of diet someone is on.
Fast food restaurants have salads
Yes, that’s right. Fast food restaurants have salads on the menu. That said, there is probably a reason that many people are not aware of this. These are obviously not going to be the best salads out there. That said, they are usually low carb and can hold someone over until they are able to get somewhere to have a much better meal.
One thing to watch out for in fast food salads is hidden carbs. For instance, many fast food restaurants will load up their salad dressings with sugar. A low carb salad doesn’t loses its purpose if the dressing has 33 carbohydrates in it.
Obviously a salad from a fast food restaurant isn’t a delicious option, but that’s okay. This isn’t about that. This is about getting enough food in your belly to get you to your next meal. A salad can do that.
Bunless burgers are a great option
Most people think about burgers and they think of a bun and immediately rule out the burger as an option. That’s a bad move! Many fast food restaurants offer burgers for around a buck. Order two or three of them and either tell them to toss the bun or wrap it in lettuce. This is a good enough meal to hold someone over until their next meal.
One thing to be cautious of when ordering a bunless burger is ketchup. While the meat, cheese, veggies has very low carb, ketchup is loaded with sugar and also loaded with carbs. Putting mayo on the burger is a much better option. Little to no carbs and also helps to fill you up. It brings fat, just what is needed on the keto diet.
Get the fast food mobile apps
The mobile apps at the fast food chains are amazing for people on the ketogenic diet. It makes it easy to customize all of items that are ordered. Instead of being a pain in the neck with the article with ten modifications, simply pull up to the window and let the cashier know you are there to pick up an order from the mobile app. It’s as simple as that.
Another perk of the apps is that there are many opportunities to uncover hidden gems in the menu. There might be a salad that you didn’t even know existed on the menu and thanks to having the app and being able to see all of your items you can now discover it on the app.
There is hope with fast food on the keto diet
Don’t just cave in and eat a burger (with bun) and fries, just because you are hungry and don’t have anything to eat with you. With the tips above you can survive.
Just to get you started, here are a couple of guides to help people in two of the largest fast food chains in the United States.
Read more:
Keto options at McDonald’s
Keto options at Taco Bell
Keto calculator
As discussed above, there are many low carb fast food options out there. Remember, consider all your options, go bunless and don’t make this a habit. Stick to those rules and you will be fine.
Revision 21.3.2021 – 404 links removedThe POCO F3 5G smartphones
The Banggood online site currently offers a flash sale very interesting on the POCO F3 5G smartphone with 6 GB + 128 GB. Thanks to this flash sale, the displayed price is reduced to 285.78 euros (excluding optional shipping guarantee). The delivery costs are very low, with 0.60 euro using the “EU Priority Line” delivery method. The total price including delivery therefore amounts to 286.38 euros. This version works with the 4G and 5G frequencies used in France, and embeds the French language.
To take advantage of this good plan, you will need to go to this page. As this is a flash sale, there is no promo code to enter to take advantage of this good plan. To guarantee the transaction, on receipt of the product on time but also the quality of the latter, you can make the payment by PayPal. A flash sale is, as the name suggests, available for a short time. This is no exception to the rule, since it is both limited in stock and in time. It is thus the fastest who will be sure to benefit from it.
The POCO F3 5G is equipped with a Snapdragon 870 SOC incorporating 8 cores operating at a maximum of 3.2 GHz. Along with the SOC, the version in question here has no less than 6 GB of RAM memory and no less than 128 GB of storage.
On the display side, the smartphone is equipped with a 6.67-inch AMOLED screen of 2400 x 1080 pixels with a refresh rate of 120Hz. About the shooting we observe the presence of a 48MP + 8MP + 5MP photo sensor on the back of the device, and a 48MP sensor on the front. The battery for its part has a capacity of 4520 mAh compatible with 33W wired fast charging.
The POCO F3 5G smartphones
About the Banggood site
The Banggood site is starting to make a name for itself. And for good reason: this site for the whole world sells electronic equipment, from mobile devices to drones and connected objects, at prices that are often cheaper than the classic giants of Internet commerce.
This is the specificity of Banggood. We know well the well-known resellers in France such as Amazon and eBay, Cdiscount as well as Rakuten (formerly Price-Minister). Banggood is an international e-commerce site whose borderless growth is fully assumed. This is how the prices presented fluctuate subtly overnight. This is caused by the fluctuation of the exchange rate between the euro that an Internet user located in Europe will see and the dollar taken as a reference.
POCO smartphone knockdown price youll hurrySES had total video revenues of €526 million in the first half, down 3.9% on the same period last year.
HSE24 and MBC create Arab home shopping venture
German home shopping network HSE24 Group and the Middle East Broadcasting Center (MBC) have signed a joint venture agreement to establish a home shopping company in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
Discovery plans teleshopping in Germany
The German media authorities have granted Discovery Communications Deutschland a licence for the operation and nationwide distribution of a teleshopping service under the working title D-Shop for eight years.
Who’s Investing Now? Creative & Digital Industries 2012
While the recession continues to weaken opportunities for economic growth, the creative and digital industries are increasingly emerging as key sectors in shaping the world economy. Many sectors, such as new and interactive media, broadband TV, electronic games and content services, have shown double-digit growth in recent years.
DTH Broadcasting in Western Europe
With profiles of 20 markets this Broadband TV News Briefing outlines the strategies and market positions of Western Europe’s satellite platforms. The delivery of linear channels by satellite remains an economic way of delivering content to mass audiences, but the popularity of on-demand, offering ‘what you want when you want it’, means that the DTH […]
AIB Sourcebook 2009
Available now – the latest edition of the AIB Global Broadcasting Sourcebook, with the most comprehensive listing of the world’s TV and radio broadcasters including key personnel, as well as selected IPTV operators, cable companies and DTH platforms. The Sourcebook also has extensive analysis and context to make this an indispensible business reference tool. Order […]
UK Web Shows Now
Discover how British producers are pioneering new online TV formats and business models. The UK is already a key territory for the creation of highly innovative Web television and transmedia formats and the commercial models for their production. UK Web Shows Now is the only business report to cover the market’s original Web TV series, […]
CEE digital cable takes off
Digital cable is finally starting to take off in Central and East Europe (CEE), with UPC alone likely to have up to one million subscribers in the region by the end of the year.
German Market Report
Germany’s competitive television market is the largest in Europe, with some 37 million TV households. Around 90% of German households have cable or satellite TV, and viewers enjoy a comprehensive mix of more than 30 free-to-air (FTA) public and commercial channels. This has acted as a brake on the development of pay-TV services. In a […]
UK & Ireland Market Report
The […]Dave Chappelle’s ‘The Closer’ Cheapens His Legacy
The legendary comedian is smarter than his willfully ignorant gags about the LGBTQ+ community and trans people
Contrary to his ongoing campaign against cancel culture, no one is cancelling Dave Chappelle. At this point he couldn’t be cancelled even if that were a real thing: he’s too rich, he’s built an…Transferring Credits Transfer credit for the bachelor’s degree program. Courses completed at other colleges or universities that are comparable to courses taught at the home campus will generally transfer as direct course equivalents. Continuing education courses, graduate-level courses, and courses that are remedial, technical, vocational, or doctrinal in nature are not transferable. If you have completed coursework at a University of Wisconsin (UW) or Wisconsin Technical College System (WTCS) campus, you can evaluate how your credits might transfer to your UW Health and Wellness Management home campus by visiting Transfer Wisconsin. Students interested in the bachelor’s degree program, who have less than the required number of transferable college credits may be considered for provisional admission. We encourage you to request information and to contact an enrollment adviser to find out what options may be available to you..)Corona timeline
Polk gives data on its first 17 cases
COLUMBUS—Polk County officials are releasing more and more information about the Coronavirus, including a recent timeline of positive cases.
The county had its first case on March 26 and since has accumulated 19 positive cases as of Tuesday afternoon.
The first and second case came on consecutive days, with the cases spread out over days. Polk County went from April 10, when it had 9 cases, until April 20 for its 10th case and has added 9 cases since then. The last cases came over the weekend, when the county went from 12 cases last Friday to 17 cases by Monday morning. The county had another 2 cases on Tuesday.
The county has recently opened up a drive-through testing site at the former jail in Columbus on Thursdays by appointment only.
There are still no reported deaths in the county, and nearby Landrum has 1 case, while Campobello has 4 cases.
Polk County officials say they are unable to say how many of its 19 cases has recovered, as it is waiting on guidance from the Center for Disease Control as to what full recovery is defined.
The county is also not yet releasing where the positive patients live.
Polk County officials said this week that the state of North Carolina has stated they will begin releasing information about locations of positive cases soon. Officials said they are not sure if that will be by zip code or other locating factors. The information to be released will also include numbers at long-term care facilities, with county officials saying they will release that information as soon as it is received.
Hospitalization numbers are also not being released at this time.
“At this time we are unable to release hospitalization counts due to the significantly small number of case combined with other public information would potentially be able to reveal an individual’s identity and violate their confidentiality, or hospital’s privacy policies,” states the Polk County Health Director. “In addition, cases may have unique health issues that could have resulted in their hospitalization prior to being positive or after they were hospitalized.”
As of Tuesday, North Carolina had 9,568 laboratory-confirmed cases, with 342 deaths. The state has completed 112,752 tests, with 463 people currently hospitalized. The virus has been confirmed in 96 of the state’s 100 counties.
Buncombe County had 53 cases and 4 deaths as of Tuesday; Henderson County had 155 cases and 16 deaths as of Tuesday; Rutherford County had 120 cases and 4 deaths as of Tuesday and Transylvania County had 7 cases and zero deaths as of Tuesday, according to the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services.
Tryon seeks new fire chief
Town advertises after sudden loss of chief Waters TRYON—The Town of Tryon is officially seeking a new fire chief after... read moreAtlantic Fence
5104 93 St NW
Edmonton, AB
T6E 5K4
780-450-6628
sales@atlanticfence.ca
It began as a small operation, but now they’re a full-scale competitor.
The Indigenous Business Profile speaks with Justin Gladue, whose roots are in Kehewin Cree Nation. He is the owner of Atlantic Fence in Edmonton.
Justin started out building fences and learning from his Dad, who ran the business for over 35 years. Justin became the owner of Atlantic Fence a few years ago and says he’s proud that they are known as a reliable First Nation company. More.
“It’s motivating to youth that there are Aboriginal owners out there, not just workers,” Justin said. “We’re out there, we’re starting businesses and we’re employing Aboriginal as well”.
That is a big part of why Atlantic Fence is successful.
“I didn’t really know how to run a business as opposed to I knew how to fence. And what I did was I taught myself the business side of it.” He enrolled in the University of Alberta’s executive business management courses. “The tools I learned from there helped me run Atlantic Fence.”
Still, Justin said it was a lot of trial, error, and especially learning from his dad.
Justin said it also took gaining the trust of clients who were unsure if Atlantic Fence could meet their demands, but that trust was gained.
“And we started to build the reputation as a reliable company, and a reliable First Nations Company which has really helped our branding and our image moving forward.”Electric Telphers and Electric Hoists are not equivalent to an Electric Wheelchair. Electric wheelchairs require a force hotspot for operating and should be physically worked. Electric Telphers is self controlled and is utilized mainly by debilitated individuals, matured consideration offices and individuals with actual handicaps. The word 'electric' in these names portrays both the gadgets and the people who use them. Both have one basic point, which is to give portability to those in the public eye who probably won't have had the option to beforehand.
As the world develops all the more in fact reformist, our way of life has changed likewise, and this is the place where our associations with innovation change. All things considered, within the following not many years, all correspondence will be done either by voice or by some sort of PC order. This implies that any electrical equipment supplier will have a prerequisite for gifted and authorized electricians. These electricians should have adequate information on wiring and have the option to install and maintain equipment that will do basically everything. Electricians should likewise have a permit, which demonstrates that they have finished a training program endorsed by the applicable industry body. There are numerous affiliations and governing bodies that manage electrical installations, training and licensing. вакуумный контактор
It is fundamental that all electricians in the production network have a legitimate declaration and there are a few associations out there which guarantee that all quality principles are kept. As a business, an electrical equipment supplier can't depend exclusively on its own representatives. It should have a framework set up which deals with the quantity of licenses that it issues to its vendors.
With so a wide range of sorts of equipment that can be installed, it can some of the time be confusing for a business to comprehend the kind of permit that a permit holder ought to have. To evade this issue, one would have to invest significant time and find out pretty much all the various types of electricians that can be employed at their organization. As well as licensing, an equipment supplier should ensure that its sellers are likewise appropriately trained.
The training interaction of Electrician relies upon the kind of work being finished. Electrical force wholesalers or merchant should go through a particular training course, which goes on for a month. Force wholesalers' permit is unique in relation to other classes of permit as merchants need to realize how to investigate electrical issues using different apparatuses. This likewise implies that the licensees need to have a careful information pretty much a wide range of electrical force and not simply a few.
Finding an electrical equipment supplier can be a daunting errand. Be that as it may, it tends to be made simpler with the assistance of Internet. While choosing a supplier, one can without much of a stretch examination about it and read the tributes given by past customers. Prior to making a choice, one should guarantee that the specialist co-op is solid and confirmed.
If you are looking for an academic writing service in US, you can never go wrong with DigitalEssay.net , where essays are available in a wide range of subjects, and academic levels from high school to PhD level.Located on the top floor of a secure residence, we offer you this beautiful 4/5 room apartment of 110m² with a 120m² terrace facing south.
A private elevator delivers you directly to the apartment.
It consists of an entrance leading to a large living / dining room and its terrace, an independent kitchen, a master bedroom en suite with bathroom and dressing room, two bedrooms sharing a bathroom, and a mezzanine that can accommodate also serve as a bedroom.
Two parking spaces complete this property.
No information availableBAMMA 24 Official Results
BAMMA is brought to you in Association with:
Spike TV & Channel 5 - BAMMA Broadcast Partners
Lonsdale & Sports Direct - The Official Equipment Partners of BAMMA
Safe MMA - Independent British Medical Organisation
Here are the official results from BAMMA 24: Kone Vs. Phillips held on Saturday 27th February from the 3Arena, Dublin Ireland. BAMMA’s next event is BAMMA 25, to be held on May 14th 2016 at the Barclaycard Arena, Birmingham. Tickets are on sale now at.
#BAMMA24 #ThisIsNotATest
MAIN CARD
(Main Event) BAMMA MIDDLEWEIGHT TITLE
John ‘The White Mike Tyson’ Phillips Def. Cheick ‘Animal’ Kone via Knockout (Punch) Rd.1 1:05
MIDDLEWEIGHT BOUT
Andy ‘Lions Paw’ DeVent Def. Paul '3rd Degree' Byrne via Knockout (Punches) Rd.1 0:59
BANTAMWEIGHT SUPERFIGHT
Tom ‘Firekid’ DuQuesnoy Def. Damien ‘The Rage’ Rooney Via Knockout (Punch) Rd.1 1:23
LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT BOUT
‘The Housewives Choice’ Chris Fields Def. Dan Konecke via Submission (Darce Choke) Rd.1 4:39
PRELIMS
LONSDALE BANTAMWEIGHT TITLE
Alan ‘The Apprentice’ Philpott Def. Nathaniel ‘The Prospect’ Wood Via TKO (Doctor Stoppage - Broken Nose) Rd.3 3:40
LIGHTWEIGHT BOUT
‘Magic’ Myles Price Def. Mario ‘Rudeboy’ Saeed Via TKO (Strikes) Rd. 2 1:24
WELTERWEIGHT BOUT
Peter ‘The Showstopper’ Queally Def. Nathan ‘Mr. Bag & Tag’ Jones Via Unanimous Decision (29-28, 29-28, 30-27)
FEATHERWEIGHT BOUT
Dylan ‘The Nuke’ Tuke Def. Mark ‘The Prophet’ Andrew Via TKO (Strikes) Rd.1 0:51
LIGHTWEIGHT BOUT
Brian ‘Pikeman’ Moore Def. Mick ‘Basher’ Brennan Via TKO (Strikes) Rd.1 2:39
FEATHERWEIGHT BOUT
Decky ‘The Diamond’ Dalton Def. Mike ‘Gip’ Cutting Via Unanimous Decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27)
FEATHERWEIGHT BOUT
James Gallagher Def. Gerard Gilmore Submission (Rear Naked Choke) Rd.1 2:55
WOMENS FEATHERWEIGHT BOUT
Sinead Kavanagh Def. Zarah Fairn Dos Santos Via Split Decision (29-28, 28-29, 29-28)
BANTAMWEIGHT BOUT
Sean Tobin Def. Gary ‘The Dumptruck’ Morris Via Submission (Rear Naked Choke) Rd.2 3:53
FEATHERWEIGHT BOUT
Lloyd Manning Def. Nicholas Ott Via Knockout (Punch) Rd.1 0:59
160lb CATCHWEIGHT BOUT
Rhys ‘Skeletor’ McKee Def. Alex Masuku Via Knockout (Headkick) Rd.1 2:51
(AMATUER) LIGHTWEIGHT BOUT
Jay Moogan Def Cian Cowley Via Unanimous Decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28)
For all the latest updates you can follow @BAMMA on Twitter.I went to visit her today and she once again offered me a cup of “friendship tea”. The tea is a blend of tea and Tang that she has been offering me for the whole of our forty years of friendship. She is not quite sure of where the name of this blend came from and I have no idea. Even so, even at 90, she had the kettle on waiting for me to arrive for our visit and the offer of tea as always. It has been a tradition with us.
As I reflected on my friend and the tea, I am keenly aware of how precious her friendship has been, how much refreshment and encouragement she has provided me, far beyond the tea she always offers. The tea, served first at her kitchen table, was a welcome to sit and chat. Much of the time she was listening to me. Through the last forty years, she has offered me the most precious of gifts, listening as well as often praying for me.
When we met, I was a young mother of two and she, twenty years my senior, seemed to never mind my chatting on about the season she had already walked through. There were gaps in the forty years where my life seemed to be spiraling off in so many directions that we would not see each other, but when I would be in touch she offered me the grace of never reminding me of the gap or how she had missed me. When we would see each other, it was as if we had talked only last week.
Today as I hugged her before leaving and took a moment to pray for her, I felt so thankful for how much she had reflected Jesus to me all these years. He too has often spent more time listening to me than I have waited to listen to Him. He too has not reminded me of His disappointment for being away from Him at times. He too has offered me continual grace and love.
It matters little what the source of the name of “friendship tea” was. What has mattered has been the gift of friendship she has offered, the kindness she has never failed to show, and the love that was always offered without any expectation in return.
3 thoughts on “Friendship Tea”
What a wonderful tribute to our dear family friend! It’s a rare find, this kind of a friend and one who bestows costly grace even rarer. Her cost as a result of really owning “His” cost first. She’s a reflection of Christ is so many ways. She’ll likely be more surprised than any of us at those rewards stored up for her… those costly treasures she’ll have to lay at His feet in abundance as a result of her faithful investment here. Grateful you’ve had her and grateful I’ve known her too.
Wonderful story. I am familiar with Friendship tea as my mother kept some in the house and I kept some in my dorm room through college. Your story brought back fond memories of my own over such a tea. it is dear to have a friend that listens, and listens, and listens some more. it is a blessing beyond measure. thanks for the blessing of your story and the reminder of my own.
The seasons of our lives are filled with a great deal of activity but true friends are a rare find. Cherish these friendship moments each day. Thank you for the reminder of God’s friendship and provision for our lives.Offers young people one-to-one support, training, business mentoring and opportunities to test out the sales of their products in real life market settings. This is delivered through linking together the services of The Prince’s Trust, London Youth Support Trust (LYST) and Westminster Kingsway College.
Into Enterprise
Contact details
- Contact Name
-
- info@camdenintoenterprise.com
- Website
-
Address
- Address
- Into Enterprise Hub
Westminster Kingsway College
211
Grays Inn Road
London
- Postcode
- WC1X 8RA
Further details
- Client Group
- 16–24 year olds.
- Ward
- Kings Cross Ward
- Last checked date
- 01/11/2012
- Record ID
- 21562.
-.
- permethrin (for use on raspberries only)
- plant essential oils (garlic, peppermint, rosemary, thyme)-Some formulations are OMRI-listed for organic use.
- pyrethrins-Some formulations are OMRI-listed for organic use.
- zeta-cypermethrin
Management-chemical control: COMMERCIAL USE
- azadirachtin (AzaMax and others) at 0.01 to 0.03 lb ai/a. PHI 0 days. Some formulations OMRI-listed for organic.
- pyrethrins (PyGanic) at 0.014 to 0.05 lb ai/a. PHI 0 days. Some formulations OMRI-listed for organic use. Do not apply when bees are actively foraging.
- thiamethoxam (Actara) at 0.047 lb ai/a. PHI 3 days. Do not apply during bloom or when bees are foraging in the area. Note "Bee Advisory Box" and restrictions on the label.Just another example how the US Government is more worried about the profits of the American Private Corporations than with the health of its own citizens.
"Chlorpyrifos is an inexpensive and effective pesticide that has been on the market since 1965."
Since 1965? So the US Government allowed profits to trump the health of its citizens for 55 years already?
Despite the ban on household use and the fact that chlorpyrifos doesn’t linger in the body, over 75% of people in the U.S. still have traces of chlorpyrifos in their bodies, mostly due to residues on food.
This number is not a joke. 3/4 of the population are infected because of pesticides in their food and several US Governments did nothing about it?
.
I don't agree with the way things are being done. We shouldn't allow Governments and Corporations to spread the use of chemical products until they are proven to be unsafe.
That's backwards.
Instead, we should be prohibiting the use of new products on a massive scale until they are proven to be safe.
That's what a logical human would do.
First, products should be tested and they should only be released for the general population after extensive tests have proven beyond any reasonable doubt that they are completely safe for our health as well as for the ecosystem.
Why do we allow Governments and Corporations to release the products so quickly, turning us all into lab rats?
Oh, that's right. For the Almighty Dollar. How could I forget?.
Oh, look. Independent studies didn't took too long to conclude that these pesticides were harmful to humans. If only the American Government wasn't so corrupt and followed real scientists instead of trusting fake scientists hired by Private Corporations, many Americans wouldn't be infected and poisoned right now.
Instead, this is what the US Government accepted as "science":.
So, this is the kind of testing that the American Government accepts? This is not a test at all. This is mocking with the public and with science. This is making fools out of us. This is turning citizens into lab experiments. It is completely immoral and it should be considered a crime against humanity..
Why am I not surprised that a populist president acted in the interest of the Private Corporations and against its citizens?
Most voters are so dumb that they can't even see when they are being stabbed in the back. Their unconditional love for a Political Party that keeps betraying them makes them blind. Voters are like a woman who's suffered from domestic violence for 20 years and still loves her husband and believes that is real love, no matter how many times she ends up in the ER.
Why do we keep upvoting for these guys, over and over again? Are we humans that dumb that we keep making the choices that hurt us the most? Are we simply a masochistic species?
Wake up America. Wake up World. It's time to take the power back.
Source: Why California is banning chlorpyrifos, a widely-used pesticide: 5 questions answered by Gina Solomon
The term mother is often given to a woman other than the biological parent, especially if she who fulfills the main social role in raising the child. This is commonly either an adoptive mother or a stepmother (the biologically unrelated wife of a child's father). In lesbian cultures, a non-biological mother, or so-called "othermother" exists.
Currently, with advances in reproductive technologies, the function of biological motherhood can be split between the genetic mother (who provides the ovum) and the gestational (commonly known as a surrogate) mother (who carries the pregnancy), and it is also]
The social role and experience of motherhood varies greatly depending upon location. The organization Save the Children has (controversially) ranked the countries of the world, and found that Scandinavian countries are the safest places to give birth, whereas countries in sub-Saharan Africa are the least safest to give birth[11]..
Mothers are more likely than fathers to encourage assimilative and communion-enhancing patterns in their children.] This is, however a position highly biased by Western world locality: outside the Western world, in-vitro fertilization has far less prominence, importance or currency compared to primary, basic healthcare, womens' basic health, reducing infant mortality and the prevention of life-threatening diseases such as polio, typhus and malaria.,[20] Jews,[21] and Muslims.[22] Some examples of glorification or deification include the Madonna or Blessed Virgin Mother Mary for Christians, the Hindu Mother Goddess, or Demeter of ancient Greek pre-Christian belief. In Islam, the Q'uran dictates the mother occupying an importance and position three times superior to that of the father. However, while the mother is considered the most important member of the family, she is not the head of the family..).
-The giant steel-framed globe, a 31-foot steel structure on a roundabout in front of MOA, also known as the ‘MOA Globe’, greeted visitors of the mall since 2006.
Steel structures give the MOA Globe its precise shape. Structural steel is a type of steel building material that is made of a certain shape and chemical composition to meet the project’s needs.
Photo from: SM Mall of Asia Official/Facebook
RELATED: 5 Reasons to Consider Steel as Your Next Construction Material
How are steel structures maintained?
With the Globe’s whereabouts now put to rest last week, SM Management confirmed the landmark is currently receiving repairs. Here’s how SM MOA, and other companies, maintain their steel structures:
1. Regular inspection and monitoring.
Steel structures require constant maintenance, inspection, and monitoring to ensure that they continue to provide completely reliable function long after their initial projected life cycle has passed. Well, the MOA Globe gets its regular inspection.
The management implements regular inspection to ensure proper maintenance of these structures. Structure maintenance should ideally comprise both analytical analysis and onsite inspection by a team of personnel who can handle both.
Photo Courtesy: The Constructor
2. Clean the steel framework.
Cleaning the steel framework is also vital to remove any dust that has accumulated and could cause scratches or dull the structure, especially when the MOA Globe has been used for multiple promotions. Any mold that has formed around it because of moisture exposure should be removed.
3. Repair minor flaws.
Carry out minor repairs as quickly as possible, before the steeled structures deteriorate further and cause structural damage. It is preferable not to leave any holes in the steel framework or cracks in the paint for the future if they find them. You never know when minor flaws can turn into major issues that will affect your steel structure’s complete structure.
RELATED: Here’s How Stainless Steel Buildings are Maintained
4. Replacement and reinforcement.
Fasteners or fittings that are prone to corrosion are routinely used to connect structural steel piles. This requires regular maintenance. Routine maintenance includes tightening or replacing bolts and replacing cracked or corroded fittings.
Replacement and reinforcement of the base is also part of mooring fittings maintenance. Cast steel fittings of the same size and capacity as the old ones for the replacement.
Keep a stationary or floating object attached to the rest of the vessel when loading or unloading. As the MOA Globe is located close to the seaside, it can endure a variety of factors, including wind, current, tide, and waves.
Photo Courtesy: Havit Steel Structure
Corrosion can damage and deteriorate these structures. Reinforcing H-piling by welding steel plates onto flanges and web is suited for localized corrosion. Welding reinforcing rods across the damaged area along the main axis of the restored member is another method of strengthening.
Reinforcing plates should be thick enough to restore the piling’s previous strength, while being large enough to encompass and extend beyond the corroded area’s extremities. Clean and hone the old steels to a thickness that allows for a robust weld. Feather cut edges to eliminate cracks, completely welding around the plate.
RELATED: Different types of steel bars used in construction
To summarize, maintaining steel structures involves reinforcing and updating all of its components.
The elements that make up the steel-framed globe of MOA may only require less maintenance and few repairs because of their endurance and capacity to endure. From its inception in 2006 to its current status as a popular tourist site, regular care and maintenance will assure its long-term viability and sustainability.
CITATIONS:
- A. (2017, October 13). Maintaining Steel Structures And Components. Edmonton Structural Steel Fabrication.
- de la Cruz, C. I. (2021a, November 15). That MOA Globe “Incident” Is A PR Stunt and Not Everyone’s Amused. SPOT.PH.
- Mundra, S. (2012, February 9). How to maintain Steel Structures of your building? PreserveArticles.Com: Preserving Your Articles for Eternity.

Binixo doesn’t charge any costs. The choice of personal provides is free. We deal with trusted ongoing companies just
Need not panic of some other rejection, allow banking institutions end up being the party that is only performs on peopleвЂ™s nerves. On line loan providers realize that circumstances could be various plus they are not too enthusiastic about asking much paperwork. No document required, it is more than enough to follow the next rules as of now, to be eligible for online loans in South Africa
- To be more than 18 years;
- To own an income that is constant attained funds from self-employment);
- To possess a SA ID, and banking account or card.
ThatвЂ™s it. And, an individual can be assured understanding that no body cares about their purposes of asking for one credit, by way of example, the exact same needs are relevant to no payslip loans that are constantly refused in banking institutions.
Loans No Paperwork Immediate Cash? Simple tips to utilize
Binixo can essentially do all of the steps with regards to their customers many information must be supplied ahead of time. The step that is first concern a software kind for no documents loans, hence it is important in order to avoid making errors:
- a quick type within the designated header during the Binixo site. Indicate a complete title, e-mail, and number that is mobile
- Redirect to the creditor;
- Confirm . An applicant should confirm his consent on the creditorвЂ™s site. In some instances, he should suggest private information one includeitional time or atart exercising . additional information. Note, most of the required details ought to be pertaining to a debtor just. The request will be canceled if he manages to attach fake information or make a mistake.
The money is transferred on the bank account, and a borrower should remember about the repayment terms after all these steps.
Tips for Brand New Candidates
It is very important to bear in mind that payday advances for blacklisted no documents ought to be discharged on time. One delay that is simple a job candidate has a bad , charges, and increased interest. Then, do never ever neglect the appropriate reading associated with the contract since there might be concealed pitfalls concerning quick loans or details about penalties, together with payment duration.
Finally, it isn’t suggested to use for loans which are over 30-40% of oneвЂ™s family members or budget that is personal. It’s going to make discharging that is hard financial obligation and resulted in purchase of brand new credits such as for instance loans for unemployed, for instance.
Become familiar with More With FAQs
Exactly how times that are many individuals rejected the ideas about loans without any papers needed as a result of a concern with dealing with fraudulence? Such occasions with no one is protected . Nevertheless, forehanded understanding may conserve someoneвЂ™s money and time. For consumersвЂ™ convenience, please look at the next FAQs getting to learn more about moneylending.
It really is a credit broker aimed borrowers find loan providers because of the most readily useful stipulations. It really works just with NCR licensed companies and guarantees the security of data and immediate cash.
No, the solutions are totally free of fee.
Yes. Furthermore, on developing this program in a lot of urban centers in Southern Africa. As soon as, an applicant requirements to just take a cash that is urgent, Binixo will assist you to deal with this task within a few minutes.
It just is dependent on the chosen creditor. In many situations, it is from 5 times as much as a couple of months.
It occurs for a lot of reasons. Normally the one is when customers apply for loan but suggest invalid data or make errors.
-
- Financial obligation review loans
- Simple loans
- Guaranteed loan approval
- Instant loan
- Loans for Blacklisted
- Loans for pensioners
- Loans for one-man shop
- Loans for unemployed
- Loans Without Credit Checks
- Minimal loans
- Microloans
- Require cash
- No payslip loans
- On line loan approval
- On The Web Loans No Documents
- Payday advances
- Signature loans
- Private loans
- Quick loans online
- R500 loan
- Short term installment loans
- Tiny loans
- Urgent Cash Loans
Getting a loan?
Indicate the term and amount
an application that is online
Pick the most useful offer
Get verification and cash
you may also get loans various other towns
Binixo is really a no-commission solution for picking credit businesses for possible borrowers. Binixo will not issue loans. This website as well as its articles are a residential property of Infinsacom LLC Radai St., 31. A, 1092 Budapest, Hungary
Binixo is neither banking nor lender by itself. The details you share with this internet site is employed when it comes to purpose that is sole of apt financiers from our system.
General needs for debtor: individual should be over 18 and become a resident of Republic of Southern Africa.
Loan interest: with respect to the loan provider, rate of interest may vary: per from 0.02% to 0.2%, APR(annual percentage rate) from 10.5% to 71% day.
Example: Credit quantity is R1000, credit term is thirty days, complete payout quantity is R1378.53. These values вЂ‹вЂ‹are approximate that will differ according to the conditions associated with loan provider
Effects of Non repayments When a debtor does not repay the required amount also because of circumstances that are different you will find anyhow charges that always are mentioned in . Extra expenses are probably the most common fine. Various other situations, you will find activities whenever a credit business begins instance. Or, it could provide the directly to gather your debt to 3rd occasions.
Beware, in the event that you delay repaying a financial obligation, an organization will determine the penalty cost beginning the wait time until finding a complete volume. And, if you will find such circumstances, they adversely affect the borrowerвЂ™s credit rating. If trying to get a brand brand new loan, get yourself a rejection.Last Friday I posted A Question?
My question was about this…
… and I didn’t say anything else about it because I didn’t want to influence the response at all. And I would really like to thank everyone who replied. I so much appreciate the thoughtfulness and consideration that went into all of your responses.
Apart from A Question? I didn’t blog anything last week because I was so overwhelmed with sadness and I’m not going to go into that here. I do emotional literacy in the stereotypical English way – not often and not well! – but I was determined to keep sewing and I thought making something would make me feel better but I was at a loss for what to sew. So I thought I’d try modifying a New York Beauty block to make something like this image…
…which I drew and began to make a needlepoint piece of (destined to remain a UFO forever, I think) years ago. It was originally inspired by the quotation: ‘The person in the heart is is the person in the sun’ which crops a lot in the early Upanshads, particularly the Chandogya, but I modified the idea to have the person juggling rain drops because that struck me as more realistic.
To start with I was aiming for a modern solids look and thinking cushions but when I got to this stage I couldn’t think how best to quilt it and I thought ‘sometimes you just to give up to the universe’. That seems an odd thing to have thought out of the blue about the quilt, life and everything but I decided just to go with it. And for some reason prayer flags came to mind. Lately, I seem to keep meeting people enthused about all things Tibet at
And I listened to this You Tube Video of crystal singing bowls, played by Deborah Van Dyke and Valerie Farnsworth accompanied by the art of Jack Haas. It was like a sort of sewing meditation and might be worth doing from time to time just for the peacefullness of it. The sound is extraordinarily beautiful and the images are stunning.
And, beginning with shadow quilting, I listened and sewed in circles and cried a lot – which didn’t help with even stitches and straight lines but gave it a certain character – and I made myself a rule not to unpick anything and not to imagine it perfect but just to change direction or colour when I thought it looked like it needed it and to accept however it turned out (life, the quilt and everything!).
And I listened to this wonderful TED TALK:
“We’re taught to try to live life without regret. But why? Using her own tattoo as an example, Kathryn Schulz makes a powerful and moving case for embracing our regrets”
And just kept sewing and doing all the steps of regret just how she describes. Except I still have a way to go before I can genuinely laugh at myself. Perhaps when I can, I’ll be able to write in an entertaining and matter-of-fact way describing what it was all about.
And then I received an email update from Susan’s Blog – Good Disruptive change – which I would highly recommend to anyone – and she had blogged a post called HOW TO BE YOUR OWN TRUTHTELLER where she says (among lots of other interesting things):
“When Peter Drucker observed that “no one has ever failed to find the facts he is looking for,” he was talking about confirmation bias, known as the most dependable of all delusions. What is confirmation bias? It’s when we pay attention to information that confirms what we want to believe, and ignore information that challenges it”.
So I sewed round in circles some more adding some reflection on confirmation bias into the mix.
And in the end I felt a lot wiser but not much happier and I had pretty much run out space for any more stitching and I realized the flag was finished.
But I’d noticed the other flags tend to have names and words on them and I had been naming it the ‘Heart of Sorrow’, which doesn’t seem quite right for a wish for all beings to be ‘uplifted and a little happier’. And I did think it looked quite bright and cheerful and I like the idea that from the heart of sorrow something hopeful and happy and beautiful could emerge but I still didn’t feel hopeful and happy and beautiful and I was concerned that it might just be sending out vibes of sadness and unstraight lines so I didn’t feel comfortable with embroidering those words on.
So asking for really genuine responses, positive or negative, was a way of testing the response of the universe to see if this could be a prayer flag at all.
I think I will link it up to the The Prayer Flag Project. I think I’ll call it ‘From the Heart…’ and rather than embroidering words on, I’ll leave it to speak for itself.
Edited to add: Thanks to everyone who has commented or emailed I think the whole process was surprisingly helpful and I’m pretty much back to normal now and somewhat wiser for it :)
Edited to add: This is continued in the following post, here.
9 thoughts on “From the Heart…”
Kelli
What a touching story, and a beautiful prayer flag, Janine. I'm sorry for your sorrow, but it's truly inspirational that you've turned the process of your emotions into something so stunning. xo
sue
Thank you for sharing this. There are many things I will take from it.
OksanaB
Janine, your prayer flag/quilt is perfect! Thank you for sharing your story on the blog. It's amazing that you were able to channel your negative emotions into something so beautiful. Keep quilting!
Archie the wonder dog
I'm so sorry you've had a sad time – take care xx
Karen
So sorry you are sad, that is a beautiful expression of sadness. Like Sue said, I will taken many things from what you have posted here – truly wonderful.
M-R
What a thoughtful and interesting post, Janine. I'm glad you are feeling better. It's hard to be in those down spots and so important to remember that they will not last. It's wonderful to have such a great project to help work through the sadness. :)
Lucy @ Charm About You
Janine I've been out of the loop because I'm ill but I wanted to comment on this amazing post. The prayer flag is truly stunning and such a great intent. I enjoyed all the links and think you're definitely on the right track. I hope the sadness lifts and I'm sure this positive and beautiful heart will help :)
Huge hugs xxxxx
I'm reading the secret and getting positive myself… might make a flag as a reminder!
Benta At SLIKstitches
What a great post, in itself it was soothing and calming, and I haven't even followed the links yet.
I am so sorry that I blatted on about the quilt being such a happy thing, obviously my empathic sensing powers are cr@p, but if you can pour your sorrow out and make something so lovely, it sounds like a great arrangement!
Katie
I'm sorry to have missed this when you orginally posted it. I am still trying to catch up with blog reading across the board.
I absolutely love your prayer flag and that you were able to talk honestly about the process of creating it. I'm sorry that there was sadness at this time, but know that we all go through those times. The fact that you worked through it to create something for the world to benefit from just speaks volumes for your soul.
I have been secretly lurking on the Prayer Flag blog and have yet, only thought about diving in to creating something in that vein. I have long been fascinated by Tibetan practices (as well as religious/spiritual practices around the world) and one day want to travel there. I'm happy to have seen your prayer flag featured on their blog. I hope you create more as they come to you.
I'll cut this short here as I don't want to go on in the comments. I could probably talk about this for days, but will have to return to this post to check out the videos and links you shared. I need to get to bed right now. :)View
22
Download
0
Embed Size (px)
in p
ar tn
er sh
ip w
ithPawpr int Badges
.co.uk
48,000 children require emergency accommodation in the UK each year, often leaving home without the chance to collect basic items.
The Buddy Bag Foundation is here to help! In our first, official charity partnership challenge pack find out what the Buddy Bag Foundation is, raise awareness of their cause
and fundraise to provide even more Buddy Bags, helping young people in your area. 25p from the sale of each badge goes to helping the work of the Buddy Bag Foundation along with an additional
donation towards helping Scouts and Guides from across the UK via The Pawprint Trust. Thank you for your support!
Suggested challenges for different age groups: their challenges.
In addition to the challenges we suggest that each young person raises £25.00 - enough to fund one Buddy Bag.
Once completed head to the website to get your paws on your badges!
© Pa
wp rin
t Ba
dg es
2 0
18 . P
aw pr
in t
Ba dg
es is
n ot
a ffi
lia te
d to
t he
S co
ut A
ss oc
ia tio
n or
G irl
gu id
in g.
Pawpr int Badges
.co.uk
Th
e B uddy
Bag FoundationCh allenge
© Pa
wp rin
t Ba
dg es
2 0
18 ..
Imagine if your whole world changed in a day. Imagine having to leave everything you own
and everyone you know.
Children fleeing violent situations often have to leave home quickly, without the chance to collect basic items.
These children arrive in emergency accommodation with just the clothes they are wearing.
Source: NSPCC web site Department of Education 2014
Where did the Buddy Bag idea come from? During a visit to Australia in 2014, our founder, Karen Williams, was inspired by an article about The Alannah and Madeline Foundation () which has delivered more than 60.
hello@buddybagfoundation.co.uk
facebook.com/BuddyBagFoundation @buddybagsuk
Charity No. 1164916
48,000 children require emergency accommodation in the UK each year.
A matter of fact, you may be shocked to learn that
What is a Buddy Bag?.
Buddy Bags are tailored to suit babies, children and young people according to age groups and gender.
How can you help? Due to the nature of our foundation and appeal, we’re always looking for help from individuals and businesses alike.
Whether you have some spare time and skills, items or cash to donate, all is welcome. For more information, please see the ‘How can I help’ document on our website or email hello@buddybagfoundation.co.uk
© Pa
wp rin
t Ba
dg es
2 0
18 .
in p
ar tn
er sh
ip w
ithPawpr int Badges
.co.ukCraft Learn to knit/crochet/sew and make a toy like the ones that go into the Buddy Bags.
Have a go at Aboriginal dot painting and use it to tell a story. Why? The Buddy Bag Foundation was inspired by an Australian foundation. Aboriginal people are the indigenous people of Australia and dot painting is now recognised as an integral part of Aboriginal art.
Make and decorate a bookmark like the ones that go in each book sent out in a Buddy Bag. Why not give it to a friend?
Try your hand at woodwork and make a boomerang from plywood.
Learn to make friendship bracelets by plaiting/weaving.
Make your very own koala friend or joey, use any method you choose.
Make a thank-you postcard (like the ones in the Buddy Bags) and send it. You can see some of the postcards BBF receive on their website.
Cut a string of paper hearts and think about what makes a healthy relationship. Write them in each heart.
For Leaders... This activity encourages young people to consider what is healthy in a relationship. For younger groups it might be a friendship, learning to share and also when not to share. For older groups you may want to touch on abusive and controlling relationships and where to get help.
Make a paper chain of people and name each one with a person in your safety network who can help you if you are worried/scared.
Make a stress ball/squishy/calming play-dough.
Create a worry pet/worry bag.
Make and write your own kindness cheques and make promises to help others. For example, “I promise to help with the washing up at least once a week.”
© Pa
wp rin
t Ba
dg es
2 0
18 .
in p
ar tn
er sh
ip w
ithPawpr int Badges
.co.ukFood Make your own Aussie yo-yo biscuits.
Make your own fairy bread- an Australian treat.
Bake cakes and run a bake sale.
Handy Hint! This could be used to raise money for the BBF. £25.00 provides one child with one bag...how many bags could you buy with the money you’ve raised?
Cook with Kangaroo or Ostrich.
Host an Aussie style BBQ and cook outside. Why not sell tickets as your fund-raiser?
A Buddy Bag is something a child can call their own no matter where they go. Cook or bake your ‘signature recipe’ for others in your unit. Why not hold a bake-off?
Decorate cakes to look like Buddy the bear.
Here’s an idea... Use chocolate buttons of different sizes and colours for the ears and mouth and piping/writing icing for the eyes and stitch detail. Choose a chocolate flavour butter cream to add some texture and when you’re done why not sell them at your bake sale?
Learn about foods that can boost your mood and cook with them.
Why? Think about how you would feel if everything in your world changed. Would you feel scared? Sad? Frightened? There are foods that can help boost your mood and give you a helping hand when you feel sad...how cool is that?!
Bake some traditional Australian damper bread.
What is your comfort food and why? Does it bring back nice memories? Make it for others to try.
Hold a team cooking challenge and award points for the team that works the best together.
© Pa
wp rin
t Ba
dg es
2 0
18 .
in p
ar tn
er sh
ip w
ithPawpr int Badges
.co.ukGames Buddy Bag pack relay.
How? You will need a rucksack and all the essential items that go into a Buddy Bag per team (toothbrush, toothpaste, socks, underwear, pyjamas, book, teddy bear, bookmark, photo frame, etc. Add more for older groups). Each team must (in relay) run to collect an item for their bag and bring it back to pack it into their bag. The first team to pack their buddy bag wins! How fast can you pack a Buddy Bag? How fast can you unpack it in reverse?
Sock pairing game. How many pairs of socks can you pair in 1 minute?
Make a positive thinking fortune teller and play with friends. You could use this as your craft challenge too. What positive thoughts will you include? What will make others feel good?
Pairs. Can you pair up the signs/symptoms of abuse with their titles?
For Leaders... This is a good way to get young people to learn about the different types of abuse and the tell tale signs. You can play this one of two ways, either with cards describing different abuse scenarios or giving each young person either a type of abuse or the signs. Those with signs should walk around and silently act out their signs (miming having no money (financial abuse), a sore rib (physical abuse)) and those with titles should go and find their pair.
Build empathy and under
RecommendedRecent SearchesClear
Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour
See More
Safety measures
8 to 10 hours (Approx.)
Hotel pickup offered
Mobile ticket
Offered in: English
Good for avoiding crowds
Overview
Explore Grand Teton National Park without the stress of navigating on a full–day tour with convenient round–trip transport from Jackson Hole. In addition to spotting wildlife with the help of your guide’s trained eye and complimentary binoculars, the day’s itinerary includes a scenic lunch stop and prehistoric petroglyphs. A small group size ensures your guide’s full attention and a personal experience.
- Grand Teton National Park day trip by minivan
- Focus your lens on bison, moose, elk and pronghorn sheep
- Visit the National Bighorn Sheep Center and view ancient Shoshone rock art
- Hotel pickup and drop-off in Jackson Hole included
- Small-group tour limited to 10 ensures a personalized experience
Saved to wishlist!
What's Included
Professional guide
Hotel pickup and drop-off
Lunch
Gratuities
Park entrance fee ($12 USD)
Departure & Return
This activity will end right where it started.Please provide your hotel or vacation rental address and we will pick you up in the Jackson Hole, Wyoming area. If we cannot pick you up due to your lodging being too far away from the town of Jackson, we will provide a pickup point address for you in Jackson.
This operator has two meet-up options available. You can either meet at the departure point below or select a location for pick-up.
210 N Cache St , 210 N Cache St, Jackson, WY 83001, USA
Hmm...we can’t seem to find this place. Please check the spelling, or choose another location.
7:00 AM
After booking, the operator will contact you about pickup time.
Additional Info
- Confirmation will be received at time of booking, unless booked within 1 day of travel. In this case confirmation will be received as soon as possible, subject to availability
- Not wheelchair accessible
- Please wear sturdy walking shoes, a jacket and long pants
- Excludes Park Entry fee. The park entry fee is $12.00 per adult (16 and up), good for seven days and is transferable to both National Parks
- Children 4 years and under are excluded on this public tour.
- Service animals allowed
- Near public transportation
- Most travelers can participate
- This tour/activity will have a maximum of 10 travelers
- OPERATED BY Brushbuck Guide Services, Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour?
A:The policies on face masks and attendee health are:
See all safety measures taken by Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour.
- Face masks required for travelers in public areas
- Face masks required for guides in public areas
- Face masks provided for travelers
Q:
What is the policy on sanitization during Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour?
A:The policies on sanitization are:
See all safety measures taken by Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour.
- Hand sanitizer available to travelers and staff
- Regularly sanitized high-traffic areas
- Gear/equipment sanitized between use
- Transportation vehicles regularly sanitized
Q:
What measures are being taken to ensure staff health & safety during Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour?
A:The policies on staff health & safety are:
See all safety measures taken by Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour.
- Guides required to regularly wash hands
- Regular temperature checks for staff
Traveler Photos
See More
See More
Reviews
Compare Similar Experiences
Current
Grand Teton and Native American Petroglyph Tour
8 to 10 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$275.00
4 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$266.67
8 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$199.00
4 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$556.00
8 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$297.00
4 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$149.00
11 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$345.00
8 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$300.00
4 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$145.00
Explore Similar Things to Do
Bus ToursNature and WildlifeSafarisEco ToursFull-day ToursDay Trips & ExcursionsOutdoor ActivitiesTours & SightseeingJacksonBus Tours - WyomingNature and Wildlife - WyomingSafaris - WyomingEco Tours - WyomingFull-day Tours - WyomingCategoryUC Santa Barbara student organization Students Against Sexual Assault facilitated a town hall meeting between students and university panelists on Nov. 9 in the Student Resource Building.
The town hall meeting took place at the Student Resource Building. Nexus File Photo
The panelists fielded questions from around 20 attendees surrounding the Clery Act timely warning system and general frustration about a lack of university action to prevent sexual assault.
The panel was moderated by Marisela Márquez, the executive director of UCSB’s Associated Students, and hosted representatives from university administration, the UCSB Title IX Office, the Campus Advocacy Resources and Education Office, the Clery Act coordinator and the UC Police Department (UCPD).
Students Against Sexual Assault (SASA) co-chairs fourth-year biology major Manju Cheenath and second-year cell and developmental biology major Leila Loose, alongside fourth-year political science major and SASA nonprofit President Philippa Villalobos, gave a report on SASA’s recent work.
Villalobos informed attendees that SASA’s nonprofit board is continuing work on California Assembly Bill 524, also known as the Greek Accountability, Change, Transparency (A.C.T.) bill. The bill, which was originally introduced into the legislature over a year ago, will be returning for the upcoming cycle with the goal of holding fraternities and sororities accountable for sexual assault allegations.
If passed, the bill would require higher education fraternities and sororities to compile annual and “easily accessible” reports – made up of law enforcement and office of student life reports – to inform the campus community about fraternity and sorority misconduct.
The bill would also require fraternities and sororities to report information on membership, average GPA of the chapter, volunteer hours and the chapter’s standing with its university.
“Our hope with this would be that new students who are looking to join fraternities and sororities or go to events [at fraternity houses] who haven’t gotten timely warning emails or who don’t know the campus climate are able to easily see which locations have a trend of violence or perpetuate predators,” Villalobos said.
SASA is also looking to create an anonymous survey for students to report allegations of misconduct or sexual assault against members of Greek life and include the results in the annual Greek A.C.T reports, Villalobos added. The results of the survey would be differentiated from official allegations of misconduct.
Loose then shared SASA’s statement on UCSB’s timely warning emails. As mandated by the Clery Act, all universities must work with local police departments to report a variety of crimes — including sexual assaults — that occur on campus, campus-affiliated or campus-adjacent property in the form of “timely warning” emails.
According to Loose, students have been reaching out to SASA with a variety of issues around the nature of the emails, including their graphic, triggering language, the lack of trigger warnings and the lack of specific locations of the sexual assaults.
“Please note this message contains information that somebody finds upsetting,” she said. “Why did [the] email sent to UCSB students not give survivors this chance to click away?”
“We think it would be best if the emails include a trigger warning in the subject line and refrain from reiterating unnecessarily specific details of the assault encounter, in order to ensure survivors on campus are not negatively impacted by receiving these messages,” Loose said.
“We’ve had a lot of students asking us if we knew where the events happened, as that should be the reason we are getting these emails — to protect ourselves,” she continued. “This lack of clarity is making students more uncomfortable.”
On Oct. 4, UCSB issued two back-to-back timely warnings for instances of sexual assault: an Oct. 2 sexual assault that took place in campus housing and a Sept. 28 rape that was “at the house of a UCSB-recognized student organization,” according to the timely warning.
On Oct. 12, UCSB issued a third timely warning for aggravated sexual assault that occurred Oct. 9 at a “campus-affiliated property in Isla Vista.”
UCPD Lieutenant Dan Wilson later clarified that the recognized student organization from the Sept. 28 assault was a part of Greek life, but none of the timely warnings provided specific locations of the assaults or trigger warnings.
SASA requested that for future timely warnings — along with including trigger warnings in the headline and email body as well as fewer details of the assault — clearer locations be provided so “students can make more informed decisions about their activities.”
UCSB’s Clery Act Compliance Coordinator Jessica Fougere said that a variety of factors go into disclosing a crime’s location, including if the location would expose the identity of the survivor, if police or the university know the specific location of the crime or if a pattern of crime exists at the location.
“Another thing we consider is the broader picture,” Fougere said. “We are always trying to be mindful of the fact that, unfortunately, these incidents can happen anywhere. What we never want to do is send a timely warning where we do name a location and then people think, if ‘I just avoid one location, that will be okay.’”
UCPD representative Matt Bly said that he apologized on behalf of the department for the triggering nature of the timely warnings.
“I’d like to start off by saying first and foremost I apologize on behalf of UCPD for any triggering emotions or negative emotions that these points have caused,” Bly said.
“I take responsibility for that. UCPD takes responsibility for that. We’re sorry, we’re committed to improving and doing better than before and working with the community and listening to the community,” he continued.
Panelists then responded to questions about repercussions for groups or individuals — specifically fraternities — that have allegations of sexual assault or misconduct against them.
After allegations of sexual assault are reported, they go to the Title IX Office, according to Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Margaret Klawunn. She noted that anonymous complaints make it more difficult for the university to impose penalties on offending groups or persons.
“When there’s an anonymous complaint, it’s much harder to follow up. We don’t have an individual to follow up with, and many times we don’t have a name of a respondent to follow up with, and so that can make it hard to get to the point of being able to take specific action,” she said.
Klawunn said that a “serious allegation” against a university organization could first warrant an interim investigatory suspension and then, depending on the charges, suspension or dismissal of the organization.
During public comment, students voiced disappointment with the university’s process for prosecuting offenders and a lack of support for sexual assault survivors.
“I am so appalled by the lack of honesty and transparency on this campus,” fourth-year anthropology major Sarah Hamidi said. “And I’m not just talking about sexual assault. I’m talking about the lack of transparency and honesty in housing and the lack of transparency of just anything that’s going on on this campus.”
“I remember that first [SASA] panel in 2019,” Hamidi said. “We had a solution and that solution was the taskforce, and I said, ‘OK, maybe the taskforce will work.’ Here’s the problem: You invited the very same fraternities that are accused of committing sexual assault.”
Hamidi — who referenced 2019 allegations of sexual assault against members of the Sigma Pi fraternity which were discussed at a SASA town hall two years ago — said that the university should consider the abolition of UCSB’s Greek life organizations.
“I really want us to think about, do we really need Greek life and fraternities to thrive and succeed in life? And to be honest with you? I don’t think so,” she said.
Alana Ulloa, a third-year history major, echoed Hamidi’s sentiments of disillusionment and disappointment.
“I am very active in the sexual assault community because I am a survivor. I’m a multiple-time survivor. And being here at UCSB has changed my life for the worse,” she said.
“This happens every single year, every single year in the beginning of the year in October, there are multiple back-to-back sexual assaults, and we know where they’re coming from. We know where they’re coming from,” Ulloa continued, referencing her belief that the “off-campus properties” reported in the timely warnings were fraternity properties.
“I know you’ve all worked here for many years,” she told the panelists. “I’m pretty sure you’re just doing the same thing. Every single quarter, you’re saying the same words out of your ass, every single quarter. I understand that there’s so much bureaucracy and politics to go into this, but these are our lives.”
After public comment, SASA members discussed their actionable demands for the university, which included including content warnings for all timely warnings, ensuring Clery Act coordinators work with the Campus Advocacy, Resources & Education office to make sure the warnings will not be triggering and making reporting resources for survivors — including clarifying the nature of anonymous reports — more accessible.
“I wanted to say that I have listened very deeply and that even one report of sexual assault is more than I am comfortable having on our university. I care deeply about survivors and about sexual assault. We have listened very carefully tonight,” Klawunn said to attendees who had expressed frustration and anger with the university.
“I’m really sorry to hear the amount of pain that we’ve heard tonight from so many different people. I will be carrying that with me.”Lover is an unseen character in The Cat Lady. He is the unnamed, unrequited lover of Susan Ashworth who appears in Chapter 5 - "Some Flowers Never Bend Towards the Sun" as a seemingly kind and generous man that Susan takes to in order to cope with her stressful and abusive marriage.Tuna is a
Ingredients
Tuna, Broth, Shirasu, Vitamin E and Taurine
Guaranteed Analysis
Crude Protein (Min) 12%
Crude Fat (Min) 0.4%
Crude Fibre (Max) 1%
Moisture Content (Max) 85%
Instructions
Feeding Guidelines
- The amount fed can be adjusted according to your cat's activity level.
- Feed your cat by dividing all daily meals into 2 or more servings.
- Ensure fresh clean water is available at all times.Leawood,
Kansas
November 10, 2021
On November 10, 2021, an unknown female subject robbed the Wells Fargo Bank at 2000 W. 103rd St. in Leawood, Kansas. The subject approached the teller and produced a demand note. The suspect threatened a weapon, but none was shown. The suspect fled the bank with an undisclosed amount of currency in a grey or silver BMW sedan. There were no injuries.
Anyone with information is encouraged to call FBI Kansas City at 816-512-8200 or local law enforcement.
Field Office:
Kansas CityThe readers of this blog are no strangers to this strategy.
Some are actually trading it; others are not because the margin requirement is quite big at Rs. 14.50 lakhs.
This strategy is the enlarged version of Money In The Bank strategy.
Here we sell out of money PUTS for all the top 10 stocks ( By weight ) and hedge the trades by buying out of money NIFTY PUTS.
Stock puts are about 2-3% out of money and NIFTY put is 4% out of money.
Once set up, we do nothing but wait.
The series began on this blog from May 2020.
Took a break for some months in between due to no reason in particular but then decided to follow it through.
On Friday, the trades for October 2021 series were closed.
A profit of Rs. 58229 for the month.
Few days ago, the MTM profit was about Rs. 97000. The fall in TCS and HINDUNILVR brought it down.
What is done is done.
We move over to November series and review how the strategy has performed so far.
Review of 14 Months:
We go to the numbers straightaway.
The strategy has made a profit of Rs. 614796 in 14 months when the trades were set up.
There are 2 losing months out of 14.
We can say that profits are consistent.
I have mentioned earlier that the capital required is around Rs. 14.5 lakhs. We round off this to Rs. 1500000 for our calculations.
Profit over 14 months is 40.98%.
I will not call it spectacular but it is not bad either.
To have a fair assessment, we need the data for 24 months. So we keep going with this setup and see where that takes us.
For the present, the strategy is working just fine.
New readers will surely have more questions. Answers can be found in the post:
Thanks for reading.
Enjoy the Sunday holiday.
Ramana October 24, 2021 at 11:12 am
what are reasons to not to take trades in 4 months during the this periodReply pickup time depends on your hotel area. Pickup is from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM. Please check your email after booking for your exact pickup time. Hotel pick-up is free at hotels in Patong, Karon, Kata, Kamala, Nakalay and Kalim. Hotel pick-up and drop off from Phuket Town, Surin, Laguna, Nai Yang,. These transfer fees should be paid in cash to the driver during pick-up.Bell Island History
Bell Island is a Canadian island located off Newfoundland’s Avalon Peninsula in Conception Bay. Measuring 9 km in length and 3 km in width, it has an area of 34 km². The subsurface is composed of Ordovician sandstone and shale with red hematite. It was once the site of large iron ore mines.
Bell Island Iron Ore Mine History
Reports of iron ore on Bell Island go back to at least 1578, when a merchant from Bristol, England, reported finding iron deposits there. In 1628, members of Sir John Guy’s colony in Cupids sent iron samples from Bell Island to England for analysis. The colonists apparently thought the ore was valuable for they tried, unsuccessfully, to have the deposits added to their colony’s property grant.Guidelines for Finding the Best DWI Attorney
Anyone that has been involved in a dwi process in the past will tell you that it can be quite challenging to navigate this landscape effectively. Handling the process on your own makes it even harder for you to come to it effectively considering the fact that there are many different laws involved. It is therefore important that you find a reliable dwi lawyer harris county to work with to ensure that you have someone that can fight for you and protect your rights..
If an attorney does not specialise in defending dwi and DUI cases, they may not be right for your dwi case..
To guarantee that the attorney is qualified enough to handle dwi cases effectively, it is important that you do a background check on the attorney you are interested in working with. A lawyer cannot be licensed to practice as a dwi lawyer harris county if they do not meet specific requirements. However, there are some attorneys that choose to invest in additional education and training. A good dwi lawyer harris county should be fully qualified with advanced training in dwi science and law. The profile of the attorney available on their website it is sufficient enough for you to determine whether they are qualified to handle your case or not and you will know about Andreea Ionescu.
Since your relationship with a dwi attorney is going to be based on confidence, it will also play an influential part in the decision when hiring. If you do not trust the best best dwi lawyer houston, it becomes difficult for them to represent you successfully. It is therefore advisable that you find a different option if you cannot trust the best dwi lawyer houston with the fate of your case.
Supporting reference: check my referencePSA Authenticated Mark Hamill Autographed, Star Wars The Last Jedi 11x14 Picture/Poster. This will come with a PSA Authentication Certificate Card and matching sticker on the item. This means that PSA has inspected and authenticated the autograph as 100% authentic. The certificate can also be looked up on their online database. The item "Mark Hamill Signed Star Wars Last Jedi Autographed 11x14 Photo PSA JSA BAS COA" is in sale since Friday, February 9, 2018.
This item is in the category "Entertainment Memorabilia\Autographs-Original\Movies\Photographs". The seller is "thedealleader" and is located in N.With the addition of these products your garden will be in top shape.
Showing 1–12 of 38 results
‘ENVY’ Frost and Heat Protectant Concentrate 500ml for all plants. Makes up to 15 litres!$39.99 Read moreJoin Waitlist
75mm Black Plastic pots – Carton of 620$175.00 Add to cart
75mm Black Plastic pots – Pack of 100
$34.99Add to cart
75mm Black Plastic pots – Pack of 50$17.99 Add to cart
Aluminium Sulphate 2kg Blueing/Purpling element for hydrangeas.$29.88 Read moreJoin Waitlist
Black plastic Nursery Pots 50mm Diam Round x approx 75mm deep – Box 500 pots.
$29.95Read moreJoin Waitlist
Black pots 50mm Square x approx 75mm deep – Box 500
$29.95Read moreJoin Waitlist
Blood and Bone for fuchsias/hydrangeas etc 200g$5.88 Add to cart
Bloom booster flower activator$13.88 Add to cart
Bulb Boost Supercharge liquid fertiliser. (March-May only)$16.89 Read moreJoin Waitlist
Coco – Peat potting mix brick. Expandable coir.$6.88 Add to cart
Drought Shield/Stressguard, Plant protector (HEAT & FROST) spray 750ml.$19.99 Add to cartVoltas is India’s No.1 Air conditioning company. It is also one of the most reputed engineering solution providers specializing in project management. Voltas is recognized as one of India’s most iconic brand as per ET iconic brands 2020 of 28,833 sq mi (74,677 km ). The industrial city of
Rourkela, Kalinga Nagar, Jharsuguda Chandikhol (stone crusher, coke oven). ... inaugurates drinking water treatment plant tata voltas stone crusher 200 Read more Download pdf - Centre for Science and Environment
2020 New Type Crusher Official Pdf. Related products for Komatsu Mobile Crusher BR380JG1E0 Shop Manual PDF Komatsu Japan ALL Parts Catalog 2020 Parts catalog is an electronic database that includes detailed parts list and accessories information for Komatsu equipment intended for Japanese market. Quoted Price
Apr 20, 2013 Apr 20, 2013 Brown Lenox vibrating grizzly feeder 900 mm x 4000 mm approx. with electric drive …. BL Kue Ken Jaw Crushers. pdf (,4k) …. Mobile: +44 (0) 7802 352 867 …. More detailed
Powerscreen is the world's leading manufacturer of crushers, screeners, and conveyors for the aggregates, recycling, and mining industries
Apr 19, 2013 Apr 19, 2013
Dec 16, 2016 Dec 16, 2016. It has an annual turnover of ₹ 49350 crore (2012-13)
Download Free PDF. NLCII report. Shankar Mulagund. Download PDF. Download Full PDF Package. This paper. A short summary of this paper. 20 Full PDFs related to this paper. Read Paper
Rock crushing plant tons per hour nov 13 2016 250 tons per hour ballast crushing plant is a medium large scale line cost rock crusher price crusher coal crushing plant 100 ton hour india get details. ... voltas mobile crusher in india unit. pdf of voltas crusher plant in india manual among this is that the
Dec 02, 2012 SEQUENTIAL OPERATION OF OCHP Unloading the coal Crushing & storage. Conveying to boiler bunkers. Coal arrives to plant via road, rail, sea, and river or canal route from collieries. Most of it arrives by rail route only in railway wagons. Coal requirement by this plant is approximately 10,500 metric ton/day
May 21, 2013 May 21, 2013 jaw crusher manual pdf – pakistan crusher,stone crusher … Gulin provide the jaw crusher manual pdf solution case for you. … CS Series cone crusher spring cone crusher HPC cone crusher Mobile crusher VSI sand making machine
CV Projects Manager – Mechanical Engineering 10yrs in the field. • Google Sketchup Pro/ Google Earth • Map Source 5. … 12t fowler, jaw and HP 500 cone crushers, linmax 1000 screens: 12. Graduate piping engineer: 13Get matched to your dream job
Apply in 3 minutes and get matched to many positions.
No cover letter, No costs!
1
Submit your CV
Submit your CV to our Talent Pool in just 3 minutes. No cover letter needed!
2
Get matches
3
Attend interviews
Submit your preferences, attend the pre-selection interview and land your dream job
1
Submit your CV
Submit your CV to our Talent Pool in just 3 minutes. No cover letter needed!
2
Get matches
Get matches and recommendations from our clients and partner platforms
3
Attend interviews
Our focus
Engineers, Technicians and Specialists
Software development
Hardware development
Information technology
Industrial engineering
Electrical & Electronics
Robotics & Automation
Product & Growth
Ready to get your dream job?, Electrical & Electronics and many more.
Moyyn does not employ professionals directly, but connects them with partner companies. If the partner finds a fit, the candidates enter a direct recruitment process with the partner.
No, we do not take any fees from the candidates for applying to the platform. Moyyn is free of cost for candidates, forever.
Our mission
We are working towards bridging the skill gaps in companies by providing highly
skilled professionals faster and support them in all stages of recruitment
Pelumi longe
Fullstack engineer
The Best ‘Pacific Standard’ Stories of 2016
This year brought quite a bit of change at Pacific Standard. We moved to Medium, redesigned the magazine, and continued to expand our robust daily news coverage—all with a full-time editorial staff of only 12 people.
That’s takes a lot of effort, but it’s also an extremely gratifying process, the best reward being the work itself. From our look at the people behind a safe-injection facility in Canada, to the tragic story of the Australian serviceman who flew halfway around the world to die alone on the side of a mountain, to an enlightening interview with Ralph Nader, we’re pushing hard to bring you the most innovative and impactful ideas of the day.
What follows are our picks for the year’s best Pacific Standard stories. Curating this was somewhat of an exercise in futility: Between the magazine and the website, there’s way too much to fit on a 15-item list. So click around and explore the site too; I guarantee you’ll find something that piques your interest.
- “How Can We Treat the Seriously Mentally Ill Before Tragedy Occurs, Instead of After?,” by Jeneen Interlandi
Like many people with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia, Thorpe suffered from anasognosia: the inability to grasp the true nature or extent of his own illness.
“These guys have an incredible responsibility, and we as citizens need to remind them of that responsibility.”
“The fact of the matter is, women are twice punished. We are punished once for being women, and then again for not being able to work because we were women.”
“Being a ‘man of action,’ McKay would try to move through his depression. He would not stop until he was out of the manic mood or otherwise incapacitated.”
By the 19th century, the search for the Northwest Passage had become an obsession in Britain. Expeditions ventured out for years at a time, and the survivors returned with horror stories of scurvy and starvation, madness and death.
- “An Election Season Conversation With Ralph Nader, the Nation’s No. 1 Public-Interest Crusader,” by Lydia DePillis
Justice means confronting power. It means getting controversial.
- “In New York City, What’s the Difference Between a $240 Sushi Roll and a $6.95 Sushi Roll?,” by Greg Rosalsky
I began to think the restaurant was less a symbol of sushi egalitarianism and more a symbol of a neighborhood in the midst of demographic change.
Like the Kotex sanitary napkin before it, the tampon took off because it made working women’s lives easier.
“This is the best, most beautiful sign in all of Miskolc! We will win by a landslide with just this sign alone!”
You have turned over all your decision-making, even on the smallest level, to a set of professionals with an established protocol. That’s the deal: You do what they say, they save your life.
“They made me feel like a person, and that I was cared for even though I was lost.”
“This is the nexus of climate, humans, and geology, and it is all happening right here.”
“They’re treating us like we’re at war, like we’re in Iraq right now. We’re in the United States of America. We’re in Indian country. And it’s not right.”
If the shipping industry were a country, it would be the sixth-largest emitter of carbon dioxide in the world.
Month after month, sitting on an army camp stool in Iraq, he came to realize that the question was no longer whether he would transition, but how.Toggle navigation
Smithsonian Institution
Smithsonian Online Virtual Archives
Search
Search
About
Tutorial
Overview
Contents
Summary
Abstract
Scope and Contents Note
Administration
Using the Collection
Original Classification Scheme
Keywords
Repository Contact
Print PDF Finding Aid
Show EAD
John Hiller lantern slide collection, circa 1915-1930
Search Within
Search
Digital Only
Summary
Greece--Spatza
Collection ID:
AAG.HIL
Creators:
Hiller, John
Dates:
circa 1910-1930
Languages:
.
Physical Description:
0.75 Cubic feet
216 lantern slides:
color autochromes;
3.25 x 4 inches.
Repository:
Archives of American Gardens
The John Hiller Lantern Slide Collection contains 216 glass autochromes dated circa 1910-1930 documenting homes and gardens, house interiors, scenes from domestic and foreign travel, flower arrangements, and people in Europe and unidentified locations.
Scope and Contents Note
Scope and Contents Note
The John Hiller Collection contains 216 glass autochromes dated c. 1910-1930. The images cover a wide array of subjects and regions, with many of them showing landscapes and travel destinations. Some show house interiors, flower arrangements, or casual groups of people. Several of the autochromes show historic towns and ruins in Greece and Switzerland along with some in Croatia, Italy, Bulgaria and Austria. Scattered amongst these are slides of various unidentified sites and gardens. It is not known if any of the unidentified images show sites in the United States.
The photographer(s) of these images is unknown. The uniformity of the type of tape used to seal each of the autochromes suggests that the images may be the work of one photographer or photo studio rather than a collection compiled by an individual from multiple sources, but this is speculative at best.
Administration
Immediate Source of Acquisition Note
John Hiller, an employee in the Smithsonian's Office of Exhibits Central, donated the collection to the Archives of American Gardens in 2005. The collection had been on deposit in the Archives for a few years prior to it being formally donated.
Custodial History note
John Hiller, an employee in the Smithsonian's Office of Exhibits Central, acquired the collection from John Wellemeyer sometime in the 1990s. According to Hiller, Wellemeyer was involved with filmmaking and purchased the box of autochromes at a yard sale, possibly in Alexandria, Virginia., John Hiller lantern slide collection.
Physical Characteristics and Technical Requirements
While most of the lantern slides are autochromes, there is a possibility that some are dioptichromes.
Original Classification Scheme
Original Classification Scheme
The autochromes in the John Hiller Collection were originally housed in a wooden box divided into ten sections. A sheet of typewritten numbered image captions was pasted to the inside of the hinged box lid. Many of the autochromes bear a hand-written alpha-numeric code on their border (e.g. A-17, D-11, etc.) that is keyed to a specific caption. A few images have a small sticker with a hand-written number affixed to them. The sheet of image captions lists four broad subject categories at the top: House & Garden, Copies, Experimental, and Portraits. Below these are listed individual captions for (87) European sites. While the subject categories are written in English, some of the captions feature foreign words (Suisse for Switzerland, Wien for Vienna, etc.)
The autochromes were found in no discernible order and did not follow the order of the numbered captions.
Keywords
Keywords table of terms and types.
Keyword Terms
Keyword Types
Flower arrangement
Topical
Search Smithsonian Collections
Search ArchiveGrid
Gardens -- Europe
Topical
Search Smithsonian Collections
Search ArchiveGrid
Lantern slides
Genre Form
Search Smithsonian Collections
Search ArchiveGrid
Repository Contact
Archives of American Gardens
P.O. Box 37012
Capital Gallery West, Suite 3300, MRC 506
Washington, DC 20013-7012
aag@si.eduLocal Products
We offer you Connecticut grown or made products. If we need to look outside Connecticut we bring you the best, nearest product available. We proudly offer you the following products made in the U.S.A.
Strawberries & Blueberries : Dzen’s Farms, Ellington, CT
Tree Fruit: Belltown Hill Orchards, South Glastonbury, CT
Italian, Sicilian & Portuguese Rolls – San Remo Bakery, Berlin, CT
Infused extra virgin olive oils and balsamic vinegar- Ariston, Bloomfield, CT
Milk and Eggs – Farmer’s Cow
Assorted Greek Yougurt – Hastings Farm, Simsbury, CT
Fresh Mozzarella – Liuzzi Cheese, North Haven, CT
Cheese and Spreads – Eleanor’s Green Mountain Cheese – Middletown, CT
Honey – Hilltop Apiaries – Simsbury, CT
Ice Cream – Gifford, ME
Tortilla Chips (Many Varieties) – Severance Foods – Hartford, CT
Assorted Fruit & Whipped Cream Pie – Granny’s Pie, East Hartford, CT
Jarred Condiments and Jams – McCutcheon’s Apple Products, Historic Fredericksburg, MD
Jam – Side Hill Farm, Brattleboro, VT
Amish Iron Work – Lancaster, PA
Amish Carts/Wheels – Lancaster, PA
Birdhouses and Bird Baths – Lancaster, PA
Hong Kong Book Fair 2021: “Reading the World • Inspiring the Mind and Refreshing the Soul”
14 July 2021
Adopting “Inspirational and Motivational Reading” as the Theme of the Year with the tagline “Reading the World • Inspiring the Mind and Refreshing the Soul”, this year’s Book Fair introduces some of the best inspirational authors and books of this genre to readers, aiming to bring Hong Kong citizens together and encourage them to seek out motivational books that can empower them to face the challenges ahead, and to emerge stronger after the pandemic. See you at the Book Fair on the 14th of July!
industry
keyword
related linksChateau Rauzan-Gassies is a Classified 2nd Growth produced in the Margaux appellation. The vineyard's soil is composed of gravel, which is typical of Margaux. Chateau Rauzan-Gassies 2016 is a blend of 78% Cabernet Sauvignon and 22% Merlot. The wine is matured in barrels, half of them are new.
The 2016 vintage is characterized by extreme weather conditions. Winter was followed by an extremely wet spring. The cool spring gave way to a warm and dry summer. Water retention was avoided, thanks to the quality of the terroir. Harvest began on September 29th and lasted until October 18th.
Chateau Rauzan-Gassies 2016 combines power and delicacy, with very ripe tannins. An incomparable balance between acidity and alcohol. A wine very similar to the 2005 vintage.
The 2016 Rauzan-Gassies has a relatively light, slightly herbaceous bouquet that does not quite deliver the exuberance of its fellow Margaux, although it is not underripe. The palate is medium-bodied with slightly chewy tannin on the entry, those typical traits of damp undergrowth and a touch of greenness that leads to a balanced finish that just lacks the fruit intensity of others.Whether you’re looking for a solution to a pet problem or you just want to see some of the most highly recommended products in the industry, you’re in the right place.
My aim is to find quality products which are great value for money. I provide unbiased reviews so you don’t have to look far to find great products at a reasonable price.Description from extension meta
Take screenshots of Facebook comment threads, with automatic stitching, anonymization and more.
Image from store
Description from store Take screenshots of Facebook comment threads, with automatic vertical stitching and hiding of unnecessary text fields. Preserve user privacy using the anonymization feature, which applies a color pattern to each person in a conversation. Simply save to a PNG file on disk, upload wherever you like. No watermarks. No tracking. And definitely no ads. Enjoy. (Extension is not affiliated with Facebook in any way.) RELEASE NOTES v1.3 (2019-10-04) - Updated CSS selectors. This should fix a *lot* of issues. v1.2 (2018-11-11) - Fixed issue where screen shots were incorrectly cropped while under high CPU load.
Latest reviews
- (2021-06-24) Isaac King: Doesn't work.
- (2021-05-09) André Moura Santos: Does not work on my computer, simply the camera icon on the photos of the extension does not appear to me :/
- (2019-02-12) Rene Jeddore: Captured a long thread with this and every few inches had a bar with the following across the thread: ications Insights Publishing To... Ad Center This is on a Facebook Page (which I am an admin of) thread capture.
- (2018-11-12) Jesper Norberg: Excellent for documentation of threads
- (2018-06-26) Erik Stenhammar: Brilliant!
- (2018-04-23) Andreas Bäckström: Grymt bra
Latest issues
- (2020-08-22, v:1.3) Francisca Garcia: Camera not showing up
Hello, are you still maintaining the extension, the camera icon is not showing up below the three dots for me...
- (2019-10-29, v:1.3) Anoir Ben Tanfous: Found a bug in anonymizer
Hi Didrik, First of all thanks for this great extension... While I was trying it to save some anonymized screenshot from my history, I found that when someone is blocked by or vice versa then their name still appear in the screenshot... I guess this a selector issue and that can be fixed easily.
- (2019-03-31, v:1.2) Rasmus Underbjerg Pinnerup: How to use?
It's not clear to me how to use this extension. I find a status that I would like to screenshot and click the camera icon below the top-right three dots. Then a blue button with an arrow and the text "screenshot top" appears above the status, but then nothing else happens. It's unclear how to proceed from there. Ideally there should be an option to insert a "screenshot bottom" somewhere, but it's not apparent how this is done? I've tried clicking seemingly everywhere, but nothing happens.EUROPE - Duet Private Equity has achieved a second close on its European Real Estate Debt fund by raising capital from both the private and public markets.
The company has raised £50m (€57.6m) by listing a new entity, Duet Real Estate Finance, on the London Stock Exchange, while attracting a further £25m through direct commitments to the fund from European institutional investors.
Duet Real Estate Finance is the only UK-listed company focused primarily on investing in mezzanine debt for European commercial real estate.
Duet is seeking to generate returns by providing mezzanine finance to existing property owners, thereby capitalising on the current gap in the European lending markets.
Significant falls in asset values, increased capital requirements and the overall need to reduce balance-sheet size are forcing banks to reduce their real estate exposure.
There is currently a significant supply/demand imbalance for real estate debt, and the Duet fund has already provided close to £60m of debt capital through five separate transactions.
This includes providing mezzanine financing for 17 Columbus Courtyard in London, alongside Partners Group.
Dale Lattanzio, managing director at Duet Private Equity, said: "There are many opportunities to be uncovered in the European commercial real estate debt market - knowing where to look and executing them is the key. We're looking forward to investing the enlarged assets of the fund.
"A number of investors continue to show interest in the strategy, and we intend to work with these investors with a view to increasing the overall size of the fund."A few weeks ago, I mentioned to a friend that I had just finished a video interview with NJ’s Health Commissioner for our Women’s Empowerment Series and our podcast. “Oh, Judith Persichilli?” she said. Clearly, she was very excited. It was like I interviewed a rock star, which maybe I had.
I was surprised. “How do you know her name?”
“I’ve been watching her. I love her. She’s so smart!”
And that she is.
Judith Persichilli has been managing the state’s medical response to Covid. Unlike many health commissioners in the country, she’s a nurse – the first nurse to hold the position in NJ. And while she spent much of her career in hospital administration, she started in the ICU. So this government official has a unique professional history to manage this critical disease.
I asked her if being a nurse has helped during the crisis. She talked about the education nurses receive, how they take many of the same science classes physicians take. She said nurses are trained to bring science to the bedside and to the community. “That makes all the difference,” she said.
I’ve watched Comm. Persichilli at most of the Governor’s daily press briefings, but I didn’t know much about her until I was on another video interview with AtlantiCare’s CEO Lori Herndon and Inspira’s CEO Amy Mansue. (This was also for the Women’s Empowerment Series.) They talked about the Commissioner and became quite passionate when they noted that most people had no idea a nurse was doing so much to help the state. Her department, they said, communicated openly and frequently with all New Jersey hospitals to be sure they had what they needed.
“She pushed us to do things that, candidly, I’m not sure any of us thought we could do: double our ICUs, double med-surg capacity, train people in 6 weeks on new techniques. She deserves a lot of credit for the fact that we’re still standing and we’re moving forward,” Amy told me.
“I’m proud of her,” Lori said. Amy agreed, “I am too.”
My interview with the Commissioner was a day after she returned from a self-imposed quarantine. One of her staff members had tested positive, so she followed guidelines and stayed home. She wore her mask during our video interview, and I was surprised how I was still able to see warmth and kindness even with half of her face covered. Not many people can do that.
I’ve always thought what makes a leader exceptional is when they can combine competence with compassion. You don’t see it often, and I happen to think when you do see it, the leader is usually a woman. Not always, but often. With Comm. Persichilli, her knowledge was apparent throughout the interview, but her empathy became especially clear at the end of our talk, when I asked what she would say to people who don’t wear masks.
She started speaking just as she had been, “Help yourself. It’s protecting yourself and your loved ones. Right now, our biggest increase in cases is in younger individuals 18 – 40.”
And then she slowed down, and her voice became filled with emotion. “Our largest number of deaths are those in their 70s and 80s. So younger people must be infecting and transmitting this virus to older individuals. Their aunts, their uncles, their grandparents, maybe their own parents.” She paused. And began to speak even slower. I knew she was feeling every word of what she said next.
“Those individuals are dying. Wake up. Wake up and wear your mask.”
I hope a change that comes out of 2020 is we begin to notice what words matter most and what actions have the greatest impact. Then we’ll understand who our rock stars really are.
To see all the rock star videos from the Women’s Empowerment Series, visit sjmagazine.net. You can hear the “South Jersey Girls” podcast anywhere you get your podcasts.Tennis rackets are something very special to the sport. People love to see and enjoy tennis, but only a few of them dare to play tennis professionally. To play tennis in a professional way, all you need is a good accessory.
Here in this article, we have mentioned some of the best tennis rackets for beginners that will help you to get better at the game:
Best Tennis Racket for Beginners
- Teloon Adult Recreational Tennis racket
- WILSON Adult Recreational Tennis rackets
- WOED BATENS Adult 2 Player Tennis racket Perfect for Beginner
- OPPUM 27″ Pro Tennis rackets -2PCS, for Adult Women and Men Student
- HIRALIY Adult Recreational Tennis rackets for Adults 2 Pack,27 inch Tennis rackets for Adults Beginners
- MAIBOLE Junior Tennisracket Recreational Tennis racket Pre-Strung Head Light Balance
- OPPUM Adult Carbon Fiber Tennis racket, Super Lightweight Tennis rackets
- HEAD Ti. Reward tennis racket – Pre-Strung Light Balance
- WOED Adult Tennis racket Perfect for Beginner
- Senston Tennis racket-27 inch 2 Players Tennis racket
Teloon Adult Recreational Tennis racket
The first item on the list is the Teloon Adult Recreational Tennis racket. This tennis racket is one of the best-selling rackets on Amazon.
As the company mentions, this racket is basically made for beginners. You can always trust the racket to provide good swing and force, which will help a beginner to adapt to the game.
The after-sales services of the racket company are extraordinary, and you can trust the quality of their accessories. The head size is medium (102 inch2).
The main handle is made up of wood with a brilliant cover providing a good grip. This tennis racket comes in 10 different colors, which gives you an option to select from a range of items.
These rackets are made from synthetic strings, which can bear a pressure of more than 50 lbs. Moreover, if you talk of the stroke force, this racket will provide you with an average swing, but the force generation is not what we expect from a professional racket.
If you are a beginner and are looking for an average tennis racket under a reasonable range, then we can suggest this racket for you. On the other hand, if you are going for professional training, then there are better options in the market.
WILSON Adult Recreational Tennis rackets
The special WILSON Adult Recreational Tennis rackets are all you need if you want a robust frame. In 1999 this tennis racket was named the most influential tennis accessory in the world.
The frame of this racket is very strong, and it is the most durable one mentioned in the article. It provides an ideal combination of swing, power, and control.
The reaction to the ball via this tennis racket is very awe-inspiring. It reflects the ball with great force, which is just perfect for pushing the ball in the court. The best part about the racket is its easy-grip which provides most people a comfortable strike.
Talking of the head, it is a vast giant-sized head that can help a beginner to get the maximum coverage area one requires to hit a ball. The exceptional head-heavy balance increases the stability of the player while playing.
The lighter frames provide good momentum, and the racket Swing provided with the synthetic strings is fantastic. There is an open string pattern present in the racket, which provides a funky look.
The price range is also good, and you can always rely on the supreme quality of the tennis racket.
Read our review of the best tennis rackets for flat hitters.
WOED BATENS Adult 2 Player Tennis racket Perfect for Beginner
The main attraction of this racket is its strong string. The High tension string provided with this tennis racket has massive force absorption capabilities. As beginner players always find high-speed explosive attacks challenging to handle but this tennis racket can help you out to neutralize the force and deal with the short very easily.
The integrated structure of this racket provides the mainframe with the durability one desires. The unique integrated frame makes it vibration proof which helps in providing better direction and force to the ball.
There is an exceptional shock absorber attached with the strings that absorb the critical forces from the ball and doesn’t transmit it to the player’s hand, making the delivery better.
The comfortable oversized grip provides a solid grip for the player, and this helps in generating better forces to smash a tennis ball. After using the grip for a more extended period of time, you always get an option to replace the grip easily.
The specially designed tennis racket head covers up the maximum area where the ball can be hit from. After sales service of this racket is pretty impressive, and you can trust the company with the accessory.
OPPUM 27″ Pro Tennis rackets -2PCS, for Adult Women and Men Student
As the name suggests, the company manufactures these Tennis rackets, especially for students. The one-piece molded technology is fantastic to get a good grip in generating massive force to hit the ball.
The groundstroke plane with this women’s tennis racket is pretty amazing to witness. These rackets come in a set at a very reasonable price. This product has high durability and even greater intensity hitting.
It comes with an Aluminum carbon rim that is very durable and, on the other hand, it is resistant to force. The vibration absorber is very significant, and you can trust the grip to give a sharp swing.
Shock absorption is also excellent, and there is little chance of losing the racket out of the grip. The Head Size is 105 sq. in, and this provides a great coverage area.
Not only is the tennis racket very durable, but it is also light in weight which helps in easy transportation of the tennis racket from one spot to another. The best thing about this racket is the fact that it is not expensive at all, which is excellent for beginners.
Read our review of the best tennis rackets for tennis elbow
HIRALIY Adult Recreational Tennis rackets for Adults 2 Pack,27 inch Tennis rackets for Adults Beginners– Best Lightweight Tennis Racket for Beginners
The frame of this racket is made up of aluminum which actually provides people a lookout for a while selecting a tennis racket. It is a 27-inch tennis racket that is perfect for adult beginners, but we won’t suggest it for kids. It is lightweight and highly durable, which is a rare combination to find.
In addition, you get a unique carry bag that can help you with easy transportation of these rackets, and it will also protect the sensitive strings from getting damaged. Being lightweight, it is easier to swing the racket at a higher speed to get better acceleration.
The vast head size of 105 creates a better spot for hitting the ball very heavily. The thick Aluminum is good with absorbing force, and the two over grips can provide you with an excellent stagnant hold.
There is a T joint when we talk of the racket’s design which makes it very strong to absorb the force and carry the ball back to the other court. If you are a beginner and are searching for an average-sized tennis racket, then this is not a bad option.
MAIBOLE Junior Tennisracket Recreational Tennis racket Pre-Strung Head Light Balance
It is a pre-strung tennis racket, and you won’t be requiring a unique adaptation to your tennis racket to get the best force generation while you swing it. The balancing, on the other hand, is very significant, providing additional benefits to the player.
It is a carbon aluminum integrated tennis racket that automatically tells about the durability and the long-lasting quality of the material. This big head size of 80-94 sq inch is pretty amazing to get the perfect swing. The Grip size is 4″, which is moreover a common one seen out there.
The overall weight of the tennis racket mentioned here is just 210-260g which is actually something exciting. It makes the transportation very easy and quick. On the other hand, it’s easy to hold and has a specially designed body.
There is a one-piece design with an indoor training set available out there with the tennis racket. It is kid-friendly and can quickly help your children to get better with the sport.
Moreover, if you are looking for a tennis racket for an adult beginner, then this is not the best racket we will suggest. This is the junior version and is basically for kids. On the other hand, you can also get an adult version of this racket.
Read our review article on the best tennis rackets available for senior players.
OPPUM Adult Carbon Fiber Tennis racket, Super Lightweight Tennis rackets
One of the unique features of this tennis racket is the fact that it comes with a wooden handle that is great with double shock absorption. The tennis racket is moreover a triangular structure that provides long-lasting durability to the device.
The combination of this unique handle with the triangular face extends the durability and helps to absorb the extra force. It can also double filter the bad vibrations, and the racket angle makes it move more freely.
You also get independent hole positions with unique double-hole technology that helps you to adapt better to the swinging forces. The beautiful appearance of this racket, along with the stylish looking rim, provides an excellent elastic effect to rebound the ball.
Carbon fiber mixed with aluminum metal makes it even more durable with the wooden handle. The highly durable mesh belt strengthens the tennis racket. You also get special baggage where you can pack your tennis racket and keep it safe.
The Tennis racket weighs Just 0.61lb. However, the wooden handle is not something a professional would want, but it’s suitable for a beginner. It also provides something fashionable to the person regarding the sport.
HEAD Ti. Reward tennis racket – Pre-Strung Light Balance
This is also something exceptional and a very famous product out there in the market. The performance is very significant, and when this head is used to push off the ball to the next court, it generates a tremendous stroke force.
Aesthetically the equipment is perfect, and it looks moreover a modern device to have. It is an ideal choice for people who are looking for a broad head and good angulation.
You get a particular lightweight advantage over this racket, and this can help you to reduce the vibration and increase stability. With minimal vibrations on your grip, the striking force becomes better.
When there is a durable Nano titanium technology present with the device, with such heavy and durable metal, you get an ideal grip. Net style is very new and modern, but it is not what a beginner would admire. If you are a beginner and want some challenges while you play tennis, then this is a great option to go for.
The t-shaped attachment of the head to the grip makes it very strong so as to retain the swinging force. Customer review over this product has been great so that you can trust the product.
WOED Adult Tennis racket Perfect for Beginner
The integrated structure and the round main head give this tennis racket a completely different outlook. The structure dampens off the vibration, and you can always trust the most robust grip it provides.
The tennis racket with its mainframe is shockproof while receiving Tennis balls, and you can get better directions and control over your shots with the product.
The comfortable over grip provided with the Tennis racket is actually very firm, and along with the unique handle, you get a suitable attachment with the main head. The over grip has a base grip with a highly elastic layer over it.
The elastic layer makes it look shiny, and the base grip gives a stronghold. The head is designed in such a way that both professionals and beginners can play with it.
Suppose you are not satisfied with the product that the company offers you, free return and exchange services. You also can get 24 hours customer care service and a certification of authenticity.
On the ending note, we will always recommend this tennis racket for an adult beginner. The massive head of this tennis racket might not be the best option for a kid beginner.
Senston Tennis racket-27 inch 2 Players Tennis racket
The average weight of this tennis racket is 260-280g which is actually something to look out for. If you’re a beginner, then carrying Tennis rackets in two places can be very hectic, and the best option out there would be to select a lightweight tennis racket.
It is a 27-inch racket and comes within a set. The best part about this racket is the fact that it is suitable for adults, teenagers, and even grown men. With the introduction of the unique one-piece molded technology, there is always a chance of getting a better vibration absorption.
The Design looks pretty good, but it could have been better with additional support to the net. The net Design is regular, and the synthetic strings are used.
Shock absorption is good with a lightweight body. You can also have excellent sufficient stroke control with the tennis racket. The two high-grade Tennis rackets with excellent power grips are a fantastic combination.
You also get a number of options with designs and colors and moreover this is a good product for adults and kids.
What to Look For When Buying Best Tennis Racket for Beginners?
When one talks of tennis rackets for beginners, there must be many points to be considered. If you try to pick the best tennis racket from the market, then things can get very tricky. If you don’t have an idea about tennis rackets, then there is a high possibility you will end up buying the inferior product.
To help you out, we have mentioned a buyer’s guide that can help you with buying the best according to your choice. These points will help you to pick up the best fit for you.
Type of tennis racket
There are a number of types of tennis rackets available in the market, out of which they could be categorized into three main categories.
- The power rackets
- The control racket
- Tweener rackets
The power rackets are very special rackets that can help a player to get real power while playing tennis. There is a significant beginner problem seen while selecting the power rackets.
Beginners often don’t understand the power by which they should hit a ball with these rackets to get the best results. Hence you must lookout for a power racket that generates limited power according to your use.
The control racket gives you excellent control over your stroke and if you are someone who is looking to get better in the game. Probably this is the best type of racket a beginner should use. If you get reasonable control of your game, you can go for other tennis rackets easily.
The third one or the tweener tennis racket is somewhat in between both of these rackets, and it is often used for general practice uses.
Head size
Head size is something significant to be considered while selecting a tennis racket. The manufacturers of tennis rackets basically manufacture rackets according to different head sizes. These head sizes are customized according to gender, age, and size.
If you are a beginner, then always try holding the tennis racket in your hand and swing it to get an idea about the best head size that suits you.
On the other hand, you must consider the transportation of the tennis racket an essential factor. Oversized head-size tennis rackets are very hard to carry to different places.
Grip
The grip of the tennis racket is also something to be considered before you select a racket for use. You never want to get a lousy grip on your tennis racket.
If you get a terrible grip while playing, there are high chances that your tennis racket slips from your hand, and in this case, you won’t be able to generate the power required in the stroke.
Wire strength
Basically, there are two types of wires or strings used in tennis rackets. There could be natural or synthetic strings used in tennis rackets. Synthetic strings are always preferred, and natural ones are not that great and famous these days.
The synthetic strings are very durable and can sustain a vast amount of pressure. It is a good option for beginners.
Natural wires are not that good with durability, and they are made from cows’ intestines, which could be offensive to a few people, and synthetic is always a better option.
Frame
The frame and its durability depend on the material by which the frame is made. You never expect a plastic frame to play professional tennis; hence you must choose a durable and robust frame.
Many beginners get attracted to funky-looking frames and end up selecting bad frames. But we will suggest getting a frame that will last long.
Conclusion
If you are a beginner, then always look for your comfort in any sporting equipment. The other things to look out for would be the group and the head size of the racket.
The OPPUM 27″ Pro Tennis rackets -2PCS, for Adult Women and Men Students is a perfect tennis racket for beginners. However, all the Tennis rackets mentioned in the article are great, but if you talk of the best, the OPPUM 27″ takes the lead.Erie observer. (Erie, Pa.) 1830-1853, June 05, 1847, Image 1
VOLU IME XVIII. PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY BY A. P. BU 'OLIN & B. P. SLOAN, . STATE S BEET, ERIE, PA. • 0E it M s . One?copy, one year, in 'advance, • 81 50 Otherwise, two dollars a year will invariably be charged. These terms will be strictly adhered to in all cases. Advertisements i iscrted kt 30 centsver square or this first' insertfpn, and cents for each sub sequent insertion. Job Printing,. oil all varieties. such as Books Pamphlets, - Handbolo,Show 'Bills, C,rtrils,Steam boat Bills, Blanks r- NetesAjteceip\ s. er:re and on'short notice.' JAC4SON. , 9, Wm:cries, Ilaidware, Iron, Nails Skc. No. 121, '. MILLAR, irveyor; office in Explttinge Erie. JOHNSON,' Y AT LAW-, ' e to the Public Boildino near the Court Fiouse, tip s•airs. in the loom occupied by the iSheriff and directly over the CommiEsioner's Office. • Prompt attentioni WO,l be given to nll busincus en trusted to his care. 51)• E. N.: B r, T y lac CO. F STORAGE, ,FORWA ' RD ' ING AND PRO- DUCE COMISSION MERCHANTS, ANP Dealer 3 i Lehigh. and Erie Coal. salt and Produc generaliyi Particular attcn tion paid to the sale of Produce and puichaie of (%li.rOandize. l• - N 0.3 & 4 Cobutn Square, South 'Wharf. •E. N. HULBERT, U. MCC'S. ' iiaffalo, N.Y. 49 BENJAMIN GRANT, Attorney and Connsellor ni Law ; (glee No. 2 State st.,oppoite the Pn‘rle Hotel. Prie. Pa. GRAHAM & THOMPSON, Attorneys & COuhsellors at Law, ()glee on French street, over S J'acksonr.S• Co's.iStore; Erie. April 24, 1841%. . 49. Itia. L. ELLIOTT, SURGEON DENTIST. IlrspP.rnninuntl) located ill' Wire at Id. residentm on Om conrner of S. youth and Peach Strceiq. . *9 • - I. ROSENZWEIG R.r.. Co. ,Dealers in Foreirin and Vornestic Pry Goods Beady. Made Clothimr, 800 s and Slini T , le (a., 'No. 1, Flemming Block, State Street Eric, Pa, ' • JAMES C. MARSHALL, Attorney al Law•. (Mice lip +nail Fin the Tams all building, nook at the Prothonotan's °Hick GALBRAITIIS Z.:, LANE, ttimneys and.' CottVellot s at IMP Olt Si h street, weat'side the Public Fttua re , 'Erie, Pa. W W v t t vr G. LOOMIS Sr, CO Dealers in Watches, Jewelry, Silver.. Germa n Sil ver, Plated uhd Briounnia Ware, Cutlet-3., :NMI itary and Fancy Goods, No s . 7.l\ccd I Eri Pa. ."1 WILLIAAIS 8:: %id -RIGHT. Wholesale and iteia it Dealers in I i, y Goods, I F ferias. , Hardware, Croehery, Glas:u are, lion Nails, Leacher; Oils, etc.. tie. ei.riieti of Sint , !meet and the Public Spin, opposile•the Ea Tavern, Erie, Pa. RIBLET.• Cabinet :41alier, Upholster and Undertaker Slate Ptrre , , Erie Po S. DICKINSON, D. 'll Physician and Surgeon, oillec on Seventh qree "we•L oldie Nictiriu Phu.. h. Erin. NVALKERAL, COOK, ' C;cneral Forwardinf:, Cowmirsion, and Pibilnce Nlerchants; Red Ware I Liam:, cast of the Pith ,lic Midze, Erie. . JOSEPH KELSEY, • Manufacturers of Tin, Copper and Sheet-lon ware corner of Prcncli rind s v trects, Erie. LESTER, SENNETT Br. CIIES'PER,: Iron Foiindcra, whole.lalu and retail dealt•re in Stover). HolInn•-ware FiCt or,ot. Erie. Pp JOHN H. BURTON ik CO. Wholesdile and retaitdeater. in I)rii;:s, licin , Dye.Siuffs, Groceries, Ei.c. N 0.5, Reed H (Alec Erie, pa. C. N. THIBALS, in Dry Goods; Groceries; ..c•c. No. I ide, Die Pa. Dealer I'llS'a GOODWIN & VINCENT. , Dealers in Dry Goods, Groceries, &c., No, 1, Bonn II Bluer:, State st.,Erie, Pa ' CARTER g.T. BROTIIE Dealers in 0111"11 Painls, Oils, Dye, muffs Glass, B:e., No. 6 Reed Honee, Elie- Pa. I - • B. TOINILINSO'N tr. Forwarding and Commission Merchants; 109 French Street, Erie, and at 6th Street Cann) , Ba son, also dealers in Groceries and Provisions. • HENRY CAMELIA., Dealer in Hardware, Dry Goods, arni•crics, Se. east side of the Diamond, and one door east of the Eagle Hotel, Eric, Pa. , EAGLE minus, By Hiram L. Brown, earner of State street and the Public square, Erie, Pa. Eusttrn, Western, and Southern Stage ante. LYTIIE Fashionable Merchant Tailors, op the Pithlic Square, a few doors west of stat;o etreet, Erie, ------ ! ' . JOEL JOHN S ON. Peider in- Theological, Mi.cellancons, Sunday and Classical School Book; Stationary, etc. etc. No. 111, French Street, I:4143 ; Pa. P. A. R. BRACE, Attorney andCounsellor at law, Prairie du Chien, 'W. T. practices in thecountieS of Crawford. Grant and lowa, W. T. and in Clayton county, lowa Terriibry. PRESLEY ARBUCKLE, Dealer in Dry Goode, Groceries, Grob!tory, Hard ware, eta., No. 3, Perry Block, State atm t Erie, Pa. VATANTED in dehaneri foi Goods,Nool, Rin i,' ter, Cheese, and all kinds of Country Prod. dee. H. CADVV ELL. Juno 6,• 1946. ARDWARE.—SheII Hardware and tioure 11 TrimMinge can always be hal very chealp at the, cheap store of S. JAC ' 4 ON, 4. Co. Novemb • r 21. 1946. 27 DYE STUFFS . Lokwood, • Indigo, • Fatie, 4 Cochineal, Camwood, 1 . Annum). Niewoorl, . Cream Tartar, Brazil Wood, 1 Red Tartar. Red Sanders, ' 131 tie Vitriol, 1 Copperas, Alum, etc. • • - Madder, for sale by 1. 1 • 3. H. 1111,11 TON & Co. Nov. 28, 1846.-28 No. s', Reed House. CAgi FOlt TIMO' scribers will pay thy seed. CLOVER. AND male at May 1,1847 A/T 9 4UFFEES' aeries of ? School Books, I, 11, V 4 and 5, for sale at No. 111, French Str. , Erie, Mny F, tBl7. 51 ' 1- • . . . - ... . , . _ . . ,.. . , .. .. ...., . _. ~. .. . •....... . . , ~, , ... ,•. .. . _ , , . _, .. . . „ . - , , •.:, .. . . . ' .1 ' Al .' 'i • : 11 ‘ ''' I , , •, - - , .., , •t ... tt. • , ..I.—. , I , . , --- ',P,.. _.. I.oly .. , .'-..). . . , , . 1 , , • , '_ - . ' . , • ... . . , H'A I . s - , 1 1 I ' , , , , .. I „ • , , I , ' 1 n '- 1 i t • ' . - i k ' A .” ) 1 - 1 1 . . • " , vof Of all the isles that gem the Indian seas, Fair Java smiles the enviable queen; • There Flora's train, kissed by the tropic breeze, Give vernal life and beauty to the scene; And one of mOdest 'mein, yet matchless grace, , 'Madonna of the fragrance•breathing throng, Whose virtues till of excellence embrace, May claim this huribble mod; a tribute sorig„ • , I , Bards of the bloodshot eye and reeling brain ' May give libations'rich of reeking verse; - To bloated 13acchus swell the foaming strait?, • And fancied merits of the vine rehearse; r ' To Java's peerless plant my lay I pour, 4 Whose juice no gods defile with lecherous Ifp! • Give me my cup of toffee brimming o'er, -, ' And Jove unenvii.d may his nectar sip, No head-achey huddle there like larking fops, ' No serpen4assions coI around the b hp; ~ Beneath its power the s:r am °fleeting flows, More soft and gentle ti an a Niriad's hymn, '' • And manly Thought in r ver's crys - al clearl, i Sparkles with truth and lbainir with eloquence, And far from Muffs of Bombast, bleak "and drear, Aleander; throu4h the Veld rut vales of Sense. Come, then, sweet Flora! at thy incense shrine' Call for thy blooming datiOners, angel tnight'; Bid them unveil their beauties ar dh%ine, To fill the gazer's eye Wail new delight; Andt bile they bow in reverence round thy thron\t, And breathe from honeyed lips an odor shower. Bid them the Wool' supremo and beauty own 01 - Java's glorious and immortal 'lower) Of all the cities planted by the y Spaniards in theNlew world; _Mexico is certainly the most beautiful, and Europe herself would have reason to be prild in counting it:among the number of her own.' He who would coittetn-i, plate in all its splendor, the strange and mg nil cett panornMa of- the capital and vicinity (;I.llextco, should ascend, just before sunset, to the top of one . _of ' the timers of the noble cathedral. At sixty leagues distant, bound ing and circling the horizon pn every•side, he pei•ceives the gigantic peaks of the COrdiller asl4 To the south, two volcanoes tower ma jeltically glove the Sierra, their summits cov e ledwith eternal snows, and tinted by the,l rays of the setting sun, with a hue 'of rieb, rosy pur'ple. One of them,..Popordar)ell (the sinokinglmountain) is shaped like a o e, pier cing thelazure heaven with its sh r apex; the othe4 litaczihnall (*whit ' voman) iSi , takes the form of a cotiehing nymph, lifting her shOulders of ice to the last caress s of the departing day. - At the foot Of these v dcannea' i l are three beautiful sparkling lakes r - rom the inirr6r-like surface Of which the cl uds are reflected, and on whose bosom the cy nets re wont to disport themselves. To the 'est,fie It palace of Chapultepeo, once the seat . f pleas ure of the Aztec Emperors, and after of the Spanish Vice -rot's, displays its imposing pro portiens. CC;vering the mountain upon which it is built, in undulations like billows of ver dure, are forest of cedar, of the growth of cen turies, From the summit of this same moun-. ii:in, there gnslies,forth a stream, flowing to the plain over ifiihundred arches of an ague duct, which conveys it and distributes it to the poptilous city. To the : right, to the left, on every side, are villages, steeples; and cu poles, dotting the surface of: )the - , smiling val ley. Dusty roads int.ersecteachpher in ev ery direction, in • apnearance kilfe,ribbons of _gold carved i out on the verdufe, orlurther in the distance, like streams of wates There, too, the weeping willow bends its dishevelled branches before the breeze, ,and there, a palm tree rears its isolated trunk, above die masses of odorous orous l Ifoliage, that meets the eye at every point. r But noW turn your gaze from the distant plains and the grander features of the tableau, and fix your attention Upon the city itself, or rather' upon what is at your feet. Mingled arid scattered over the checker board-like ap pearance of the houses, - and the terraces or namented with flowers, rise the turret's ofof the churches, and their domes of yellow and blue porcelain,• like an immense bourrt. The houses with their gay painted walls and,bal :conies covered with fancy patterned chintz, have ever a sort of festive, holiday ter. The Cathedral occupies one side i,f the Plaza Mayor* towering above the Presidency Pal ace; a low parallelogram, in which is located also, a prison, a botanic garden, barracks for troops, and the two Chambers. The Ayanta mienlo (city hall) forms with the palace a right ,angle, extending to the portal of .the Florian and the Parian, two vast commercial depots. Here grouped beneath the shadow ~of 4he Church, are assembled the Legislative and Exbcutive power, the city government, the coMmerce, in fact all of Mexico, almost, that constitutes the organization of a nation. i'rom the streets of San Domingo, San Fran cisco, Tacuba, de la Monnaie, de la Blood cel a, the populace in one restless, ever-chan gi g and ever-renewing stream, pour forth up in the' Plaza. Mixing in that multitude, - the traveler will beim an opportunit of scan ning Mexican Society in all its stm y r ge con trasts of vice and virtue, splendor and misery. ' Just before the Angelus, all MexiCo, hOrse-' m n, pedestrians and carriages, thiongopon thPlaza Mayor—a buoy "parti-coloreeinul -1 tit de, where silks and gold, and rags; ore mingled together in the oddest possible man ner. At that hour, the %digits are retenting to i khe neighboring villages; the populace, ' ere , finding their way to the'faUbourgs, the Ran. chro has ceased to prance , and parade his t ha so on the promenade, and is slowly depart ing, the Aguador (watercarrier) has ended hip labor*, and tramps lightly on under the bu:rden of 'his large jar, the officer turns to wards the Cafes or the gambling hone's! ODE TO JAVA COFFEE. BY J. CLEMENT. XENES FROM MEXICAN LIFE. Oated (rota the Franco Americain for the Albany Ar gar, by W. G. B. PLaticim EL Z tnAG t.re. PART I. The Jumada and Mount Parnassus. , . . , , . . Where 'he passes /is eyenings; the red petti coat of the woman of the lower order, johtles and brushes the Saga, and the black mantilla of the wealthy dam; who is screening herself behind hei. fan from the last rays of the set qng sun. Mingled with, and dividing the roved on every side are the monks. Here is r 'the iladre with his great chap au, elbowing the ;'ranciscan in his blue frock circled round his waist 'pith a! silken cord and his great felt hat: therepaiises the Dominiciau in his lugn briou's , white and black costumes, reminding us of thedays of Torquemada and the holy Inquisition, and last, the brown frock of the Capuchin contrasts with the white draperies and flounces of the brother of Mercy. These are scene. and incidents to be observed con tinually among that mottled multitude. . Pres ently,the roll of the drum is heard from the barracks, . the doors of 'the Sanctuari are thrown open, and forth comes a hearse spark ling with Alit. Then the sound of a bell min gles with the roll of the drum, and that im mense crowd uncover themselves, and kneel-' ing, bow their heads before the llost,•which is being borne to some dying person. Thii, before the Or+oni is the general as pect of 'the Plaza Mayor—that great forum in which the people ef Mexico—the sovereign i`tieople—(for so their flatterers style them,) in all all their rags and tinsel, seek for and settle upon a new master for the morrow, after de terthining upon the sacrifice .of the one of the day previous. Ignoralit of, or indifferent' to 'any thing like settled principles in politics, and mistaking unbridled disorder for liberty, they seem not even to imagine that those re-. peated attacks of anarchy will soon destroy the worm-eaten body of their strange repub lic which after but twenty-five years of 'exis tence libs already gone to decay. Every night, at the first tinklingof the An gelus, and as if-hy enchantment, all noises are hushed on de Plaza,, and the crowd become motionless as statues. But when the last sounds of the bells have scarce ceased to vi brate in the air, the busy movement is renew ed, and the mob becomes one, in every sense.. The carriages drive off, the cavaliers gallop away, the pedestrians. separate, some fruiter than others, but all with sufficient celerity to escape the sword of the /azo, and the , bold thieves' who rob and assassinate their vi ctims often in the open day, and in sight of aii.o— By night the square is deserted: a few perhaps '. in the light of the moon promenade the pave ment before the church, while some others ore carelessly balancing themselves upon the iron-, chains which are swung between the granite pillars of th, Sanctuari. The day having ended, the scenes of night•begin, and thole iferos become for a while sole masters of the oity. ,The lepera is one of the strangest pe- ' culiarities of Mexican , society. An.l those wl;c1 would see the city of Mexicans it is,' should not see it only as it appears, when en livened by the gay crowd which promenade the Plaza. It is when plunged in the' sinister 4 -- silence of night, that an.estimate can best be formed of the strange and repulsive character i of the Mexican laze one. The lepero com bines at once the characteristics of a brave man and of p poltroon—is at once calm and .violeriP—fahatic and incredulous--never think ing of Gocl•as the Just, hOt eves evincing a salutary terror of the Davil'. He is an eter nal gambler, a Brawler from association, a thief by instinct, is at times sober and at others intemperate, and most 'inveterately lazy and indolent, is careless alike whether of good or bad fortune. At times a porter,'a mason, a coachman, a street paver, or a-trader, you meet with the lepero every where. Yoh %yill find him in all places, pursuihg the vocation which he may prefer—at the cliiiroltes,.pro eeSsions or the pliblic shoWs—and always to tge detriment of‘hia 'assistants. Prodigal when he has money, the /epee') is none the less resigned to his poverty'. If he finds himself in the 'morning posses. sufficient ing to serve him Tor the day, he de 'cotes it to idleness. Careless orthe 'morrow, the precariousness 'of his' resources often bring him to a state of ac tual %%ant. Perfectly devoid .of care, and awarethiithe has nothing to fear from thievei, enveloping hip - elf in his rifgged .mantle, he throws himself down in an attitude half lying and half sitting upon the pavement or upon some doorstep. There, touching languidly his jaronu. (a sort of guitar) he contemplates %9.h half closed, drowsy , eyes, the pulqueria (or drinking shop) where his credit is despis ed, or lends a careless ear to the hissing and sputtering of the neighboring frying-pan.: ' By and by; he girds fixound him ingre closely the cord which forins his girdle, breakfa,sts in tho sunlight, and then lazily' puffing his cigar, falls asleep: I have ray foibles, I confess: In contem plating the idle and busy ciowd who are night ly attracted to the Plaza Mayor, my attention neglecting t 4c. more elite of the promenaders, had for some time been attracted to a ragged group, who presented in themselves, one of the most melancholy, and at the same time, truest types of Mexioan society. I have nev er for instance met with a lepero in all the Picturesque dilapidation of his costume ? with out feeling a desire fur a closer acquaintance with this class of gipseys, reminding 'me, as • •og they do, of, the wildest heroes of the robber romances.!, I have always felt a curiosity compare these outcast children of the•great cities with the savage adventurers that I have encountered in the woods and the savannahs. During the first period of my residence in Mexico, I had succeeded, through the Medium of a friend of mine, a Franciscan monk, in getting admitted to an honorable intimacy with a lepero of the first order, who was known as Perko .41Zaragate.t Unfortunately our acquaintartee had scarcely commenced, befortt from the best of reasons, felts desire to break it off. The revelation I had succeeded in *The Mexican Journal El Sig'o. N0►.14. 1815. pub lished ea'argent address to the city authorities au Which the frequent repetition Of such deeds were asked to be prevented. t er7.l' • retbor of lib, acct daugerels kit"_ "THE WORLD. IEI GOVERIf SATIAZDA. JUNE :".i; 1847 k drawing from him, of , ths social most him and his class,,were'of the most unsatis factory and insignificant character, while the amount of dollars that Perico had succeeddd in drawing from me, was sufficiently consid erable to induce me to pause and reflect. One day, therefore, I luid resolutely determined o discontinue this expensive;ninusCnient, wh w•ho should enter my house.bul the Friar S rapio, the kind Franciscan, to whoml was i debted for my Acquaintance witli Perko "l come to 4olt you," said he, !land to, ca ry you to the- bull-fight at theplace de Nee, Lilian. There is to be a "Jamaica and Mount Parnassus," which will render tl excursion the most piquant in the world." “What is' a Jamaica aiul'a Mount - Piirn. susT' I enquired. - "You will know in good time," sai l dtie. -"Cope,' if we start now, ; we shall har ly in season to secure a good seat." • , I never could resist the attractions o a bull-fight, and beSides, I was aware that ,in the company of the Friar. Serapio, I could travei-se the faubourglis which girdle tlfe city in perfect security. Above all, the neighbor hood of Necatitlan is the most dangerous for ,a person in the Etiropea dress, ,apd it ,was never without a great deal of fearilthat I had traversed it alone. The cloak of Ithe monk however, was to serve as a*Titeetion for file Parisian coat. I readily, accepted, the offer of the Frier, and off westarted. For the first time it was in my power to contemplate with out dread, these filthy stre ets , without either Isidewalks or Pavements, :these blnek and dil apidated houses, the cradle and the shelterof the banditry who infest the roads, acid frequent ly even pillage the habitations in;the city it self. As tee passed along, multitudes of !cp. eros were to be seen, clad! in their disgusting ly- filthy dresses of cotton cloth, Or in their. . frazadas, (a sort of woolen covering,) some I blind, and others scarredand revoltingly. dis figured by the'knife. Many were in the t j av = erns',',dyinking, whistlingO•elling and mak ing other hideous noises.; Their women too, in their frightfully ragged dresses, werclo bd . /seen sitting-at their Aooi;si(ls, and often near them, their infants rolling in the mud,and making thesis vocal with their crying land squalling. In traversing these horrid retreats the dread of the police, the criminal judge mutters a prayer,.the alcalde crosses himself, the constable feels powerless, and the h i onost man shu Wars. but as for the tnenl4 with his frame sect, and a smile cin''his lips, the yer'y soles f his sandals call forth more respect than tie clang of the soldiers sabre. .Often, - too, li e the tiger recoAried mater, these his aster, these aridity 3,. - i3ida' Uncover as he pa,'sel them, and come forward to kiss his hand. • On' reaching the Place de lic-catitlan, a 1 strange and, to,ine, most novel specticle Was 1 preset ted. O one side , the sun potired \ , r d own in aiinost insupportable brightness up ! on the Palcos do Sol. (tiler boxes of that part of the circus exposed to the sun,) 'aid here I nod b bind them the Populace, piled in ii . raids mon the scaffolding, kept up an iihs inabie concert of cries and cat-calls. 04-, to side, alieltered by the ' retozau *tended, might be seen the gay plii officers, and silk dresses,. formit. coup which compensated in some oppos were of the _i gree or the melancholy array of misery. !take: ess in the boxes exxosed to the su 1 bar seen, on five different occasions, spect cle of a bull-fight; I hare , seen)t crow s, fatigtied but ,not 'satiated with cage, and when towards nigh, at the en the fights, their exhattste& wind-pipes no longer give vent to thehJ hoarse exela lions, and when the scent of blood, bad treoted to the top of the amphitheatre fl of the vpracious vulture, but Chace never the arena itself transformed all it was on .day. Numereits wooden posts were set tt the enclosure usually appropriated to the bats, and they, decked . with - branches, rant flawers and heibs, gave the scab' the appearanceOf a vast saloon of verdur of a blossoming grove, with its secluded noes and sequestered laneA for quiet slim, ing. Liq,le cottages, arranged about ,t groves, displayed kitchens, in which were in requisition allof Mexican tronomy. In these they hid, as usual, th travagant luxury of those ragouts without name, the foundation of which arc the hot 1:1 7 . mento and greasy pork.. These were inter-, i minglec?with beautiful pdts of flowers, and gigantic glasses , fi lled with red, green, yel low and blue liquids. The populace o the palcos de sot were forced to be content with the nauseous (but to• them bewitching) odor of the greasy pork, while the others happier in taking a more active part in sort t',f 'improvisator° elysium, and feaste der their impromptu trees, with the ap. of the most savage dog. ' "Look," said the Franciscan, pointin number of revellers sitting at a table i arena, "Wok; that is what 91ey call a' ca ' " - "And what do you call this!" said I t companion, - pointing to n artificial tr some twelve or fifteen feet, standing i centre bf the arena, from the brittle which were fitiating many colored' ban chiefs. a • I'That,is Mount Parnassus," replie Franciscan." 1 isWe may expect then an ascension poets, I suppose," said I "No, but of the leperos and . unle which will be still mere diverting." As the monk made to me this but h telligible reply, the shout of "the but bull," vociferated fromthe noisy gaiter came more and moro boisterous,, a, kitchen's and 'other retreats were dens the twinkling of an eye. ' - The ' repast' most unexpectedly. interrupted, and the rustic cottages scattered in wrecks ab arena under the impetuous onset of a b tepees, *bribed stealthily climbed to th e%rtit.lt 0X93 in the pnnic,mre. Atnorij 0 At IT.O H-." furies,wfp were yelling, jumpingri in ,thework of destruction; 'I- was no '0 to recognize my old friend Peric. dirt him the world not hive b plete. 'ffMount PernaSans" with it ton flags, alone-remained amid, the everything; branches and leayes, cumbered the arena, unlit soon be only object of the attention of the Many were endpvoring to climb t. in order to secure'the i prizes—the c which decked it, but as is often thq crowd,were in each other's way ,greater part, wearied and unsucce were left engaged in effort.' A ment, the trumpet nded ram the Alcalde, the door f.the — fern (whe is confineh) opene and out ro4bed most mainificent bulls that the u• haciendas could furnish. Unfortun ever for t 4 assistants, whose'objec exhibit to the leperos a fight with . most redeubtable of his speCies, the I ed to be an ffembolais"—(a bull «I nub or ball at the end of each of hisl uch a one is always devoted to ' I lace.) : The lout-cites or Mount.,, pi however, manifested a littlo hesitat approach, and gazed upon him with ofalarm. The bull, after gazing ment around thb arena, rushed to tree around Which these people we ed. Some of the leivos escaped circle, while others sought refuge b, into the branches of "Monte Pant . catastrophe was imminent—the but ing the foot of the tke, dealt upon repeated andlsen vy blows, and th weight with which it was Charger the tree to! begii#to lean. At la' Perico htut gather( cotton flags, it slo , to 'fall with it in its 431 the ix which it r was or ied, laughter, and the . uproarious Lions of delight, arose from - the Ir Ipeetatori who filled the bones es, at the sight of these -tido half dead, and lamed; were ende engage themselves from the tat es. ,To increase the confusio tacked them in the most feroc and I hiid the pain of seeing . th Perico tossed some six feet in t to the ground in such a state o no to destroy in me ull hope Oft' to proseouto, under a master so incomplete study of li ter. . . Perict. was borne in great pain enclosure, and a hundred voices frO ulac r e called for a priest. Friar crouched himself, in ai corner c but without avai, for it Wds useles to seek to avoid the duty, thus im; him by the will of the people. Raising with a gravity and an concealed his•chngrin to the pubh said to me in an under tone, "Polk shall pass for a doctor." o You joke," said "No indeed, if the m , clan will be of quite as as a confessor." Ml the hat I accompanied the least equal to his. W ed the steps of the circi laughter and the chel evinced to us that the II well as that of the sun so very ordinary an inci ed us to a dark place. in sage to the ground floo r' they had deposited th; tirlt however, disembar' ton flags. Than, part the church and the fac r j t a 1(e -an] = car- I d of 11119 MEI at -1 )cits GM QM resented in our person', from n desire not to los, arena, the assassins le om fro ing or Et sero • in a recumbe .}" 19,ning against the par no signs of life. At al arms, and death-like.pa if the spark of life had; from hittbody, it had b slight resting plaad the 4 r' somewhat embarrassad do. "I believe," nt la "that you at least have, inter absolution to him. EIEI lin • ;Jut it ex- "Absolve ic," exel , roughly pughing the fe4 stp l )eared at any_rate se flterest, and half openit "I believe in God th• ' ly Ghost.—Ab,ithe rasJ me of my flags.Seno •ere this un- man." "Not yet, my son, '.r4, there may be, howe'ver, l , confess your sins, and "The fight is not fitti co, very naively—"Blit, standing what has hall quite so bad as you soli Perico, now perceiv 1 as if about to faint, and touo of voice. 1: 1 "You aie right, I fee I core I will begin my co dpish.7 VlConudence then, cenchiiik beside the s shOwed no sips of any ric ), removing his gre birkiself to the ear of tilt 1!i a l'Ttle so as not to in g l .. c menced, as follow r:-- then, my father, I adanseLmysei • having responded to the kind attentions of that cavalier here, with the most black ingratitude, in the frequent Contribt tions that I have drawn from him. However ' tirt for which I pray not 'to loose my ransom Ilea deeper than that T —for,l em tenderly attached to hii .I's• MEI to a the ma., my e of ies t t dher- IE!I rt 2 If in , the be. d the ted in were 'pretty • ut the odor e most - the so I bowed my bead is ,ment. . ,aleo, accuse myael d aiding _•surprie .(lWith- . n nom gay cot wreck of vhich en- Tame the populace. its top, , tton flags the case, until the .sful, few this mo lbox of the e the bull one of the • l ighb"ing tely how- MIMI emonstra thowatid he ben.th rates, who l ing to dis id brnincli e bul at- MEDI nforturinte ir s tquifall ersibi ity,' MS e, my d cha MIMI Em die erapio i lf the !or =EI ir which 'e eye, he me, you anis not de much hone a'phYsi t to him l i onk with. had sa l is, %Leu Tb t labile of t l had fire lent. 'l' the mid In a co union assing h omit o F it), so di the spec t t positio tition, ant • rate I eness, ;not who I I) rt a very, ;• We reol s to what tenid I to the power irni.d Fria t of the /e siblo to th g his eyes, murnuired, Father, Sin and Ho ale, they ha -0 robbed Padre, I am a dead qera pi o, ero. He s raark of Oa the tnontt—"bit ,short time for yMt to I nm in a hu rry," ' fi shed," said p oor Peri- I believe, notwith paned, that I am not tpose.l! ng ine,'cloSed his eyes I continued l in 4 feeble very bad, and there , ession, I shall ly sop, said the m elc' man, who r: exterior wound. , t grey , hat. inoli • monk, pnd I reti errupt the leitetro noW i ledg- oken of OE= having ta- , ME ken,the gold watekof the criminal judge Say csai the last - time liiwas brought before him." "How was that,: my sun'?" 1 "The Senor Sayosa had the imprudence to Desire to know the hour in -my presence, when seeking for his' watch, he / wail surprised to find he had left it at home. I sa'wsit once that if I was not under arrest, I should hate a iiiarr hit to make. Ignorant, however,oC the fate which was In reserve for me, I gave the word of command to a friend who was just La, that, inutnent set at liberty.'' Yuiti must linow that theiudge is very fond of turkeys." , . if .l l peo not under'stand you, my son." lon will undFrstaritl . me. My comrade deiMrted,rindutirchasia,g a superb turkey, took it, and presented .it to . the wife of the Senor Sayosa, telling her that her husband had di- rected him tii deliver to her the beautiful bird, and also that' he ()egged of her at the . same tit 4. to send by the bearbr his gold watch arid chain which he had left nt honie. Thus it: 'was that I got the jud e's watch." t i "That was bad, '). son." "I have done, wo e still, my father: The next day, I stolo'from the judge's wife, whit her (husband was in attendance at court;' , • ° "Wlt'afrmv son. ' - . "The turkey, my father. You- understan we like not to,Jose," - mormured Perico in a do h -' for us voice. The monk had great ditile.ulty' in rbstraining himself from a burst oflauglitcr, 'Ube revelations of the tcpero. - "And upon what charge, my son," replied he in a voice'treinbling from his efforts - , "Were, , you brought before the Judge Say-i ,u 1" ,II "A mere bagalette. `I had, engaged, for some crowns, to serve the vengezMee of an in habitant of this city. [The name is nathirg I lto the story.] The 'man I; was tb strike was pointed out to the. lle was a young and beautilful cavalier, easily recognized by a slight , 'scar above his right eye-brow. ' was win& myself in 'the doorway of jt certain.hbuse, where? this main was in the habit of going eve ry night, after the Ordcian. Night Came, and kattended. Two hours had passed, and there l 'Avas no more people in/the streets—Lall was silent. I peered into unapartment on the ground floor,othrough the bars of a wrinlow which undoubtedly had been left open on ac count of' tfie extreme heat." 1 I. ' I Perico, tow, either from ‘‘ i 'eakorss or some other Copse aPliettre in continuing -his cpn tinnincy his c nfession to yit4ld with some re -1 ffil• . pogrurnce Ito tto rice tanc i } eicrci m l er him by thr • Yriar ''erap"i`t. " i observing, this I looked at,t. he ntOnk, as if to l Ask! whether I should ret re, trtit fie motione4 trig in ite4 same m I • 1 1 - i anner to, retain my poSitior._. . . "endar!an image of the holy Ghost," con .i tunieci Perko, "iii one corfer of this apart„- Mem . , an ci \ ri womah Nvel° ed up to her ev s in her,rebozo was sleeping,. Il The. handeorte cavalier-of whom I have spoken ups in anotil ere:part of the room, reclining upon a sofa, rod kneeling by him. herhead resting on his knee was a young and apparently beautiful woman her Eyes filled with 104 raised to his. The young man ‘l.as.....stripping the Icarus front a red rose, which unfolded itt:elcin a sort of transparient conch—adjusted in the shell comb •which retained theitlowing tresses upon the beautiful head that was inclined before Lim. I understood then,yvhy it was that I had been emplyed Co cut shjirt his time. Perhaps, the sensation of comp:4si:on which I felt within me, may count fo: 'something, fur 'I certainly did feel remorse at having to cut the thread of su happy astory,'! 7 _,' r• i , "Did you kill hint! wretched Man!' cri d 1 the monk. : "I 'concealed myself in front of the house under its shadow on the pavement. I grew agitated and faint-hearted, so much so as to fall asleep at.my post. The noise occasic tied by the opening of a door aroused me from my supihement. I had given my word, which heretofore bad been sacred,. and this was not the moment to indOlgo in my naturalisensibil ity. A man came forth, and a second - ufter, I was close upon his heels, I heard Lathe sao time, the sounds of a piano, behind the closed window, , It seemed as if. joy had redoubled the agility of the fingers which touched the keys: : Poor girl, thought I, YoUr J lover goes forth to' the, - and yet yOu sing—l Struck—the man fell. The feeling Perico here gave a sigh. • . ee , He resumed after a short pause: "4" f illy. of the noon, at this moment, revealed the m>.fea tures of the man'l had just sts, •t. It was not my man! However, I felt cont nt—l had beenwiid to kill—l had ,killed, and my con science was tranquilized, at this thought. I uoeeded to cutoff a lock of the hair ( of the unknown, in order to pre sent , to 'my employer the evidence to satisfy him of the accomplishment of my ,mission. , All hair is c i s alike said -I to myself; tart I wasitle leived a-: gain. , The man I had killed was au ng,lish man, and his hair was as read a 3 a ri e pimen to? The handsome cavalier, too, still lived! Then in 'my disappointment, I blasphemed the, holy name of God! and it is that of which I accuse myself, holy father!" , • . Perko heat his breast whilethe.Franciscau represented to him the deep blaCknessluf the of the last crime, at the same time passing very lightly over the first. For the life of a man, of an English heritio above all, is a crime of very little heinousi+s in the eyes of the less ohlightened classeT of the Mexican nation, of Which the monk mad the tepero pre , , sented two distinct types. Father Serapio terminated his homily, mid hitstily adniinisOr log to P i eria° an absolution in Latin, of the style..of Molient's comedies, he resumed in good Spanish— , "Perhaps you will rest better, theta you` have asked pardon of this Cavali'er, for having put him so frequently under contribution." Ell ma The lepero turned towards me, and in the moat melancholy Cr posiible, said-1. t "I am a great rascal, ut I shrill t inleiny. self the more absolved f you will p rdon ail Itr, deceits r hare prettLed urn= 7tl. I s':11 , I '1 111 MI dying Senoreamlie me. .My:wife will affair, 'and it bill 1. should Ite find i n m pay Intl my windin them tp you, Senor "It is right,7 sai Aof refus.e i thisfav,lr rc thelastbllars h "God willing," sui I waq making film mptied my purse i sto, closed his eye and spa no more. "Requtrscat tap( "the fight' hai far al ing more to do het. We departed. A , ,again entered the ci the Zaragate many One such oonfessio mischances witioh Cons with thi4 sing) berme. too that this could be given me 'my power to withh I" was' wrong howev liove that my accout , ter Perico. • FEMALE Ai I 'PE . ['untying to the mai mr unt to the •g. It. moral. ..ful nivel con:Imo, is called( pol itene”. out s of respect, as, tf fixed out with bette ant betterhur tik.Al to receiv l e.a hu ding thegoo3, easy men a-cleaper table that they tick-It out Abominable!—th affections, the part tbeir i children, I they do, indeed—th 'T isa wicked, p and they know it. Worse and worse. tation. fiosPitalit: No—they want to i feive him, -even fo ofl in , the world tha 1 are secretly tired Of , coinfortalie, beauti ' finale so dear to ma to be slutiand hypo. I the diffirence 'they banili and the world baud. ,They go 'di haii flying loose, a l' hor'se-pcind than a table, till in mercy knock at the door. I 0! but if you ask you must give him _ and beans, Not if I eat pork Da h lia - Übe often treated at my own I ter than Imyaelf ing at the plate o( esteemed by the NVO hie. Of course. The and the more she lo be wpcd. ! . Mactb , thk4ver the worst MY; and i dear friend that e whim the family d —you may know ti 4te—the / much l ly c! • O; ouste r," 'RnAr. Pvamsnix .- zette , says that. in 11 quires that parties, published-4hat is,' shall be panotincd public days, or else t for two or three We has taken advantag law, ami l we now s pers, a notice of th. It is a terrible [ 6 1 1 . courting, nor a girl having the affair ti rit,er. I .rhe Govern , the Journal of C structions froM th issued an order ad, and Maize into tha• ment of duty—the its arrival at and. e. destination Within der permitting Am, pass down the St. ing,tom on the Sal thence to the Rive and vice versa, upo and dues chargeabl •, .Fmks don't go t tire. ‘‘ , Nobody est_ freshments. Nobo ple attend•divine s• ;day; it fsSabb'ath., flet it is extracted an coffee, the fish NO one tears a hole is no rare thing lie dies don't go a visit ramie men don't *gt , in to spend the eve hard backed chairs; rd backs titflsr zs , ) 1 4 caye cri to Sa to - Anna, aft . i Cerro haul him, at Letteis days dtties wOrs arnault.f IBE R 3. - N T I - 1 and naVepot that to bury • owl be informed ''of ;this ho; a great relief to her, pockets a few d 'Bars to sheet. God will return 1 the monk. "Yon will to the pooi devil, and they will ever cost you." id 1, hardly' thinking that t a lion tidal wish, and I to the ockets of Pole°, I, dropped back his}dead • e, Sr ut] Friar Serapio— -Heed, anJ I have Otll I _thought T 1 , ter all, nougat I , as WO cu l s, I he're obtained from re l ry curious particulars: amply repaid melor the, I ' attended my first rela. ar personage. geraem v.las 6 1 3 last lesson that the Icor° it wtts not ill ht I 1 ' a little pay front him— u., as we'sfiall sec., to be- Ft's were setled with Mas. [END* l',AfiT I.] ,sr. - —we cOmmend the c. ( 4 1of all our female read. .a i . ried I more especially pc l t . nts o a very truthful as a g neral thing, to bo 1 .. live, common sense ; and Lc r,ificedevery hour to }'chat ._ 'I see women every 'day, , ey say, to their. husbands, , r dress, with befter.looks, -tor, to receive mi E stran er ~:baia, the rogue l s per ua ,e °oi l . Iwhen they give ther cloth and a better di r, f respect for him! treat the lord of their er of their bed, the father .rse th l an any other man—. 're's ilO denYitur it. otligate. cold-hearted lif tUey call it hospita Llospitality is not oston is simple and sineere.-r. please a stranger-.d de' an hour, to appear b Iter they really are. "they i • home, of that plain, quiet ul teeenCy, which mikes .1' Such Women arel4o rites, .yist in proportion to make between their:hrts. • the st rOger and the hus. p-s 1 hodlattout the house-.. tJ thelnelves fitted for a .ntarrii& bed, or' dinner to their husband; 401.10 a man o dinner with'you, ,ctionhibr , better than pork L nd beans myself. Pd. ' 1 i• tuul if lie exiTcts toibii mi l s°, by rny own wife bet.- ' Sir, lean tell by leak exactly •lio%lie is ia.it at the head artliefta- i, glocr she esteems him, him, the bettemiillho r. The husband will be there he anyparticular, laines often—somebudy tä I e tindor great obligations n l) , the drumsticks in Ids de —the small claw of !.-. 1 7 -The United States Ga asachusetts; the, law re. before marrying, shall be lit intentions of marriage 1i n 'church three successive 1 osted in some public place lcS. The press, however, Of tho provi.4ous of the I . I e in one of ,the Boston pa- Ise who intend marriage. when a man 'cannot go a eta sweethciart, wiOadtt,t d its way into tt;e news• • pr General of 9,nnada, says Trunerce, ag.rccalily to in liarent g z nv / ernment, has iittitlg prim jean Wheat :pro% ince without the Fay importer giving bends for pirtation Cram the port or ix ; , mouthi's. Also an or he.l lm boats and vessels 'to I.avrence, from Fort Coy' no River, to Sorrel, and 1 Richlieu 6 Champlain, the payment of the t9llB upon Itritish vessels. bed now .a- days; they re rdinnrer; people take re rgoes to'churcb;butpeoY ice. There Is no Sun, o one B its his tooth pul- Instead of drinking, tea !unable only sip a little.- 7 . in his pantaloons; but it lacerates them. The la ng;:they only make calls. a Courtin g ; they only step' ing. ou grandmas*:et! but our 'belles have stuff. • • I ts: , \ • r pies';' as Col. lilarney rata • r a vain atterap s tto over. , orno.. •ra Cruz state that five ) lleted at that port to tilt s • \It’s safe to say that this past year saw the fewest number of honeymoon travelers in recent history. As the pandemic upended nearly every single aspect of life, there were countless honeymoons that were postponed along the way.
“What started out as a two-week shutdown to flatten the curve ended up being a twelve-month rollercoaster that left resort doors shuttered, borders closed and an endless number of flights canceled,” explains Kayla LeClerc, owner of Whimsical Wishes Travel Concierge. “Couples who had planned honeymoons or destination weddings also suffered as their once-in-a-lifetime trips were canceled. And in some cases, their money remained tied up with tour operators that were trying to survive. “
The Future of Honeymoon Travel
The good news is that we’ve come so far, especially in recent months. Thanks to an impressive mass vaccination effort, the future of travel (even international travel) looks very bright. “We are now finding that fully vaccinated travelers have more options and more freedom (with little or no quarantine). Non-vaccinated travelers have different protocols with more restrictions and longer quarantine, ”says Teresa Belcher, travel agent and founder of Honeymoon Islands, Inc.
The demand for travel is at an all-time high. Couples are looking to re-book the honeymoon plans that were canceled. You also have newlyweds looking to finally have the honeymoon of their dreams. The tricky part for travel agents is making up for a year of hardly any business during such a busy time. “Those who were forced to cancel or postpone travel plans pivoted to 2021,” says Belcher. Now it’s a challenge to find availability for couples planning for the first time.
Stephanie Goldberg-Glazer, owner of Live Well, Travel Often, has both planned and canceled countless trips during the past year. “One couple, who was supposed to go to Europe in 2019, had an emergency medical issue and had to cancel, so we rescheduled for 2020,” she explains. “Now, we have rescheduled them for this summer in Hawaii.” Another one of her couples, who married in November 2020, planned a domestic getaway to New Mexico and Arizona right after their wedding, but really wanted to go to Tahiti and New Zealand. “We planned the big Tahiti and New Zealand trip for late this year, hoping that New Zealand will open their borders in time,” she says.
Where to Honeymoon Next
Planning your honeymoon and have yet to decide on a destination? Consider these hotspots that travel experts are recommending to their clients.
Hawaii
If you’re looking to stay in the United States but want a beachy destination that is off the beaten path, consider Hawaii. “Packed with gorgeous beaches and breathtaking sights, Hawaii will be more popular in the next two years because it’s still considered domestic travel — no passport required,” says LeClerc. “The ability to hop between islands is unique to Hawaii. It’s important to note, however, that the islands vary in terms of what they offer travelers. For this reason, LeClerc recommends working with a professional travel agent who can help guide you in the right direction.
WGM Says: Dreaming of a Hawaiian honeymoon? We crafted the perfect 6-night itinerary for Lanai!
The Maldives
This tiny little archipelago in South Asia has long been in-demand for honeymooners. It’s tropical, loaded with 5-star resorts clad with overwater bungalows and has incredible weather year round. Because overwater bungalows are ideal for social distancing, Goldberg-Glazer highly recommends this spot for 2021 travelers.
Dubai
Ranked safe for traveling by the World Health Organization, this city and emirate in the UAE, has vaccinated more than 85 percent of their population, notes Belcher. “You can combine Eastern and Western Culture with a Dubai city known for great restaurants and unique shopping at bargain prices with a 2-3 night stay in the desert,” she says. “While in the desert, experience glamping, sandboarding, riding camels, a romantic dessert tent dinner, etc.”
St. Lucia
This island in the Eastern Caribbean was a popular honeymoon destination before the pandemic. LeClerc anticipates that it will continue to be post-pandemic. “The landscape in St. Lucia is what makes it so attractive to honeymooners — soaring mountains, sweeping rainforest, coral reefs and volcanic sand beaches,” she says. Since you’re likely flying into Hewanorra Airport (UVF), on the southern tip of the island, when most of the most popular resorts are located on the northern tip of the island, she recommends skipping the two hour shuttle ride and booking a helicopter transfer. “You’ll soar above the island and will likely get to your resort in 15-20 minutes,” she adds.
Greek Islands
“Similar to St. Lucia, this was a destination that was booming for pre-pandemic honeymooners,” says LeClerc. Now that Greece is fully open to vaccinated travelers, she thinks couples will feel confident planning their travel there in the next year or two. “I find that most of my couples are enamored by the islands, which are known for their vibrant nightlife and beautiful beaches,” she says. She recommends planning to visit and stay on at least two islands while you’re there. “They’re not all the same and you’ll have different experiences; packing up and making the move is worth it, ”she adds.
Iceland
If you’re open to a honeymoon destination that’s a bit off the beaten path and doesn’t involve a tropical beach, Iceland may be a great option for you. In fact, it continues to be extremely popular and is gaining interest by honeymooners, according to Goldberg-Glazer. “There are so many wonderful adventures,” she says. “Hiking on a glacier, snorkeling between the tectonic plates, the Blue Lagoon, and more. It is a perfect trip for adventure seekers ”. Bonus: Iceland is currently open to vaccinated individuals.
Italy
For honeymooners looking for a romantic European getaway, Italy has always been a top choice — and people are itching to go back! Goldberg-Glazer predicts that Italy will continue to be super popular with honeymooners looking for a part city-part beach, or part city-part wine country honeymoon. “Really, is there anything more romantic than a Tuscan sunset with a glass of wine in hand overlooking a gorgeous vineyard?” she asks.
Croatia
This gorgeous country situated between central and eastern Europe on the coast of the Adriatic Sea has long been a popular honeymoon destination. “Croatia has a little bit of everything — a stunning coastline, national parks, and a rich culture,” says LeClerc. “Couples who want to lay on the beach and snorkel, hike a mountain or gorge, and take a historical tour on their honeymoon can do all of it in Croatia.” Currently Croatia is open for fully vaccinated travelers, which is another reason why travel agents are recommending it to their honeymoon clients.
Ready to book your honeymoon? Here are some words of wisdom from travel pros
Hire a professional planner:
“Traveling isn’t as easy as it used to be, even domestically,” says LeClerc. “My number one priority as a travel advisor is to listen to my couples. I get a clear vision of their honeymoon and I help them bring it to life. ”
Book your honeymoon early:
Belcher urges couples not to assume that flights to their desired location will be cheap and available whenever they’re ready to book it. “It’s very difficult to find availability because we are dealing with two years of travel crammed all in one year,” she says. She recommends booking as early as possible to score the best deals.
Purchase insurance:
This was something that most travel agents recommended their clients do prior to the pandemic, but now it’s mandatory, according to Belcher. “Many countries are requiring you to purchase cancellation insurance that also covers medical expenses should you contract covid during your vacation,” she says.
Be flexible:
If you’re planning to take your honeymoon in the next 6-8 months, LeClerc says couples should still be flexible. “Things are still changing. CDC guidance is being updated almost weekly. Destinations are working on their entry requirements. And as of today, COVID tests are still required for a return to the US when traveling internationally, ”she says. “This is another plug for working with a travel advisor. They’ll keep you up-to-date on everything and make sure you’re prepared to travel when the time comes. “
The bottom line? If you’re hoping to go on a honeymoon in the next year, start planning now. There are so many wonderful places out there that are yearning for tourists. And really … aren’t we all ready for a giant vacation ?!If a charged particle accelerates (moves faster, slower or changes direction), it produces both an electric field (because the particle is charged) and a magnetic field (because the particle is moving).
Does a moving charge particle produce both electric and magnetic.
Does a moving electric field create a magnetic field?
Similarly, every time you change an electric field, you create a magnetic field. This is called the Maxwell-Ampere Law. The interesting thing is that a changing electric field creates a changing magnetic field, which creates a changing electric field, which creates a changing magnetic field, and so on.
Why does moving charge produce electric field?
Moving charged particles create a magnetic force field. Accelerating charged particles produce changing electric and magnetic force fields which propagate as EM waves.
What charge produces electric field?
Electric field is the force experienced by a test charge that has a value of +1 .
Why does a moving electric field create..
Can static charge produce electric field?
A static electric field (also referred to as electrostatic field) is created by charges that are fixed in space; A static magnetic field is created by a magnet or charges that move as a steady flow (as in appliances using direct current).
What happens when an electron is accelerated?
Now, the acceleration of an electron takes place under a voltage called acceleration voltage. If accelerated electrons should lose energy, they would eventually encounter the atomic nucleus, so that the atom would eventually cease to exist.I cannot survive in a 140- or 280-character world, so here are more tweets that grew up to be too big for Twitter…
To say Johnny Manziel’s debut as a starting quarterback in three-down, 12-man football was a disaster is to say the Hindenburg had a bumpy landing.
Seriously. This was bad. Hermann Goering had a better day at Nurenburg.
As first impressions go, this was your daughter’s high school prom date showing up at the door with a six-pack and hitting on her mom.
Johnny Football came, he saw, he did not conquer. He became Johnny Four Picks. He spent much of the night in flight, frantically trying to escape the clutches of large, angry men. I swear, we haven’t seen a man run this much since Forrest Gump decided to skedaddle across America.
Those expecting, or hoping, to see the second coming of Joe Theismann or Doug Flutie instead saw ample evidence that Manziel might be Vince Ferragamo the Sequel.
Ferragamo, in his brief fling with the Montreal Alouettes in 1981, never could quite figure out the 12th man on defence in the Canadian Football League, that guy who kept popping up like an uninvited house guest. That 12th man pilfered 25 of Vince’s passes. Manziel might toss that many picks by Labor Day.
None of this is to suggest that Johnny Four Picks was solely responsible for the 50-11 paddywhacking the Als absorbed at the hands of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on Friday night at Percival Molson Stadium in Montreal, but let’s not sugar-coat what went down in his CFL baptism: He was gawdawful. Here’s the bottom line for the National Football League washout and former Heisman Trophy winner with Texas A&M: 20 tosses, 11 completions, 104 yards, 0 touchdowns, four interceptions.
Manziel finished the game where he should have started it—on the sideline. He was as unpolished as an old hobo’s shoes.
Apparently, this all escaped the notice of one TSN gum-flapper. Davis Sanchez, who loses credibility each time he parts his lips to allow unfiltered thought to become words, actually gave Manziel a passing grade in three of four categories.
“We’ll have to equate it to an SAT without really studying,” Sanchez said before handing out a report card that included a B (composure), a C+ (creativity), a C- (arm strength/accuracy), and one F (decision-making).
That’s like giving Neymar a gold star for staying on his feet for more than five seconds. Don’t we all wish we had Sanchez to grade our exams in school?
Sanchez wasn’t the only talking head at TSN to fluff up Manziel’s face plant on Friday. Jock Climie and Glen Suitor both tried to apply lipstick to that pig.
Here’s Suitor: “We have to temper our analysis. There were flashes. We saw him escape, we saw him create, we saw him improvise.”
Here’s Climie: “Is there a positive in this? It looked to me like Manziel was just going out there and learning. It looked to me like he stopped keeping score, which is the right thing to do. It didn’t matter, one, two, three interceptions…he just kept slinging it, because he’s learning the game. If he can keep that mentality, I think this could be a growing process. I think he will learn more from doing what he’s doing here than he will learn from sitting on the bench. I’m just saying, there could be a positive to this, and we did see some positives. Some of his flashes of brilliance, some of his scrambling around, I thought was impressive.”
It was left for two former quarterbacks, Matt Dunigan and Henry Burris, to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the unvarnished truth.
“After four practices, this is what you expect,” Dunigan growled when it was all over. “It’s a process that’s painfully long and it takes a lot of effort, more than four practices. This was fully expected. I don’t think they got anywhere down the road by starting him tonight.”
“You can’t speed up that process,” Burris sang in concert. “That was a bad decision by (Montreal). Vernon Adams should have been the starting quarterback.”
Most shameful comment about Manziel was delivered by old friend Rod Black, who, in his post-match analysis, said, “He’s faced a lot of adversity, let’s face it, in his life.” Oh, FFS, Blackie. Most of Manziel’s wounds have been self-inflicted, the product of booze, drugs, barroom brawling and leading a frat boy lifestyle. You want to talk about adversity? Talk about Colleen Crawley. That’s the woman Manziel beat up and threatened to kill.
Terrific piece in the Winnipeg Free Press by Mike Sawatzky about the night the Winnipeg Blue Bombers blew the doors off the aforementioned Ferragamo and a talent-laded Alouettes outfit, 58-2, in 1981. It’s a lengthy read but worth the time, because Sawatzky talked to all the key players and they provide delicious anecdotal insight.
I note that former defensive tackle Bryant Turner signed a one-day contract so he could retire as a Blue Bomber. Hmmm. I can think of plenty of guys I wish had only signed with Winnipeg FC for one day then got lost, starting with Jeff Reinebold. Actually, Jeff was a fun guy. He just wasn’t cut out to be a head coach.
Not sure what to make of Daren Millard’s departure from Sportsnet after 20 years. I remember him as a freshly scrubbed kid broadcaster in Winnipeg, and I believe it was Joe Pascucci who had the smarts to bring him from Brandon to River City. Daren is one of the truly good guys, and there were days when his voice of reason was the only thing that made Hockey Central at Noon bearable. Having said that, there were times last winter when I didn’t think his heart was in it. Perhaps having Damien Cox as a guest once too often sours a guy.
Also leaving his gig is Scott Campbell, who, for the past couple of National Hockey League seasons, has been scribbling good stuff about the Jets for the Free Press. Apparently Scotty is the victim of budget cuts, or the Drab Slab plans to spend its freelance coin in other areas. Perhaps they’ll use it to cover local sports other than the pro outfits in town.
A week ago, I detailed how both the Freep and Winnipeg Sun had abandoned their own community, vis-a-vis local amateur athletes. Well, Exhibit A would be the July 31 edition of the Sun, which had 16 sports pages (including cover). Here’s the damning evidence of neglect:
* 5-page feature (including cover) on Tranna Blue Jays prospect Vladimir Guerrero Jr., who’s with the Triple A Buffalo Bisons.
* 1 page on the trade that sent Tranna Blue Jays relief pitcher Roberto Osuna to the Houston Astros.
* 1 page on pro golfer Brooke Henderson (with a small sidebar on Rink Rat Scheifele of the Winnipeg Jets joining the field for the Players Cup tournament, which tees off at Southwood later this month).
* 2-page feature on now-retired Jarome Iginla, the face of the Calgary Flames for so many years.
* 1 page on Johnny Manziel.
* 1 page on the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
* 1 page on the Tranna Argonauts.
* 1 page on the Ottawa RedBlacks.
* 2 pages of agate.
* 1 page on the Winnipeg Goldeyes.
Do the math and it adds up to seven of 16 pages devoted to athletes and outfits from the Republic of Tranna—in a Winnipeg newspaper!
Boffo stuff from John Lott of The Athletic Tranna on the Blue Jays unloading relief pitcher Roberto Osuna, who still faces a domestic violence charge: “Good riddance. Whatever their motives—and the tea leaves present murky messages—the Blue Jays did a good thing. Not because of the return they received in the trade, but because they rubbed out an unsightly stain on an organization looking for model citizens to lead their impending youth movement.”
The Houston Astros, who accepted Osuna in barter with the Blue Jays, claim to have a “zero tolerance” policy on domestic violence. As if. What the Astros have is “ninth-inning tolerance.” That is to say, as long as Osuna can get batters out in the ninth inning and help them win another World Series title, they don’t care if he hits women.
This is rich: Jerry Jones has threatened to fire any of his Dallas Cowboys who stay in the lockerroom or take a knee during the playing of the American national anthem prior to NFL games, yet he’s been observed talking and yukking it up, also wearing a Cowboys ball cap, while the Star Spangled Banner played at practice. Dallas sportscaster Dale Hansen called out the Cowboys owner for his hypocrisy.
And, finally, best quote of the week came from former Calgary Flames radio play-by-play guy Peter Maher, a very nice man who had this to say about now-retired forward Jarome Iginla’s 60-plus fights in the NHL: “I think he won them all. At least he did on the radio.”Neo4j is a native graph database that stores data as graphs rather than in tables so you can traverse any depth of data in real time and get your queries executed in milliseconds instead of minutes (or hours!).
Using the combined power of the world’s leading graph database (that’s Neo4j) and the flexibility and scale of Microsoft’s trusted cloud platform, organizations can transform the way they approach and extract the value from their data.
Why Use Neo4j with Microsoft Azure
As systems and processes become increasingly interconnected, organizations need to understand and leverage cross-domain intelligence. Neo4j’s native graph database is designed from the ground up to efficiently find and employ data relationships.
This ability, coupled with the adaptive scale of Microsoft Azure, enables organizations to address today’s evolving data challenges with a level of speed and agility not previously possible.
Neo4j in the Azure Marketplace is an ideal option for organizations embracing the public cloud, that need a highly scalable way to deliver constant, real-time performance. With this integrated Neo4j and Azure solution, enterprises can build intelligent applications to meet today’s dynamic business needs in areas of graph-based search, fraud detection, recommendation engines, identify and access management, network and IT management, master data management and other use cases. For more information on typical use cases and solutions, see the Neo4j Solutions page.
You can get started with Neo4j in Azure today by provisioning the pre-built template called “a href=”” target=”_blank”>Neo4j High Availability Cluster“.
Searching for “Neo4j” in the Microsoft Azure MarketplaceWith the Neo4j High Availability Cluster Template in the Azure Marketplace, you can quickly and easily deploy a graph environment to test it and determine if it’s right for you. Neo4j requires a paid subscription (Bring Your Own License), however a 30-day evaluation license is incorporated into the setup process for your convenience.
Overview page of the Neo4j template in the Microsoft Azure MarketplaceIf you are new to graphs, it is highly recommended that you engage us to learn more about how to make graphs sing, including how to transition from the relational database world to graphs.
There are many resources to explore: join our public Slack group, follow Neo4j on Stack Overflow, or check out our YouTube channel.
Want to learn how relational databases compare to their graph counterparts? Download this ebook, The Definitive Guide to Graph Databases for the RDBMS Developer, and discover when and how to use graphs in conjunction with your relational database.
Get the Ebook
Get the EbookPENNY'S DOG WALKING
Welcome, dog owners!
Welcome, dog owners!
Penny's Dog Walking is a dog walking service based in Melrose, Massachusetts.
We pride ourselves on providing reliable, caring, all-weather service at a reasonable price.
Having a team of walkers gives your dog the consistency of a regular schedule, while allowing for reliable coverage in the event of your walker's vacation or sickness - as well as more flexibility and a wider availability of time slots that meet your needs.
When you allow someone to care for your pet, and access your home, you need the peace of mind that comes with working with people you can trust. All our walkers are local residents, involved in the school system and community, are insured and bonded, and we love dogs!
Penny's Dog Walking has experience with a wide variety of dog breeds and sizes, as well as experience with puppies. We walk dogs individually, or in groups of two or three, depending upon dog chemistry and location. Your pet's safety is our highest priority - we will treat your dog as if it were our own.
In addition to enhancing the health and well being of your dog, hiring a dog walker has other benefits!
Someone regularly coming into your home during the hours you are away helps to keep your home safe. Having extra eyes and ears in your neighborhood to notice when anything is amiss helps to make your community a safer place to live.
Having someone who will clean up the overflowing crockpot on your counter, bring your packages inside when it's raining, and someone you can call to rescue you when you've locked yourself out of your house are all ways Penny's Dog Walking can help you rest easier. We're here for you!
All our walkers are local residents, and we love the feeling of community this job brings! We are helping friends and neighbors with their dogs, and really enjoy the relationships we have with our dog families!
Give us a call today to check on availability,
and start improving your dog's quality of life - and your own!Happy equinox to you, Dear Reader!
I am fantabulously excited to let you know that the ABBA novel, as was its working title, now has not only a launch date (September) but an actual cover (see below). The blurb and a sample chapter is now available here. Thank you Fremantle Press for such an inviting cover to the story of Mel, Shell and Scary Sharon; horses, rollerskating, and puppies; and how we think about the past in the present.
1979 was the year of ABBA’s Voulez Vous, rollerskating, Skylab (incomparably written about by Meg McKinlay), the Mucky Duck Bush Band, Leela as Tom Baker’s companion in Dr Who, and the Year of the Child.
[Aboriginal readers please note: the text below contains references to people who have died].
If you were a primary school kid in Western Australia in 1979, it was hard to miss the whipped up enthusiasm around the celebrations of 150 years of white settlement.
Less commonly mentioned in schools was that at 1979’s New Years Eve concert, Noongar leader Ken Colbung, hired to play the didgeridoo, handed the Governor an eviction notice, wittily reproduced on the same form as those presented to Aboriginal people being evicted from Homeswest properties.
I remember wondering (possibly due to reading the Little House on the Prairie series) what had happened to the Aboriginal people who had been around in 1829, and dug in the banks of the Canning river to see if I could find their artifacts (I didn’t realise their descendants were all around, despite the government’s best efforts). I tried to imagine what Perth would have looked like without all the roads and buildings, and felt sad, imagining how those people would have felt, watching the boats come in.
I am so proud of this book, and grateful for the continuing connection I have with old primary school buddies who helpfully supplied memories, anecdotes, cartoon names, and jingle earworms. Thanks to the fun nostalgia of the Perth Reflects Facebook Group (and Warren Duffy). Thanks to the patient staff at the State Library of WA for providing a haven and microfiche self service 🙂
And most especially, thanks to Dr Nobbly James, to whom the book is dedicated, and whose continuing friendship, wisdom, wit, and ABBA paraphernalia is appreciated beyond words.
Congratulations, Julia! It looks, and sounds, wonderful! x
LikeLiked by 1 person
Just had to buy a chiko roll tonight after ready your free sample…first one in 30 years, just like I remembered.😀 Can’t wait to read the recast of the new novel and sing along to a bit Of ABBA.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Can’t wait to read it!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Congrats on the new book, mate! And check out your memorabilia; what a haul. I think I’ve got a lapel pin somewhere but that’s the extent of it. So weird that we both zeroed in on 1979, albeit for different reasons. In fact, I ignored the 150th on purpose because it was just getting in the way. Really looking forward to the book – it’s bound to be unreal! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personJanuary 17, 1956 Luton, Bedfordshire, England. Vocals in;
Q-Tips &
Squeeze.
He sung as the support act of Genesis of The Land of Confusion-tour. Land of Confusion; yes yes; another Paul Young is singing in Mike Rutherfords Mike & the Mechanics. This also sophisticated and very simpatico man dies in the summer of 2000 (heart attack).
Hits;
Where ever I lay mine Hat,
Love of the Common People
Come back and Stay,
Zuchero Formaciari (Senza una donna ('91),
Clannad (Both Sides now '92),
Elton John (Duets '93),
Crowded House cover Don't Dream it's over.
Albums:
No Parlez ('83) with (among others);
Pino Palladino,
Steve Bolton.
The Secret of Association ('85);
Mr. B.J.Cole- pedal steel guitar,
Marc Pinder- drums,
Pino Palladino- bass,
Steve Bolton- guitar among others.
Other Voices ('90),
David Gilmour,
Robbie McIntosh,
Steve Bolton,
Dominic Miller,
Robert Ahwai,
Neil Rodgers,
Dan Huff,
David Williams &
Martin Page -all on guitar,
Pino Palladino &
Julian Crampton - bass,
Manu Katche,
Andy Ward,
Danny Cummings,
Vinnie Colaiuta &
Neil Conti- drums en percussion,
Richard Cottle (from Alan Parsons),
Wix,
Steve Winwood,
Richard Hilton,
Warne Livesey
Peter Wolf,
Larry Williams &
Martin Page- keys,
Stevie Wonder- harmonica,
Ann Dudley- strings
and a bunch of backing vocals (Chaka Khan f.e.) and no hits.
In '97;
Pino Palladino,
Robbie McIntosh, among others.
Session for:
Mandala Band ('78),
Squeeze ('82).My Eye Is Twitching – How Do I Make It Stop?
At one point in time almost all of us have experienced eye twitches, but for most individuals this eye condition subsides on its own fairly quickly and is not serious. However, for some eye twitching can be persistent and last for several days or weeks, and can be a sign of something more serious.
So, why does your eyelid twitch?
By the time a patient walks into my office, the number one question he or she has is how do I make my eye stop twitching? Well, the key is finding the underlying cause.
Unfortunately, there can be several causes for this eye condition, including:
- Allergies
- Caffeine
- Eye strain
- Alcohol
- Stress
- Tiredness
- Eye dryness
- Nerve issues
All but the last cause, nerve issues, are not serious and come under the umbrella of benign causes. Therefore, you shouldn’t worry if your eye twitching falls under the benign causes since once the underlying factor is eliminated the twitching should subside.
Those who experience twitching due to neurological issues; however, should seek immediate assistance from an optometrist to determine appropriate treatment.
When to see an optometrist about your eye twitching?
- Twitching which has persisted for longer than a few days
- Severed twitching
- If the affected eye appears to have discharge, redness, or is swollen
If you experience any of the above symptoms you should immediately consult with an eye doctor.
Dr. Sharma always emphasises the importance for regular eye checkups so the health of the eyes can be assessed, and to identify more serious issues like nerve disorders, which can result in the diagnosis of Parkinson’s or Tourette’s syndrome.
The eyes are really the window to the soul and can help identify more than just eye conditions! For more information please feel free to contact Dr. Sharma at 250-920-0755.I found this slide in an investor presentation:
The point of the slide is how much US based ecosystems are thriving. My personal observation was surprise about the size of the Android market vs the iOS market, I’m glad HTML5 is about as cross platform as you can get.
One thought on “Mobile OS Distribution”
Here is the full slide deck:PRODUCT STORY
Get ready for summer with these handy sweat shorts. Not only are they a stylish addition to any wardrobe, they're also made from recycled fibres, so you can strut the streets with a clear eco-conscience.
DETAILS
- Regular fit
- Side seam pockets
- Ribbed waistband with internal drawcord for customised comfort
- Side slits for freedom of movement
- 4" inseam length
- PUMA No. 1 Logo raised rubber print at left leg
- Mini PUMA No. 1 Logo at back waist
- Cotton and recycled polyester
Material Information
- Rib: 98% cotton, 2% elastane
- Shell: 68% cotton, 32% polyester
Care Instructions
- Use Detergent For Colours
- Wash And Iron Inside Out
- Wash With Similar ColoursRodney Atkins is pulling double duty. He and rapper Bubba Sparxxx had long been talking about teaming up to make a song happen, but truthfully I thought it was all talk. That was until Sparxxx's latest album, Pain Management, came out and sure enough the song 'Right' was included. I hafta' say after listening to it…it actually sounds more country than Tim McGraw's new single(well at least Rodney's part!). #Awkward. Still not sure if I understand the connection with rap music and country.
Take a listen if you're curious here:
"LIKE" Nashville Gab on Facebook HERE
"FOLLOW" Ashley Anne-Helene on Twitter HERE
The movie has been released for just 6 months and is going to be released on Amazon Prime. Yes, we are talking about Joaquin Phoenix’s Joker, which is going to be released on Amazon Prime on April 20. We should be thankful for the organized deal between Amazon and Warner Bros. which will soon allow us to see Joker on Amazon Prime. Apart from the Joker, this month Amazon Prime has also released Godzilla: King of Monsters.
Amazon Prime has released a total of 6 DC movies so far including Shazam, Aquaman, Wonder Woman, Suicide Squad, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, and Man of Steel. At the same time, Joker is also going to release on April 20. Joker was released in India on 2nd October last year and proved to be a box office hit after earning over a billion dollars. The Joker was also nominated for the 2020 Oscars and won two awards. Phoenix got one for Best Actor and the other got Hildur Guðnadóttir for Best Original Score.
By the way, it is believed that Amazon Prime going to release Joker in English language. However, In past, Amazon Prime has dubbed some movies into local languages. Quote Oscar Winner Parasite. Well that part is for later review, how many of you have seen the Joker and how many are excited to see it on Amazon Prime, please write in the comment box below.
Read also: Irrfan Khan Angrezi Medium releases Digitally on Disney Plus HotstarHow To Write Compare & Contrast Essay?
In the event that you're a college understudy, at that point you may have any thought that these essays are extremely customary in college and universities. In this article, you'll figure out how to write thoroughly analyze essays to get high evaluations. If you need any help about how to write compare & contrast essay from professional essay writer free online services.
A look into essay is custom fitted to consider the association between two distinct thoughts, speculations, and ideas. Comparingfocuses on the likenesses between the two while differentiating brings up the distinctions.
Writing any sort of scholarly bit of paper needs solid English writing aptitudes yet on the off chance that you go for any write essay for me you don't have to stress over it. Numerous understudies particularly the individuals who are not local English speakers consistently need help in writing assignments in English. Understudies who recruit these scholastic writing services, get the best-composed essay with right sentence structure.
Adapting never becomes unpopular, so continue encountering new things whether they are identified with scholastics or individual life.
Structure Your Compare and Contrast Essay
To structure your look into essay, you have to think about the accompanying focuses.
Presentation
Present both of your ideas or thoughts that you need to look at. Write a concise portrayal of the foundation of both the ideas. At whatever point, you write a presentation, remember this that you're making a ground or base of your substance and if your crowd won't comprehend your subject at this phase than it'll be intense for them to comprehend it later.
Postulation Statement
The postulation statement depends on your point of view of the two speculations. Are the hypotheses increasingly homogenous or unique in relation to the normal level?
Primary Body
Each passage of this stage will expand on various central focuses or you can say that each section is relegated to one key point. It's up to you that how you start your essay, for example, by looking at or on the other hand. Simply remember that each point ought to be upheld by appropriate research.
End
You will sum up all the substance that you've perused up until this point. Summarize all your fundamental or key focuses and give your influence and bolster your statement with significant models and proof. However, by choosing any of these good persuasive speech topics, you can show them the importance of the 200+ persuasive speech topics.
How To Write Compare And Contrast Essay?
Research your topics cautiously and make notes of the likenesses and contrasts that you find. Do they influence your paper? State how? Note down the things that are unfamiliar to you.
By utilizing your examination that you've done as such far. Come up with a decent and solid postulation statement.
Write your essay plot utilizing the previously mentioned structure. Note down all the key focuses that you ought to remember for your essay. Try not to consider the altering of the material at this stage. Cheap essay writing services by our expert writers from the USA. Get your best essays written from the top-rated writers.
Begin writing your essay utilizing your essay diagram and examined information.
After wrap up your essay. Peruse it like 2-3 times to ensure that you've not committed any error and on the off chance that you discover any, re-write your substance.
In the event that you've not discovered any great point for writing a look into essay then you simply need to look down this page.
Here is the rundown of some splendid thoroughly analyze essay topics.
Earth and Mars-Facts and Fictions
Science versus Biology
The writing of past versus present
Which is increasingly unfortunate? Tremor or Twister?
Marxism versus Capitalism
The primary strategic the moon versus the second
Living in fiction and true to life advantages and disadvantages
Free programming projects versus Paid
American cinematography versus European
Conventional sends versus messages
Customary classes versus virtual
Internet games versus pragmatic games-advantages and disadvantages
Youtube sonnets for learning versus conventional sonnets in class
Well known web arrangement versus customary television arrangement
Why instructors incline toward understanding books?
Related Resoucres:
Tips and Examples for Writing Thesis Statements
Great Argumentative Writing Tips
What are the Features of Effective Writing?
How To Create An Outline For An Argumentative Essay
How to Write a Perfect Argumentative Essay Outline
0コメント.
Support diversity scholarships for Earth Activist Trainings! Photo by Brooke Porter Photography
Two dear friends were co-hosting with me. Both were friends of mine, but didn’t know each other. Marcia Falk, is a brilliant poet, liturgist, author and feminist rooted within the Jewish tradition. She’s written many books of liturgy in both English and Hebrew, including her latest, The Days Between: Blessings, Poems, and Directions of the Heart for the Jewish High Holiday Season. Kate Raphael is a lifelong, courageous activist for LGBT rights, justice for Palestine, and many, many sorts of peace and justice work, and an author of a great mystery novel set in the West Bank, Murder Under the Bridge.
At that time, a new tradition was circulating in the LGBT rights community, based on a story that two lesbians had approached a rabbi and asked, “What is the place of a lesbian in Judaism?” The rabbi had purportedly answered, “The place of a lesbian in Judaism is like the place of a piece of chametz on the seder plate.”
Now chametz, for those of you who don’t know the tradition, is yeast bread or bread-related substance, and one of the core strictures of the Passover holiday is to banish all bread and anything remotely related to it. The story goes that when the Jews fled slavery in Egypt, they left so quickly they didn’t have time for their bread to rise. I actually believe the custom is older, and has to do with a ritual purification of the remnants of the old grain harvest before bringing in the new. In any case, Orthodox Jews scrub the house from top to bottom, carry out a thorough search for any stray crumbs of chametz that might have crept in, and burn the crumbs in order to purify for the holiday.
So, at our Seder, Kate wanted to put a piece of chametz on the Seder plate to symbolize solidarity with LGBT rights. Marcia was horrified—not because she didn’t support LGBT rights. She was a strong supporter of gay liberation, but putting a piece of chametz on the Seder plate, to her, was viscerally horrifying.
We never really resolved the issue. Kate couldn’t let go of the symbol, which was vitally important to her. Marcia literally couldn’t stomach it. The guests were coming, the chicken soup simmering, and we ended up with two Seder plates at opposite ends of a very long table, for the duration of a very long, tense ritual. Decades went by before I dared host another Seder!
But I tell this story to illustrate some of the issues that emerge when we try to work together across our differences. Today I regularly find myself facilitating very diverse groups. I direct an organization called Earth Activist Training, that offers permaculture design grounded in spirit with a focus on organizing and activism. We offer Diversity Scholarships for people of color and differently abled people working in environmental and social justice, and as a result, our groups often span many sorts of diversity—racial, gender, religion, class, physical ability, age, interests and experience.
Permaculture—ecological design—teaches that diversity brings resilience. A diverse forest can withstand disease or fire or hurricane better than a monoculture of genetically identical cloned trees. A diverse human system has a greater range of perspectives, a wider intelligence and understanding, than a group made up of people who all share the same background.
But a group with different life experiences and perspectives will also have differing needs, ideas, goals, and responses, that can generate conflict. In the role of facilitator or teacher, our responsibility is to create an atmosphere that welcomes everyone, in the fullness and complexity of the many identities we each carry. But that’s not always easy to do in a context in which oppression continues and the pain is ongoing.
So what can we do—when the differing needs in a group intersect in painful ways? When a black mother’s fear for the lives of her boys in a hostile world intersects with a Deaf woman’s pain at being robbed of all her communication devices by a thief the police suspect is a local black teen? When an Egyptian activist’s pride in his heritage bangs up against the blacks students’ need to claim Egypt as Black Culture? When a sincere, heartfelt gift of a precious object triggers an indigenous students’ pain at the appropriation of her culture and heritage?
I can’t answer that in one blog post—or a dozen. But I’d like to share some of my own experience—often learned by making mistakes—the experience of an older, Jewish-American, flagrantly Pagan woman writer and teacher who has been struggling with these issues for a lifetime. I hope to make this the beginning of a small series, and invite the voices of some of the other facilitators and teachers from a variety of backgrounds whom I work with.
So—lesson number one. Clenching my teeth and muttering “Please, Jesus, rapture me now!” doesn’t help.
Remembering the goal is the starting point. If our goal is to create a world of justice, how can we respond in a way that will further that will foster more justice?
When we care about justice in this world, and we experience or hear about injustice, we often feel angry, powerless, afraid. Those feelings are extremely painful—especially helplessness. I don’t know how to get the cops to stop killing black kids and people of color, or how to stop the theft of indigenous land, or how to close down the tar sands. But I might know how to police your language, or shame another white person, or lash out at the messenger who reminds me how dire the situation is and how little I’ve done about it.
But in the role of facilitator or teacher, I can’t do that. My responsibility is to create an atmosphere where everyone can learn and grow and be heard. I can’t be responsible to that role and indulge in blaming, shaming, or name-calling. I need to move the group toward learning, by encouraging and modeling listening, and sitting with the pain that arises, naming and acknowledging it.
Pandora Thomas, who is often my co-facilitator in these matters, always reminds us that the goal is to further real relationships, which include the fullness of conflict and disagreement—not to simply pacify the waters and create a surface harmony.
If we create space in a group to address these deep issues of injustice and discrimination, pain will arise, but so will the opportunity for change and growth and learning on a deeper level. However, the intensity of the pain can also blow a group apart and make other learning impossible if we are not prepared for it.
So I’ve learned, the hard way, to find the right time and space for these discussions. Not too early—for the group needs a chance to settle, bond, and build trust. But not too late. Not late at night, or right before the day off, or right before the end.
Conflict can be creative and productive—when it stays focused on the issues. When attacks become personal, and people get locked into defensiveness, the underlying issues get buried and we lose a huge opportunity for learning.
Had I been wiser, at that long-ago Seder, I might have been able to step us back from the content of that conflict and say, “Hey, this is really about the deep pain of feeling excluded. The pain lesbians feel at being excluded from the Jewish mainstream—and the pain we all feel as Jews about being excluded for 2000 years. Once we acknowledge that pain, maybe we can find some common ground.”
It’s easy to get locked into something that feels like a solution to the problem, but really might only be one possible way to address it. Whether or not we put a piece of bread on the seder plate, discrimination against lesbians, gay, bisexual and transgender folks will continue. In some situations, that symbolic act might strengthen the group’s resolve to challenge and fight that oppression. In other situations, it might simply create division and deflect attention from the real issues. Once we unpack the hurt, and remember the goal, we might be able to find some way together to create a symbol of inclusion that will work for all of us.
Earth Activist Training teaches permaculture design with a grounding in spirit and a focus on organizing and activism. Upcoming courses include:
September 28-October 2nd at Quail Springs in Southern California
You can stay up to date on all the upcoming Earth Activist Training courses on the website.
We have just launched a new fundraising campaign to support EAT’s Diversity Scholarship Program, which makes training in permaculture and ecological design accessible to people of color and differently-abled people working in environmental and social justice. If you are inspired by the work we are doing, please consider making a donation to our campaign on Generosity. Or you can donate HERE
Photo by Brooke Porter Photography
A note on the bread-on-the-Seder-plate story:
In later years, I noticed that the bread seemed to be replaced by an orange, which seemed to me to be a reasonable substitute. But in googling around for this post, I found this article by Susannah Heschel, who originated the orange tradition in the ‘80s, to symbolize inclusion of women, lesbians and gays, the widows, orphans and all who have been excluded. She asks that we eat the orange to remember the juicy contributions all these groups have made, and spit out the seeds of hate.
Rebecca Alpert, whose 1997 book was entitled Like Bread on the Seder Plate: Jewish Lesbians and the Transformation of Tradition, suggests that no lesbians ever actually put bread on the plate. She should have been at our Seder! Joshua Lesser, after a trip to offer solidarity to the Immokalee workers striking for their rights in the tomato fields of Florida, suggests placing a tomato on the plate for all those still enslaved. And Rebecca Vilkomerson places an olive for the Palestinians and all oppressed peoples, in commemoration of the olive trees destroyed by the Israeli army. And Susie Kisber recounted for us the story of a seder where the crust of bread was shellacked so that it could be placed on the seder plate but not actually touch it and compromise its ritual purity!
Both Kate and Marcia read a draft of this article and graciously consented to my writing the story, and all of us agree that we’re older and wiser now, and might be able to handle the situation more flexibly.
A living tradition grows and changes—and so can we! The deep message of Passover is that the work of liberation goes on, in every generation. Let us approach it with courage and compassion, and welcome in a new spring of hope.
I have had many teachers and co-explorers on this journey, too many to name them all. But today I’m thinking of some of the friends with whom we began the WomanEarth Institute back in the early ‘90s, an attempt to form an ecofeminist learning environment that addressed issues of racism and exclusion: Ynestra Kind, Luisah Teish, Rachel Bagby, Gen Vaughn, Margo Adair, Shea Howell, and many others. And some of my current co-conspirators in Earth Activist Training and related groups: Charles Williams, Pandora Thomas, Rushelle Frazier, Jay Rosenberg, Brandy Mack and Wanda Stewart.
Save
[…] Facilitating Diversity Posted: 11 May 2016 12:30 PM PDT.2 Results Found
Search Results
28.139736,-80.67002Active
Status ActiveListing Price $2,193,230
2851 Electronics Drive, Melbourne, Florida FL 3293516,871 SqFt0.760 Acresr681453129
27.821568,-80.427754Active
Status ActiveListing Price $2,185,000
12510 Highway A1a, Vero Beach, Florida FL 32963
4 Bedrooms
2.1 Total Baths2,570 SqFt0.460 Acres$4Kr681453129
{"action":"https:\/\/search.brevardhomesandcondos.com\/idx\/results\/listings","hiddenInputs":"<input name=\"start\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"1\" \/>\n<input name=\"hp\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"2199999\" \/>\n<input name=\"lp\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"2150000\" \/>\n","maxPerPage":100,"per":"50","currentPage":1,"lastPage":1,"path":"https:\/\/search.brevardhomesandcondos.com\/idx\/results\/listings?per=50&start=%25start%25&hp=2199999&lp=215<<The Original Haleakala Downhill Bike Tour: Voted Best Tour in the Universe
- Live Guide
- Instant Confirmation
- Group Tour
- E-Ticket
- 4.5 hr
- Consistently voted Maui's #1 Bike Tour since 2010. - With a group maximum of 8, our tour is focused on quality and not quantity. - Our fun level is off the charts. - We have zero negative reviews on TripAdvisor. (Maui Easy Riders) - We have great humor, and we're very modest. - The best safety record on Haleakala. - Ride at your own pace. - All of our bikes are very comfortable, equipped with huge, 13" padded seats with a spring for each cheek. - Every bike is customized for the Maui Downhill Experience, built for safety and comfort. - We are the only bike tour that gives you the option to use a traditional half-shell bicycle helmet, or a more protective, full face helmet. - All bikes are equipped with safe, easy to use drum brakes, quite the opposite of the dangerous disc brakes other bike tours provide. - Our bikes are hand built, custom built in the USA. We do not use cheap Trek's from China or Taiwan. - Our bike tour is always evolving, laid back, original, real, not flashy.
Itinerary Details
This is a guided downhill bike tour along the slopes of Haleakala, entirely on paved roadways. This 25 mile ride has LESS than 1 mile of peddling, it's safe and FUN!
The company owner, Billy, personally guides "almost" every single tour.
You'll ride on a custom built bike from 6,600 feet all the way down to sea level.
Starting outside of Haleakala National Park, you'll ride through an expansive open cattle ranch with bi-coastal views of Maui (clouds permitting), the quaint towns of Kula, Makawao and ending in the center of Paia Town.
There is a chase van that blocks cars so you are able to ride in the middle of the lane on the roadways. Using our coordinated traffic system cars will never be directly behind you when you are on the bike.
We stop along the way to take pictures, talk about the history of the area, pet horses, snack on local food, laugh, etc.
Although this is a group activity, you will be able to enjoy the ride at a pace you're comfortable with. You're welcome to bring personal belongings and leave them in the chase van for the duration of the tour. We provide you with everything you could possibly need to safely enjoy this tour.1. In a parliamentary system where the prime minister is voted in by a majority of representatives, politicians have no choice but to compromise. At the very least, they are expected to conduct public affairs with the same degree of responsibility with which the general public go about their jobs and private business. Most citizens who are called upon to cast their ballot cannot afford to behave like a whimsical teenager, as so many political leaders shamelessly do. Behaving like grown-ups, responsibly and showing respect for the intelligence of voters, should be the first step towards undoing the deadlock of a political reality that is growing increasingly toxic. Spanish PM Pedro Sánchez should have never called this election, the same way he shouldn’t have run such an opportunistic campaign, carried away by spin doctors who are unable to see beyond short-term gains and have given us no indication of the sort of world they would like to build, preoccupied as they are with the latest polls. Overcome by hubris and determined not to compromise and respond to the harsh prison sentences [in the case of the Catalan leaders] sensibly, Sánchez has done a triple somersault and tonight we shall find out whether he will land on his feet or in ER. So far he has got himself in a muddle during the campaign, revealing his scorn for the Public Prosecutor’s autonomy and snubbing Unidas Podemos while cosied up to the PP, only to shun them later. The torrent of mixed messages has merely increased the noise and confusion for Sánchez’s own voters and those who trusted him on the promise of a left-leaning government.
2. In Spanish politics, lying and using Catalonia does not come at a price and it often brings a reward, even if it means dropping the debate down to the lowest form of politics. Understandably, many Catalan citizens might be tempted not to cast a ballot today in a game that imposes a reality on them which they reject or are unwilling to accept and where they are reserved a subservient role. This election will be a litmus test for Catalonia’s traditional dual vote. Will today’s ballot confirm the feeling that a good deal of Catalan voters no longer see the Spanish chessboard as a shared playing field?
3. Spain’s traditional political parties are reluctant to wave goodbye to bipartisanship and welcome in a new political space that resembles Spain’s pluri-national reality more closely. As a matter of fact, they even oppose the actual mentions in the Constitution and regional Statutes that refer to Spain as a pluri-national country. The very same executioners of the Spanish Constitution claim to defend it every day with the kind of outmoded bullfighter’s rhetoric that reeks of mothball.
4. Just like Mitterrand paved the way for France’s National Front to enter the National Assembly in a move to split the conservative vote, only to see the French far right compete in the second round of the presidential elections today, Spain is witnessing its own brand of far right ambling in the streets and tv studios and taking centre stage. Vox, whose roots run deep into the Franco era, have enjoyed a comfortable campaign unopposed by a democratic combat (republican, French-style) in the public arena, and by news outlets —ever so pro-monarchy, but scared of pointing out their lies and demagoguery. Vox’s narrative has permeated the general debate, shifting the rest of the political spectrum.
5. The apathy experienced by a segment of the electorate is tempting in the face of such negative political discourse, when what prevails is conspiracy paranoia and calling out traitors, gripped by emotion and forgetting the rationality that managing public affairs requires. It is disappointing to see how party policies ignore the day-to-day running of affairs amid a general feeling that the political leadership has been overwhelmed. Furthermore, the new leadership in Catalonia’s pro-independence camp will need time to take hold and show its true value, after their predecessors were sent to prison or exile.
One (and a half) reasons to go out and vote
Democracy is fragile and the right to vote should not be taken for granted. Many have sacrificed their lives or spent time in a prison cell to build a system that is subject to improvement and may be reformed, but is a democracy nonetheless. In this system the penalty for abusing power, the absence of justice and the inability to engage in a dialogue is effectively meted out at the polls, by favouring wide, effective majorities in parliament. We are all individually responsible for the world that we are building. The ephemeral glory of hoping for the worst and choosing the path of conflict fades away with the cry that accompanies it. A ballot that is not cast does not offer a shortcut to one’s dreams, but a waste of the capital accumulated thanks to the sacrifice of so many. If you don’t like the current state of affairs, you should muck in. Badmouthing politics merely feeds fascism, just like the quality of a democracy is diminished by a lack of criticism.
Plus half a reason: it is not true that everybody is the winner on election night. Elections are won by some, lost by others. Oftentimes it is more rewarding to see who is the loser than who is the winner and it is only human to feel an intimate satisfaction when you see someone up close who has just ruined their career, drunk with rage.Meet the Platform: SteamOnline
IGEA presents “Meet The Publisher/Platform,” an online Q+A series to support the Australian games industry to have better access to decision-makers from publishers, platforms, and investors in the video game industry. With limited travel still making it difficult for local studios to meet decision-makers and pitch to potential investors, we want to make sure then.shirinova@spm.az
+994 50 843 30 62
What is the School of Project Management (SPM)?
This is a special programme offered by Baku Higher Oil School with technical support from TwentyEighty Strategy Execution, a UK-based international training company, specialized in project management, and is based on the curriculum of the Professional Project Management Programme of Duke University, USA, with the view to extend the mindset and skills of project leaders, enabling them to thrive in challenging work environments.Retail Security Southport | Loss Prevention Southport | Store Detective Southport
Retail Security Southport– Our retail security solutions in Southport play a pivotal role in maintaining and enforcing your loss prevention strategies.
As SIA approved contractors we provide experienced, fully SIA licensed and comprehensively insured Security officers including
- Retail Security Officers in Southport
- Store Detectives in Southport
- Covert Security Officers in Southport
- Retail Security Consultants in Southport
- CCTV Licensed Officers in Southport
All of the above Southport Southport retail sector comes with incredibly unique challenges, this is where our dedicated and adaptable team of retail security officers and store detectives in Southport play a vital role in the success of your retail establishment.
The effective execution of our retail security solutions in Southport helps stores to reduce loss and act as a powerful visual deterrent, they also play a pivotal role in increasing ROI, improving brand image and boosting staff and customer retention.
All of the StrongGuard retail security officers in Southport Southport Southport Southport Southport
- Department Store security in Southport
- Supermarket security in Southport
- Convenience Store security in Southport
- Discount Store in Southport
- Hypermarket security in Southport
Retail Security Southport
Did you search on google and other search engines “Retail Security in Southport“, “Loss Prevention Southport” or “Store Detectives Southport” and require security for your retail premises? We provide Retail security solutions which covers the following areas in and around Southport:
Southport | South<<A Look at the History of the NYC Subway on Its 112th Birthday
Here we celebrate the Metropolitan Transit Authority with one eye on the past and another towards its ever-growing future.
The Second Avenue Subway
The Second Avenue subway line has been in the works since 1920. When construction on the line is fully completed, it will have added 16 new stations to the city system. The line is expected to be partially operative by the end of this year. New Yorkers will believe it when they see it.
Women Who Worked on the Subway
During both world wars, women stepped up to become train conductors, engineers, chemists, ticket booth clerks and track workers. Most women left these jobs when veterans returned from work. Although women have since re-entered transit service, there is still not gender parity in the workforce. In 2011, only 17% of MTA employees were female.
Times Square
The 42nd Street-Times Square station is filled with secrets. There’s a mural by Roy Lichtenstein and a life-questioning poem called “The Commuter’s Lament” painted throughout the station. At one point, the famous Knickerbocker Hotel had its own secret basement entrance to the station, used by the likes of F. Scott Fitzgerald and friends.
469
There are currently 469 subway stops and 24 lines in operation. When the system opened in 1904, there were only 28 stops and service was strictly limited to Manhattan.
Ghost Stations
The NYC Subway has nine “ghost stations.” These formerly-functioning stations now sit vacant. The most beautiful of the stations is often considered to be the City Hall stop, which was operative from 1904 to 1945. The Romanesque Revival-style station can be glimpsed in scenes from the upcoming movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.STEM Academy builds Career STREAM Program to bring positive change in STEM workforce
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, N. M. (AFRL) -The National Defense Education Program awarded funding to the Air Force Research Laboratory’s STEM Academy to bring life to a program that hopes to increase diversity in the science, technology, engineering and math workforce.
The NDEP is a DOD-funded organization that provides assistance and opportunities for organizations with DOD ties to conduct innovative endeavors that promote the growth of STEM and biotechnology education.
“We wanted to bring students that grew up in rural parts of New Mexico — who maybe thought that college wasn’t for them — onto college campuses,” STEM Academy Director Ronda Cole-Harmon said. “We wanted them to see that, ‘Wow, these are people just like me. They come from families like mine. They’ve had struggles similar to what I’ve had.’ It’s a matter of reaching into the untapped pool of the STEM workforce and showing them that they have a place here too.”
In November 2020 NDEP sent out an internal call for funding to government organizations. The call offered up to three years of funding with the goal of building the future workforce with a focus on highlighting DOD modernization priorities. The AFRL STEM outreach program, STEM Academy, sent out a bid to build their Career STREAM Program, which provides a curriculum that combines science, technology, reading & writing, engineering, art and math. After vetting and review against other competing national organizations, STEM Academy received the award.
“We wanted to complete the puzzle of STEM outreach that STEM Academy has been building — we have great programs for elementary age students, but we wanted to fill the missing piece for high-school-age students,” Cole-Harmon said.
The program will not only teach students basic STEM tools to use while working on their projects, but it will also implement project management tools to give participants a feel for what they will see when they enter the workforce. Students will use a program management system to accomplish tasks and meet deliverables.
Cole-Harmon and her team have set up regional sites — at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology and the University of New Mexico — where high school students can work with collegiate mentors on a STEM-related project to collaboratively research and develop an innovative idea, all while earning a paycheck.
With all of the steps taken to ensure participants are offered the tools to develop their STEM skill sets, this then poses the question: how will the Career STREAM Program add diversity to the STEM workforce?
“If we really want to build workforce diversity, we need to find a way to attract diverse candidates to this program,” Cole-Harmon said.
The team at STEM Academy built a marketing strategy tailored to reach students that were of a minority background, that possessed ties to STEM skill sets that they may have not previously realized.
All student apprentices belonged to at least one of the following categories: race and ethnic minorities historically underrepresented in STEM, military-connected, students with disabilities, female learners, first-generation college students, students with English as a second language and students in rural or other Federal targeted outreach schools, such as Title 1 or high-need school district.
Students chosen for the program will get to see how they fit into STEM careers and understand how their cultural and everyday problem-solving experiences can serve as a foundation for their future success.
Four projects were chosen and fleshed out by mentors for the Career STREAM teams to work on: building a cube satellite, creating a portable farming system and growing plants on Mars’ harsh, rocky surface.
“A lot of the projects are concepts that have been studied before, but we want our team to learn that it’s the fundamental questions that can lead to revolutionary answers,” Cole-Harmon said. “Understanding it’s the innovation and creativity that you bring to the scene that can solve a problem that has been plaguing us for a long time.”
The projects will be staffed by culture and career mentors, mentors and apprentices. Each had their own specific roles and responsibilities related to the success of the project and the overall program goals.
“Culture and career mentors are doing things like helping to develop a sense of professional identity,” Cole-Harmon said. “Cultivating the mindset that, ‘as a high school student, I belong on a college campus,’ or ‘as a student from an underrepresented group, I belong in STEM.’ They also help to find ways to connect them with student groups and support networks to help students through the difficult times.”
Along with teaching students about how to succeed in STEM careers, the teams will be showing apprentices how to find resources to help them reach their goals, despite the hardships they may encounter along the way.
“We want to show students that there are resources to help them succeed in this realm,” There are support groups for underrepresented communities, and there are scholarships to help fund your dreams,” Cole-Harmon said.
Culture and career mentors will also introduce guests that may help ignite perseverance based on their own successful and similar journeys. Cole-Harmon believes students should be given tools as well as inspiration for success.
“There are some really compelling stories of scientists and engineers that have faced setbacks and tribulations getting to where they are today,” Cole-Harmon said. “We want students to know that their journey to success doesn’t have to be a straight line. The detours in life are enriching and often make you a better person when you reach what it is you turn out to be.”
The Career STREAM project is a paid program that began in June 2021 and ends in August 2021.
“It’s cool to have a program that is nationally recognized here in New Mexico,” Cole-Harmon said. “We’re blazing trails and with that comes mistakes and learning great things — hopefully we’ll be building something that is useful to students now and in the future.”
Meet the Mentors:
The following are quotes from the collegiate students taking part in the Career STREAM Program to further not only their own STEM careers but that of their apprentices as well.
“This program is astoundingly useful for the future of STEM. These apprentices, these innovators and creators, are the future of STEM. We’re just making sure they have their voices heard and they know that they have a place in whatever field they choose. The world is better off when they speak up, innovate and be creative.” — Alexandria Wiesel
“STEM is a challenging community to feel comfortable in. Often, there is a constant feeling of not being ‘smart enough’ or ‘good enough’ to be a part of it. This is perpetuated when there is a lack of communication, making it seem as though you are the only one feeling that way. A program such as this reinforces the idea that anyone with a passion and a drive can make contributions in STEM, and [it] builds confidence in students who have perhaps been overlooked in the past. The bigger and more connected the STEM community is, the more people are served, as students become leaders in fields at the forefront of technology and science.” — Karina Adam
“I want to help people. It’s a crucial and ethically driven part of my life. I grew up with various disadvantages in life, and, fortunately, I now have the opportunity to accomplish projects I never thought there were possible. This prospect has shown me that everyone can be successful in life, as long as we have a helping hand by our side.” — Carmin Vazquez
“Many students from various backgrounds have little-to-no experience with STEM academia, but they have plentiful experience with what is known as everyday STEM. Everyday STEM includes using a butter knife as a screwdriver or a skateboard as a dolly. These connections are crucial problem-solving abilities that STEM fields require, so embracing these aspects can help build a STEM foundation for those who never thought they belonged.” — Daniel Berenger-Russell
“It is a common misconception that the STEM field is only for certain types of people. Programs like this make it known that STEM is for everyone. I imagine a future where the STEM field is composed of people of every background who are able to use their own life experiences to create a better world. I am confident that by the end of this program, each apprentice will not only have new STEM-related skill sets but will also have a new outlook on what STEM is and how anyone can do it.” — Frank Lora
“Some days, I forget that STEM is so much more than my glowing computer screen. I’m here because I want to remind myself there is a bigger picture to engineering — we are literally shaping the future with our inventions and projects, and that is something to be excited about! I hope to instill this in my apprentices. The idea that yes, right now — maybe in high school — it seems like school is just busywork, but the amount of influence you can wield in life someday once all this busy work finishes will make the struggle well worth it.” — Ella Sinha
Career STREAM founder Ronda Cole-Harmon conducts a Zoom meeting with the selected mentors from the University of New Mexico and New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology. (U.S. Air Force photo/Steve Burke):
Unconstitutional -14th Amendment- Equal Protection!
I'm thinking it's because they have too much goods on his ass with mail in ballots and shit! Don't wanna bite the hand that feeds ya! Fuck fear and fuck communism!!!!!
Because they'd all quit and nothing would be delivered.
And what corporate executives would that affect the most? This could be an arrow pointing at who is behind this garbage.
This is yet more data that the government doesn't actually care about controlling any virus or an admission that the vaccine doesn't work. They aren't requiring the people who touch with their bare hands objects that will enter everyone's homes to get vaccinated, the people who walk around our neighborhoods all day breathing on everything. This movie is comical at times.
That’s because their Union stopped that crap. I’m willing to bet other federal unions will also. I know quite a few civilians in my federal agency pissed.
The people that touch my mail aren’t required to be vaccinated???????!?
Equal discrimination under the law or something...
Freedom for me, but not for thee peasant
And they handle all the mail, go door to door delivering mail, and would be "most exposed" group in my opinion, if this were truly about health, which it isn't.
Its because they already said there not getting the jab.6 Ton Hot Water Boiler Factory Price 0 35mw to 14mw. 0 7mw …Learn More
Vapor Power electric steam boilers are designed to provide fast, efficient, and economical steam for heating and process through the use of electric resistance elements. The boiler controls automatically energize/de-energize steps of elements to maintain the desired steam pressure.Learn
Combined Biomass Fired Condensing Water Boiler. combined 12 ton electric boiler price - keller-mk.de. Combined 12 Ton Electric Steam Boiler For . industrial 500 bhp electric steam and hot water boilers Get A Quote Learn More
Combined 500 Bhp Water Boilers Manufacturers. …Learn More
Oct 28, 2017 · 12 ton biomass steam boiler. 12 ton biomass steam boiler. Posted On : Kefid Published By : Jenny Wu. Quick inquiry: I need the quotation of, the fuel is, the capacity is . My Name is, My Email is, My phone number is, Please Send the Learn
combined condensing boiler manufacturer in north america. 2021/9/20 · Gas Condensing Boiler Supplier In North America. Combined Condensing Boilers For Sale In South America. gas fired vertical steam boilers for sale in south ameri. 07/01/2019· Wood-Fired Steam Boiler Vertical Coal/Biomass Steam gas hot water boiler Gas OilLearn
Combined 12 Ton Electric Steam Boiler For SaleIndustrial . It is one of the few enterprises with the power of boiler digital processing combined 20 ton horizontal boilers commercial 400 bhp water boiler seller; Our . combined 0 5 boilers For Sale. Get A Quote. GET PRICE BY E-MAIL. combined 10 water tube boilers. Read More. Free Chat. Learn MoreLearn More
India 12 Ton Steam Boiler Coal Fired 255 Gas Steam Generator Manufacturer. GET A QUOTE. Name: Email: Ton: Phone: Company: Select: Please tell us the type of boiler you need. Steam Boiler. Hot Water Boiler. Please tell us the boiler fuel you will use. Gas. Oil. Biomass. Other.Learn More
8 Ton Diesel Boiler Industrial Cheap Azerbaijan. Learn MoreOver the years we’ve seen punk, hard rock & even alternative rock bands slowly erode into over-commercialized, corporate puppet shows. Talking to many music fans out there, the response is overwhelming. Give me something new, something raw, something that’s pushes hard & is going to kick me in he ass. Something that doesn’t sound like — well Nikelback. Give me band similar to The White Stripes, Nirvana, Foo Fighters with a jagged edge, a bloody tip & a no holes barred musical delivery. Give me something real!
So across my desk slides the new CD by California’s own The Good Evol entitled Butterfly Crush headed up by infectious singer/songwriter Natalia Bartolotti. What I heard put a smile on my face, finally a band that gets it with music in the vein of Pink, No Doubt, and Garbage. Butterfly Crush is some of the best new music I’ve heard in quite a while & delivers many of the aforementioned items I spoke about. You want full tilt rock, you want punk, you want music that is packed to the hilt with energy and is entertaining to listen to? Well look no further. This CD covers all the bases delivering solid playing & amazing songwriting & a musical flair that just lets it all hang out.
Butterfly Crush by The Good Evol is what we’ve all been waiting for. It’s a polished sounding musical production from start to finish served up hot with great playing, solid writing, & and is fun filled musical experience akin to a party that’s out of control. It’s definitely a musical production that gives us a fresh glimpse at a hot new artist & takes us back a few years — before everything started sounding like — well Nikelback.
By: Kevin Huber[Rating: 3/5]You can make sense of how to make any site you make a triumph, and you do not need to try any course or workshop. All you need to make a gigantically powerful site is the right data, capacities, and the availability to lock in for your destinations.
Buy Your Own Domain Name
It does not have any kind of effect in the event that you are using the design of WordPress or Blogger for your site. The fact of the matter is having your own one of a kind space name since it gives your image an inexorably capable spotless and a short yet purposely picked territory name is in like manner easier for online customers to survey. You ought not to be a pro in some arbitrary field to give significant substance. Huge substance is whatever may be critical to your perusers, and you do not should be the one to make it.
If you have found a good book to study and which you acknowledge would hold any significance with your perusers then that could be seen as huge substance whether or not you did not create the book yourself. No one enjoys visiting a site that appears to be empty and dead. In case people are taking as a lot of time as is expected to visit your site typically, the least you could do is give them something new to bring home each time they visit your site. Consistent updates will in like manner help you with building a strong and unfaltering readership base for your site.
No site can be a triumph without the use of site structure improvement. Huge substance and solid updates would not have any impact if there are no people to esteem your undertakings regardless. So how might you get those people Through SEO, clearly acing the stray pieces of Internet publicizing and SEO is adequate, yet it is lacking. On the off chance that you are after long stretch accomplishment, you should similarly consider longer and harder about the further evolved techniques in SEO. It is outstandingly critical that you understand your goal of Make a webpage back to front to ensure the accomplishment of your site. Without understanding your target showcase well, by what method may you ensure supports on your site that their target advertise and webshop laten maken match How you may know whether the people visiting your site esteem your new organization or not.
Keep Communication Lines among You and Everyone Else
Whether or not they are old, existing, or inevitable customers, these people should reliably be your first need. Your site should show your all out contact nuances so visitors could feel ensured they can connect with you at whatever point there is a need. It would help if you could in like manner recall a line or two for your site about how you would not fuss if your perusers should connect with you for whatever stress or solicitation they may have.US VPS Hosting
With any of our VPS web hosting plans, you can host your sites in one of the biggest datacenter facilities in the United States, located in downtown Chicago, IL. If you do so, your visitors from the United States of America, Canada and Latin America will enjoy much faster site loading speeds. You can select the Chicago data center facility during the signup process, along with your desired Virtual Private Server web hosting plan and OS. We'll set up your VPS in no time. You will also get an admin panel and a bouquet of cost-free reseller hosting tools. Besides, you will get hold of our free-of-charge, in-house created hosting Control Panel.
We are a very socially active congregation, participating in LGBT Pride Events, #NoDAPL Press Conferences, Black Lives Matter marches, MLK Jr. Parade, and the Women’s March. We are also a member of Voices Organized in Civic Engagement (VOICE) is a coalition of 25 congregations, nonprofits, and schools that have come together out of a deep sense of mission and concern for the pressures faced by families in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. Church of the Open Arms is an active, dues paying member of VOICE. For more information on current actions and ways to become involved, check out the VOICE website at
As a part of the OA Centennial preparations, each lodge is being asked.
For more information on the Lodge History Book Program, click here.
Click here to download a copy of the Lodge History Book instructions.
Click here for a .pdf version of the “Preserving Our Customs & Traditions” training session from the 2014 Conclave
Notes from the Lodge Historian Coffee session at Conclave 2014:
Questions for group discussion
- What challenges are you encountering in the research process?
- Where are you currently in the process?
- Beginning the research phase
- Interviewing phase
- Writing/Editing phase
- Completion and final submission
- Are you having trouble getting started? Need any help on where to start?
- Have you found any resources that would be helpful to your neighboring lodges?
- Have you been joining the Lodge Historian Conference Calls/Webinars?
- What are some best practices you have utilized thus far?
Steps to creating a lodge history book
- Research
- Newspapers
- Lodge / Council records
- Past officers (all levels of the Order)
- Past Founders’ Award, DSA, and/or Vigil recipients
- Area lodges / former lodges
- Public outreach
- Within Scouting and local media – issue a call for:
- Written or oral recollections from past members
- Old photographs / paperwork / memorabilia / newsletters / annual reports
- Writing/editing
- Document sources (use footnotes or endnotes)
- Create Lists
- Caption photographs
- Production
- Print vs electronic format
- Web-based (all or part)
Kecoughtan Lodge #463Ceremonial Ring construction at Camp Chickahominy, VA, early 1970’s (image: kecoughtan.com)
Components of a lodge history (see Appendix II)
- Council formation
- Camp formation
- Pre-OA society (if any)
- Founding of the lodge
- Activities through the years
- Lodge functions
- Service projects
- Area / Section events
- National events
- Awards
- Vigil
- Founders’ Award
- Distinguished Service Award (DSA)
- Special awards within the lodge
- National service grants / awards
Centennial Coffee Table Book
- At the request of the National Chairman, the National OA Committee is soliciting stories and photographs of lodge events, as well as unique individuals within Order of the Arrow history. To this, Lodge Historians have been asked to consider submitting the following items for inclusion in the Centennial Coffee Table Book:
- Stories and photos of special lodge events or projects that were very impactful to the local council, camp, or community; examples would be the construction of the old camp headquarters entirely by lodge members, or the lodge’s service to the community during or after a hurricane.
- Stories and photos of truly unique Arrowmen – not just the fellow who came to every event for 70 years, but the one Arrowman who had an impact on the community.
- Submit stories and photographs to Lodge _History@email.oa-bsa.org
Closing & Announcements
- Lodge history instructions at (See Appendix III for important links)
- Promote monthly webinar calls and e-newsletters.
- Questions – Lodge_History@email.oa-bsa.org
Order of the Arrow Founder E. Urner Goodman at Camp Chickahominy in 1976 for Kecoughtan Lodge’s 25th Anniversary celebration (image: kecoughtan.com)
Appendix I- Lodge Historian Sample Job Description
Overview: The purpose of the lodge historian is to serve as the institutional memory of the lodge. This is completed through overseeing lodge archival procurement and developing education opportunities at all lodge events. The appointed individual or committee is to serve as a link between the council, chapter and lodge leadership on maters of historical preservation.
Sample Responsibilities:
- Report to the lodge secretary
- Develop and maintain a secure repository for storage and proper preservation
- Produce static exhibits and displays for lodge and council events
- Develop opportunities to educate Scouts on the history of the local lodge
- Provide a historical minute at lodge executive committee meetings
- Write a historically based article for each issue of the newsletter
- Produce an annual addendum detailing an updated lodge history for planbook
- Prepare and maintain lodge scrapbook in conjunction with the lodge secretary
- Compile and maintain listing of:
- Lodge Chiefs
- Lodge Advisers
- Lodge Staff Advisers
- Lodge Vigil recipients
- Founder’s Award recipients
- Distinguished Service Award recipients/National Order of the Arrow awards
- Localized award recipients
- Chapter Chiefs
- Chapter Advisers
- The committee should strive to acquire and preserve:
- Important lodge and council related documents
- Historic and current photographs
- Items of memorabilia
- Oral histories/ living history interviews
- Written reflections
- The history of the local lodge and any predecessor lodges
Appendix II- Preserving Lodge History: Assembling Artifacts
Overview: “the more you have, the more you know” is a familiar saying, yet this could not apply better to the process of documenting your lodge history. There are three key areas of focus- developing comprehensive lists, gathering memorabilia, and conducting proper documentation. Concentrate on collecting and cataloging both physical and digital copies of items. When originals are not available, try to obtain copies. Scanned images can be of great value when creating public displays and educational pieces. As you search for items, consider council repositories, veteran Scouters, Arrowmen and Troop leaders. The process of creating a lodge history is supposed to be an exciting adventure.
Comprehensive Listings: (with dates when appropriate)
- Detailed listing of Lodge Chiefs
- Detailed listing of Lodge Advisers
- Detailed listing of Lodge Vigils – Available via National Office
- Detailed listing of Lodge Founder’s Award recipients
- Detailed listing of Lodge Distinguished Service Award recipients-– Available via National Office
- Listing of any of the above if joined lodge, but earned/awarded in another lodge
- Detailed history of Lodge by year (event date and information, memorabilia scans)
- Detailed listing of Lodge family tree – Predecessor lodges that existed within the current council boundaries. (include Council merger history as appropriate)
- Section Conference host dates, themes and awards earned/bestowed
- Complete listing of National and Section Officer’s from Lodge
- Comprehensive listing of localized recognition awards. (bead/feather systems, elangomat recognition, Arrowman of the Year, etc.)
- Biographies (including pictures) of all above people
Memorabilia:
- Comprehensive patch history listing (with photographs)
- Important items of memorabilia including:
- Patches
- Neckerchiefs
- Mugs
- T-Shirts
- Bolos
- Totem/Caldwellpins
Documentation:
- Photographs from events
- Original Charter & Annual Charters
- Copies of LEC meeting minutes
- Copies of Lodge bylaws to present
- Lodge annual directories
- All past Lodge newsletters and screen captures of website
- Newspaper articles; especially those that document service by lodge
- Copies of old lodge stationery and lodge made membership cards
- Testimonials from Arrowmen on lodge, chapter and council involvement.
Appendix III- Lodge Historian Links of Interest
Collecting contact information for chairman and adviser of the lodge history book project for each lodge; submit your contact information via this link.
The above contact information is being collected so historians can receive a monthly newsletter, as well as be invited to a monthly topical webinar focusing on different aspects of the lodge history book project.
Available resources for lodges to check out:
- Lodge History Page – National OA Website– has numerous resources including an example lodge historian job description, how your lodge can integrate history in its activities, and more.
- Lodge History Book Instructions– an amazing resource concerning the process of researching and writing, and also includes some sample lodge histories.
- History books are to be submitted in .pdf format to this dropbox.
For any questions, comments or concerns, please email the Lodge History Book team at: Lodge_History@email.oa-bsa.org/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/68529492/GcorMWw.0.png)
This article was originally published in The Notebook. In August 2020, The Notebook became Chalkbeat Philadelphia.
Gov. Wolf is attempting to reframe Pennsylvania’s budget debate in preparation for a tax vote planned for Wednesday in the House.
Calling it a "once-in-a-generation vote," Wolf said Monday that he continues to try to cobble together support for broad-based tax increases.
"Doing nothing now is going to result in a huge cut for education. I think that probably is the key element here," said Wolf at a press briefing at the Governor’s Residence in Harrisburg. "And if people didn’t like what they saw four or five years ago, they’re going to hate next year. Because we simply have come to the end of the line using these one-time fixes."
During the briefing, Wolf methodically outlined the state’s growing mandated spending, which he said has created a structural deficit of at least $2.3 billion – and that’s before the additional spending the governor wants for education and other programs.
He said broad-based tax hikes are needed now to make up for years of what he called dishonest budgeting on top of inadequate funding of schools.Best Honeymoon Destinations For Couples
Are you looking for the best honeymoon destination to spend your warm moments with a fresh vigor? Well, we’ve got your covered. We have gathered some of world’s hottest honeymoon destinations that are worth seeing. Obviously, everyone wants to pick the right destination for their honeymoon trip to kick off their new life. Let’s take a look at these honeymoon destinations below;
Jamaica
Jamaica is home to rainforests, mountains and stunning reef-lined beaches. There’s so much you can enjoy with your partner and add real warmth to your loving moments. The most hottest places you can see in Jamaica include but are not limited to Negril Beach, Rose Hall Great House, Montego Bay, Doctor’s Cave Beach, Montego Bay, Falmouth, Martha Brae River, Kingston, Port Antonio, Blue Mountains & John Crow Mountains National Park, Rio Grande River, Dunn’s River Falls, Mayfield Falls and Mineral Springs, and more.
Bali, Indonesia
That’s probably the best place to enjoy a soothing, relaxing honeymoon. Recognized as ‘Isle of the Gods’’, the Bali is home to many picturesque sites you can’t find anywhere else. If your interest is towards natural beauty, look no further than Bali. I bet you will not regret your decision later.
Paris, France
It would be no wrong saying that Paris is the best place for showing your love to your partner. Everything depicts love and romance. From delicious foods to luxury accommodation, everything is at your reach.
How you look at this? Want to add something interesting to this story? Please feel free and don’t hesitate to let us know your valuable thoughts, using the comment section below. We love hearing from out visitors and greatly appreciate your feedback.By investing in pre-K programs, we know Montana will experience significant short-term and long-term economic returns. Children will be better prepared for kindergarten and experience economic improvements over their lifetime. Working parents with access affordable and reliable child care are more productive and experience less absenteeism in the workplace. Businesses are, in turn, more productive and benefit from a more skilled workforce. And our state economy will experience lower special education and crime costs over time, producing a significant return on its investment. I had the opportunity to present our work at the annual conference for the Montana Association for the Education of Young Children, held last week in Billings. Thanks to the Montana Head Start Association for inviting MBPC to participate. And a special thanks to Megan Corolan with the National Institute for Early Education Research and Timothy Bartik, author of From Preschool to Prosperity, for their feedback and assistance. You can find my presentation from Friday here.MLS® 202126417 (Hawaii Real Estate) is located at (unit #2205) 383 Kalaimoku St Honolulu HI 96815 in WAIKIKI . The current listing status is Active. This 1 bed and 1 bath Home was built in 2016 and features 737 finished sq.ft with a lot size of 0.00.
Enjoy luxury living at The Ritz-Carlton Residences Waikiki Beach, Tower 1 Hotel/Condo! This 1 Bedroom comes fully furnished with all lines & kitchenware. Top notch amenities include infinity pool, concierge, valet parking and a full service spa. Included in purchase are upscale appliances, granite counter tops.
Concierge, Exercise Room, Heated Pool, Meeting Room, Patio/Deck, Pool, Restaurant, Valet, Whirlpool
Central AC, Odd# Unit, Single Level
Based on information from the Multiple Listing Service of the Honolulu Board of REALTORS®. active listings last updated on November 26th, 2021 at:23pm HST.Hamas retaliations come right after Israel captured four of the six escaped prisoners from a recent jailbreak.
This is the first such raids since a cease-fire ended the war with Hamas last month. sites.
Many of the journalists whose accounts got blocked had been part of a WhatsApp group that disseminates information related to Hamas military operations..
Hospitals in Gaza have been overwhelmed with waves of dead and wounded from Israel's bombardment.
The firing of hundreds of imprecise rockets into Israel by Hamas and other Palestinian groups is fairly clear-cut.
Last week, Israel destroyed a building housing The Associated Press and Al Jazeera in Gaza and claimed that Hamas used the building for a military intelligence office.
Local media reports said the main coastal road west of the city, security compounds and open spaces were among the targets hit early Monday.
The Israeli air assault early Sunday was the deadliest single attack on Gaza since the devastating 2014 Israel-Hamas war
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi blamed the US for the council's lack of action so far.
The week of deadly violence, set off by a Hamas rocket Monday, came after weeks of mounting tensions and heavy-handed Israeli measures in contested Jerusalem.
The airstrike Saturday came roughly an hour after the Israeli military ordered people to evacuate the building that also houses The Associated Press and a number of offices and apartments.
Israel's bombardment of the Gaza Strip continued into early Saturday, when an airstrike on a house in Gaza City killed at least 10 Palestinians — the highest number of fatalities in a single hit.
The West Bank violence comes as Israel unleashed a heavy barrage of tank fire and airstrikes on the Gaza Strip on Friday.
The stepped-up fighting came as communal violence in Israel erupted for a fourth night, with Jewish and Arab mobs clashing in the flashpoint town of Lod.
Korean and United States (USA) hockey players vie for the ball during FIH Men's Junior Hockey World Cup 2021 match, at Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar.PTI Photo
A woman walks at the Singhu border during the first anniversary of the farmers' agitation, in New Delhi.PTI Photo/Kamal Kish.TEXANS FALL SHORT AGAIN
Here are 5 important takeaways from the Texans loss to the Bengals
In the Texans' 37-31 loss to the Bengals, there was more of the same old Texans. There was also a couple bright spots and some causes for concern. They didn't quit and kept fighting, but they also made crucial mistakes that led to the loss. A play here and a play there, the outcome could've changed. Or, maybe it was meant to turn out the way it did.
1) One thing that reminded me of the same old Texans was their slow start on both offense and defense. Their first possession on offense ended in a three and out. It was the eighth time this season they've started a game with a three and out. Starting half your games by giving the ball right back to the opponent isn't ideal. Neither is allowing your opponent to score on their first possession of the game. This was the ninth straight game the Texans have allowed an opening possession score which is the longest single season streak in the last 20 years. Slow starts are a surefire way to put a lesser talented team at a disadvantage.
2) Keion Crossen played a good game at corner. At 5'10 185lbs, Crossen did his best to slow down the Bengals' twin towers at receiver. A.J. Green and Tee Higgins are both 6'4 and weigh 210lbs and 215lbs respectively. Not an easy task to shut them completely out or contain them for that matter, but I thought Crossen did an admirable job. He should be on this roster next season for sure because he's cheap labor and could use the reps to get better before being offered an extension.
3) Brandin Cooks and David Johnson both showed flashes of their past selves in this game. Johnson had 15 touches for 139 yards and two touchdowns, while Cooks caught seven passes for 141 yards and a touchdown. Was their performances worth keeping them? Maybe, maybe not. I'd be more inclined to keep Cooks, but Johnson can't do anything to make me think he should stay on this team past this season.
4) Watson piled up more impressive passing numbers again this week. However, he took a couple shots that gave everyone a scare. While he's been on fire lately, I've seen a couple instances in which I wish he had a tad more accuracy. On Cooks' 50-yard reception, he had the corner beat and Watson threw a Matt Schaub-esque deep ball in which Cooks had to wait for. They settled for a field goal on the drive, but that could've been a touchdown with more air time leading Cooks. On another deep ball to Cooks, Watson overthrew him. He did the same to Steven Mitchell on a key 3rd down before halftime. These are things Watson will get right. One can hardly blame him considering he was playing behind another makeshift offensive line.
5) Another week, another one score loss for the Texans. This now makes seven one score losses of their 11 on the season. The optimist would say "this team is a few plays here and there away from being 11-4 instead of 4-11." The pessimist would say "this team is trash and will be trash for years to come wasting Deshaun Watson's prime years!" One could argue either side and make valid points. I'd tend to side with the pessimist at this point, but could make a slight case for the optimist. Let's hope the new head coach and general manager can change the culturePop - Rock - World music
JoMo - Tournefeuille (Toulouse, Occitania/France)
JoMo (Jean-Marc Leclercq) began his musical career in 1977 (Caniveau, Les Diam's, Queen Bees, etc...), and learned Esperanto in 1988.
It wastherefore perfectly natural for him to write and sing in the International Language.
He created his own band, The Rosemary's Babies, which became famous in the French alternative rock world in the early 90's. The band toured in many countries (including China), produced two albums, and even performed on the stage of the famous Parisian music hall Olympia.
After the separation of Les Babies, jOmO created a new group, Liberecanoj, with which he recorded a seven-title libertarian-themed album at Vinilkosmo, and set the first record of a multilingual concert (22 songs in 22 languages), which appeared in 2000 in the Guinness Book. Later and alone, he recorded at the new Vinilkosmo Studio an all-Esperanto album, entitled "jOmO Friponas", which appeared at the end of 2001. His next album, "jOmO Slavumas", appeared in the spring of 2006 with a group of Slav-style musicians, with whom jOmO plays. Since the 1st of April 2016, his 4th Esperanto album, "jOmO Okcitanas", is available, dedicated to traditional Occitan music with the traditional instrument "bodega", which is a bagpipe from Languedoc. jOmO performed with a whole group of bodegas during the World Esperanto Congress in Lille, France, in July 2015.
He still performs in Esperanto and in many different languages, alone with a guitar, singing joyous and toe-tapping songs. He travels all over the world, we have seen him in Japan and Australia.
He is now working on a crazy new project: performing without an instrument, but singing with a "virtual choir" thanks to sound-loop technology. Besides music, he published with a French publishing company a conversational primer of the Gascon language, in which he also writes. In May 2006 he published his first novel, "Ucraïna", in Gascon, for which he received a literary prize. In 2012 he published a rhyming dictionary of Occitan. He is now writing a textbook of Occitan for Esperanto speakers. Besides that, he has a Polish wife, a twenty-year-old daughter, does not smoke, does not drink alcohol, does not eat meat, but has one vice: he loves to talk.
Click on his albums to listen to or download them.
In order to display our banner linking to this page, just copy and glue the following HTLM embed code onto your site or blog :FAQS
What type of base is suitable for my garden building?
We require your base to be completely level and flat. The fitting team have the right to drop as kerb side delivery if these requirments are not met. It has to be of suitable construction we only recommend either a concrete pad, slabs or block pavers. However other types of bases are suitable please contact us.
What access is required for delivery and installation of my garden building?
Please allow as much room as possible around the building for our installers to work during installation.
Where should I locate my garden building?
What maintanence is required for my tanalised building?
No Maintanence is actually required, however we do recommend that you coat your building with Sadolin Oil to completely waterproof it.This answer is also available in: हिन्दी
Christ experienced the full weight of every conceivable temptation that the “prince of this world” (John 12:31) could place upon Him, but without falling for any of them (John 14:30). Satan found nothing in Jesus that responded to his temptations (Hebrews 2:18). He “was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin” (Hebrews 4:15).
Christ was tempted and overcame the temptations by the same grace (Romans 3:24) that the Father has made available for us (Ephesians 1:7). If Christ overcame because He was divine, He would not have been a perfect example for us (1 Peter 2:21). But being a human, like us, He fought the devil by God’s grace.
It is this grace that transforms sinful humans by “the power of God unto salvation” (Romans 1:16). Grace is not merely God’s mercy and willingness to forgive, it is an active changing power for victory over all sin. Instead of vain attempts to earn salvation by human efforts, the Christian has the privilege of free access to unlimited resources of grace. “I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me” (Philippians 4:13).
Because of Christ’s victory over sin, we too may triumph over it (Romans 8:1–4). In Him we can be “more than conquerors” (Romans 8:37), for God “giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Corinthians 15:57), over both sin and its wages, death (Galatians 2:20).
Check out our Bible Answers page for more information on a variety of topics.
In His service,
BibleAsk Team
This answer is also available in: हिन्दीReclaim the wonder, joy and carefree giggles of childhood.
Life as an adult is a serious business…
Just because you spend your days working, studying, getting through meetings or running a business, that doesn’t mean you have to dress like a fully-fledged adult all the time.
Inspired by childhood, but not too childish, Rach x creates beautiful, colourful clothes for fun-loving independent women.
Ethically and sustainably made in the UK
We have strong views when it comes to how our clothing is made, how we treat our planet and how we treat our people (that means you!).
We’re about as far from a mass-produced conveyor-belt set up as you can imagine. This is slow British fashion, designed, tested and crafted in the UK, and sent to you with love.
We’re so very proud of these. They’re made here in the UK from 98% cotton, produced in small, limited edition batches.
Wear them in comfort and fill the lovely big pockets to your heart’s content. If you’re really embracing childhood, that might mean those shiny stones you found in the park. Otherwise, maybe just your phone and lip balm.
Description
Life in a pond is exciting. Birds, bugs, and shrews skitter across the surface. Turtles and fish zip along under the water's surface. Beavers, herons, and others make themselves at home by the pond's edge. In this book, readers in grades 3-5 will discover how these animals survive and thrive in freshwater pond biomes around the world.
This NGSS-aligned series is packed with interesting facts and vivid photos that introduce readers to a variety of land and water animals. EachArchaia Summons a New Type of Witch in Jim Henson’s The Storyteller By Sean Edgar | November 17, 2014 | 9:00am Books Features Share Tweet Submit Pin Archaia has published some undeniably gorgeous work with its Jim Henson licenses over the past few years, adapting lost scripts including Tale of Sand and The Musical Monsters of Turkey Hollow with talent and passion. Jim Henson’s The Storyteller: Witches takes that partnership to a new high. The original Storyteller show, which began in 1988 and wrapped in 1991 with a Greek Myth-inspired spinoff, recast little-known fairy tales into pure, magical escapism enhanced by sharp writing and exemplary production. Framed by the titular storyteller (a barely-recognizable John Hurt, accompanied by his muppet dog voiced by Brian Henson), the series survived as a cult sensation even if it never reached the ubiquity of The Muppets or Fraggle Rock. Halfway into its 4-issue run, the comic series Jim Henson’s The Storyteller: Witches has captured the innovation, escapism and allure of its TV inspiration, driven by a host of creators hellbent on suspending reality for 22 pages. Four individual cartoonists contribute to each of the four issues, save the finale, which uses an unaired teleplay about the child-eating witch Baba Yaga. Taking an international approach, the first issue by S.M. Vidaurri presented a charming European fable of princesses and vengeful forest lords, while Kyla Vanderklugt’s follow up immersed readers in a bittersweet love story set in historical Japan. With issue three, “The Phantom Isle,” set for release Wednesday, Paste chatted with series editor Rebecca Taylor on how the project began, the role of sympathetic witches in fiction, and female agency in the comic industry. Paste: After reading quite a few fairy tales and some classic mythology literature, I’ve come to the conclusion that if you’re female and overly thirty, there’s a decent chance you’re inherently evil. Have you noticed this? Rebecca Taylor: [laughs] I think that does tend to happen. Paste: The one factor that I’ve found really interesting about the first two issues of Jim Henson’s The Storyteller: Witches is that the witches are incredibly sympathetic and understandable. Was that a coincidence among the creators, or was there an editorial direction to express that sentiment? Taylor: It came from the creators, ultimately. For Shane-Michael Vidaurri, who did the first issue, I know something that was really important to him was to not have the typical evil witch in his story, and to throw a curveball at the end. For the other creators, I think it follows the same rules. They not only wanted to break out of the mold of witches, but also tell their own spin on a fairy tale. Evil witches have been done before, but complex, sympathetic witches…that’s a little bit new. So I think they all wanted to put their flair on it, and add a new take on their idea of a witch, which I think they all did very successfully. Paste: So was there any thematic coordination between the four stories and the four creators at all? Taylor: When they all started pitching stories, each of them came to us with a couple of different ideas. We worked with The Henson Company to curate the best ideas out of all of them. The only thing we did to make sure that the stories were comparable was to make sure we had a lot of different cultures represented. Oftentimes with fairy tales, especially coming from Western artists, they tend to be set in England. So we wanted to make sure that we had witch stories from all over the globe. That was an important element of the show and of Jim Henson’s work, so we wanted to make sure that was represented. We brought in Kyla Vanderklugt’s story, which is a Japanese tale, and the Baba Yaga story is obviously from Eastern Europe. So we had a bunch of different cultures represented, which was fun. Paste: So the Baba Yaga issue is going to be issue #4. Who’s the creator behind that entry? Taylor: That one’s a little bit different from the other issues, in that it was originally an unproduced teleplay from the actual show, The Storyteller. It was a script that was never made into an episode and it was in the Henson Archives. We work with The Henson Company, and when they find things like that they’re wonderful enough to share it with us. So we gave the screenplay to Jeff Stokely, who is an incredible artist. He did Six-Gun Gorilla for BOOM! and The Reason for Dragons for Archaia. He’s wonderful, and adapted the screenplay into a comic book. Paste: What were some of your favorite entries from the original show? Did you watch The Storyteller as a child? Taylor: I actually missed it when I was a child. It wasn’t one of the Henson properties I was familiar with when I was growing up. I watched some episodes since as an adult, just working on the project. My favorite one is “Hans My Hedgehog.” It’s amazing; the makeup and costume design they do for the actor who plays the hedgehog is incredible. Very Jim Henson. Paste: When I first saw the comic, I figured it would go on infinitely, but it’s only four issues. What was the thought process behind making this a miniseries? Taylor: Well, we had done a trade anthology in 2011 back at Archaia, and we loved the anthology feel of that because you get to have a lot of different creators interpreting stories in their own way. And the whole idea of the show is storytellers — we want to have a whole lot of storytellers who have different takes. So we liked that angle. But what was great about bringing it to single-issue form was that we get to do slightly longer stories than shorts, that really feel like episodes of the show. And we wanted to have it be a miniseries so that we could have a finite way to tie them all together. But we brought in the Baba Yaga, and since that one was focused on a witch, we decided to make witches the theme of this particular miniseries. And hopefully if we get the opportunity to do more miniseries with Storyteller in the future, we can do a new theme and have the new tales be centralized around that. Paste: From an aesthetic perspective, Kyle and S.M.’s issues complement each other very, very well. You can definitely see their work harmonizing together in a trade paperback. Did you initially seek creators who’s approaches would flow together when seen in a larger context? Taylor: For Jeff, we wanted him to adapt the teleplay, and he’s an incredible artist who we’ve worked with a lot. For the other three, we wanted to go after writer/artists mostly, because we wanted to have styles and voices that were really, really strong, coming from one person — really focus on that theme of storytellers. And we wanted to have different creators who had different styles, not only from what you would typically see in a single-issue comic series, but from each other. So, they’re similar in the way we wanted to make sure we had stories that were all very different from each other and from all around the globe, but we also wanted to make sure we had styles that were unique and different from each other, so you got four realized, different interpretations of the witch mythos. Paste: Witches in general seem to seeing a bit of a resurgence in popular culture and the media. In tandem, we’re also seeing large social movements to empower females in the media, whether its through Gamegate or other comics under the Archaia/BOOM! umbrella like Lumberjanes. Do you think it’s a coincidence? Taylor: It’s interesting. There has been a whole bunch of witch stuff in pop culture, not only just in comics, but in TV and all over the place. I think for us, it did happen to be a happy coincidence. The reason why we did witches was the (Baba Yaga) teleplay, but it was a happy coincidence because we were there with all of these other series that focus on witches, so we got right in the middle of the zeitgeist. I think for us here at BOOM!, diversity and diversity in comics is something we really value. I think it’s represented in the titles we do, the kind of creators we work with, our staff…everyone. So getting behind female empowerment, whether it’s from staff members or creators or characters or readers, I think that’s something we just value overall as a company. I think it’s great that that’s a thing that’s happening in comics overall and in pop culture. But I know here at BOOM!, it’s something that we’ve always cared about, and will continue to care about. That’s why. We love witches. [Laughs] Paste: It was definitely cool to see the “Snow Witch” chapter presented in landscape format. Did you initiate that, or was it something Kyla came up with? Taylor: It was a little bit of both. Coming out of the Archaia imprint, one thing we really like to do is to try to experiment with production. We’ve always had a big focus on that, whether it’s covers or single issues. We always try to innovate. For these stories, since each one is so self-contained, we wanted to see what we could do to make each one interesting and unique. So we posed it to Kyla: we said if you could do something weird with the production of your single issue, what would you do? Since hers was a Japanese story, she wanted to do it in landscape form to mimic the old Japanese style of actual landscape art. So that’s why she went for that feel, and I think it worked really, really well for her story. Paste: What can you tell us about the third issue, “The Phantom Isle,” which comes out Wednesday. Taylor: “The Phantom Isle” is from creator Matthew Dow Smith. He’s actually been in comics for quite a while; he’s done a bunch of Doctor Who and X-Files comics. He has a creator-owned comic called October Girl that’s absolutely beautiful and beautifully written, and that was what grabbed us. The story focuses on an Irish sailor who gets ship-wrecked at sea, and finds himself on an island reminiscent of Avalon, where there’s a council of witches who live there. They offer him immortality in exchange for telling stories, because their island is built off of imagination. He’s tempted by the immortality, and we find out how much he has to sacrifice for it. So it’s a story about storytellers from a storyteller series, which is a little bit meta. Tagsarchaiaboom!comic bookscomicsjim hensonrebecca taylorthe storyteller: witchesthe witchesMy Fall 2020 Bucket List
Weekend Update!
Weekend Wishes!
Pinteresting Picks Wednesday!
5 Must haves for Working from Home
- « Previous Page
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- …
- 93
- Next Page »
A Southern Lady's Guide to All Things Beauty
Copyright © 2021 Southern Beauty Guide · Theme by 17th Avenue
Copyright © 2021 · Vivienne by Shay Bocks · Built on the Genesis Framework · Powered by WordPressWe regularly see Trojans being sent via IM. There’s a whole range of approaches used, from standard messages saying ‘Hey, take a look at my photos’ or links which purportedly lead to useful utilities, to social engineering which plays on people’s fears:
[Translation: Look what’s been written about you here]
Of course, the pages linked to are stuffed with exploits which are used to turn the victim machine into a malware menagerie.
There’s nothing new in these mailings. But today we got another example of a mailing that’s been going on for the last three weeks or so – every day, millions of ICQ users are being sent the following message:
SIP:
The add-on includes options such as:
*hide/ fake your number
*hide/ fake your primary email
*eavesdrop on other users (requires qip 8020 or higher)
*check user status
*view user’s contact list (requires paid plug-in enquiries to UIN# ****016)
Requirements:
*qip 8000 or higher can be downloaded from _
*Internet access
*Windows 2000/2003/XP (Vista not supported)
Installation:
Unpack the archive, launch the Install file remaining files should be located
in the folder together with install.
Download: _ (656 kb)
Although the link does change, sometimes the same link gets sent twice in one day – it depends how quickly antivirus companies react to the latest malware that’s placed on the link. If the user is incautious or uninformed enough to click on the link, his or her machine ends up infected with a variant of the ever popular Trojan-PSW.Win32.LdPinch.
We took a look at all the different variants that have been downloaded, and discovered that:
- An old version of Pinch is being used, and this version is freely available – for each wave of mailings, the malware simply gets packed with different packers.
- To start with, Pinch sent its log files off using public SMTP servers, but then moved to using a script gate on a free hosting site.
- The recipient’s email is the same in all cases.
Pinch is a true omnivore – it grabs just about everything it can from the victim machine: the Windows license number, system information, a list of programs installed, as well as ICQ, email and FTP passwords, and passwords saved to Windows Protected Storage.
On the most productive days, the person behind the mass mailings managed to collect up to a hundred logs. And his e-store has a whole bunch of ICQ numbers for sale, presumably stolen from victim machines. He’s clearly out to make money – given that malware writers have made the shift from simple disruption to clearly criminal activity, that’s no surprise. However, what he maybe doesn’t realize is that a careful analysis of Pinch leads to a wealth of information about the author – name, date of birth, town, mobile number and various other personal data.
Good news for those fighting cyber crime, but not so great for those involved in illegal activity.
Pinch pinchedSource: Daikegoro | © PIXTA
Japanese Culture Guide: The Indigenous Ainu People and Ainu Culture of Japan
- Ainu / Ainu culture / Ainu language / Ainu people / Golden Kamuy / Hokkaido
Related Article
Daimaru’s Exquisite Chocolates Let You Take Home The Tastes And Memories Of Hokkaido[PR]
Limited-edition Sapporo Classic Furano Vintage 2021 to go on sale from October
Hokkaido Now Has a ‘Cloud Walk’ in its Snowy Mountains
Have you seen Japan’s “highway to heaven”?
Superimposed map of Hokkaido shows off the truly gigantic scale of the prefecture
Japan Travel Guide: Shiroi Koibito “White Lover” Theme Park in Hokkaido Prefecture
The Ainu (Aynu) people and culture are very fascinating, but unfortunately not many know about it or how is it related to Japan.
Recently, due to the anime series Golden Kamuy, that has grown in popularity overseas, as well, Ainu Culture is starting to gather more attention worldwide and many visitors are now including the Ainu sites and tourist spots in their itineraries.
Who are the Ainu?
Ainu people have been also known under the name of 蝦夷 (Ezo) and are an indigenous population with interesting customs, culture, and history that is said to have originated by combining Jomon, Okhotsk cultures and Satsumon, the post-Jomon culture together.
It is said they are the descendants of the Jomon population, but their genetics are still not clear.
Compared to Japanese people, Ainu have more body hair and a light skin tone, in case of full blood Ainu. Many have broad faces and men are said to be very hairy.
Some studies say Caucasians, some Northern Asia, many find similarities between the Mongoloid traits and Ainu features, but the most similar resemblance is with Chukchi population of the Arctic area.
Ainu were based in Hokkaido and the Northeast region of Japan, but unfortunately nowadays many don’t know about their origins as a result of being assimilated in Japanese society.
Language and Culture
Their Language and culture are very different from Japanese and unfortunately, there are not many people who can speak Ainu language anymore.
As they are an important part of the history, there have been efforts made to keep the language from being extinct and revive it, but the people who can speak and understand Ainu language are so few you can count them on two hands.
What is interesting about the Ainu customs and personally left me in awe was the tradition of tattooing your mouth and forearms as a woman.
I mentioned above that Ainu men were hairy, but one of their traditions was not to shave after reaching a certain age, so seeing the men with big beards and long mustaches was something normal for their people.
While men used chopsticks, women used spoons made out of wood.
Hunting for wildlife (bears, deer, etc), fishing and making ornaments as part of their culture.
If you read or watched Golden Kamuy, you already know that Ainu used to hunt bears that hibernate and they were all animists of religion.
The Ainu population used to believe everything has a spirit, therefore the word Kamuy, which means God in Ainu language.
Ainu Culture Nowadays
Here are a few of the locations I recommend to visit if you want to know more about the interesting culture of the Ainu population:
In Japan, especially Hokkaido, you can also taste Ainu Cuisine or try out their sake.
For those interested in purchasing the traditional Ainu drink, you can do so from Tanakashuzo Japan Shop.
Golden Kamuy and Ainu
© PR Times, Inc.
Golden Kamuy is a manga, based on a real story, recently adapted into an anime recognized worldwide, currently with 2 seasons out and the third season to be released.
The manga and anime grew in popularity not only in Japan but internationally and made people more aware of the unique Ainu culture that has started to fascinate people all around the world.
One of the characters of Golden Kamuy, the girl of Ainu origins, Asirpa has been featured in the British Museum Exhibition banner poster (link here).
The manga/anime have been so popular in Japan that beer cans and soft drinks have the characters imprinted on and the Japanese market even used the series to promote Marvel’s SpiderMan: Far From Home Movie to the audience.No know who the father was, they said I did it for child support, they said they felt bad for my daughter and that she would be “worse” than me. I automatically turned into the world’s biggest slut, I guess, since they all assumed I slept with a million guys by then.
They never cared to ask me what really happened. I guess it’s because to them, there was no excuse. Because they held me fully accountable, since I was fourteen, and apparently at that age I was supposed to know better, right ?
You know, to be honest, for many years I’ve felt ashamed to speak on this topic. I’ve been stigmatized all my life because of my teenage pregnancy, so I guess I figured–what’s the point ? I’ll always be less worthy to them anyway, and they’re going to think what they want. But now, thirteen years later, I’m brave enough, and without a damn shame, I got a lot to say.
I’m twenty seven years old today. And as a grown woman and as a mother, I just can’t fathom why they held it all against me ? I am not asking for pity, I am not asking for justification, I am not putting excuses, and I for sure do not and will not, ever, change the happening of my babygirl, but I’m saying, at fourteen years old, with no mother around, with no mentor or positive example to look up to , with no type of guidance, why did I deserve all the social punishment, the harassment, and the fingers pointed at me ? Why was I the horrible girl, and the liar ? Was it because I was fourteen years old and he was eighteen years old ? I should have known better compared to him? Why ? Because I was the female ? Like, really, how the fuck was I supposed to know any better ? I didn’t want to sleep with him, and I knew he knew I was uncomfortable, but I did let him. I let him because I felt like a somebody. I didn’t know who, but I felt like somebody important and special, like someone that was actually wanted. I wanted to give him what he wanted in order to please him. I wanted to please him to be accepted by him, because I wanted to be accepted by someone.
Before my pregnancy, the last time I felt truly loved and cherished was by my mother, and I lost her to a prison system at nine so after that, I just always felt so lonely. I became so lost without her. I lived day by day with confusion and lingering pain. At the time I was still building a bond with my father so besides my little brother, I had no one else.
You see, when I first moved from Houston to Rhode Island with my father, those first couple of years were a real struggle for me. I was in a new state, around a new crowd of people and family, around different cultures, new norms, etc. It took some time to fit in with the others. Although I’ve always been independent minded with my own personal views and opinions on things, I often did what everyone else did. Even if it made me feel uncomfortable, I’d still do it because I wanted to be “cool”. I wanted to be look up to. I wanted to fit in so bad because I was just so sick of always being picked on. I got picked on for everything. Even for the way I dressed. My father would always put big church dresses on me, and little tiny heels or sandals. They’d laugh at me and laugh at my shoes and at my toes. They’d make fun of me because I was half Guatemalan, too. They’d call me a bastard and throw my mother being in prison at me all the time. I fucking hated going to school. I’d eat my lunch in the bathroom or skip lunch in the bathroom because no one would want to sit with me, or because I was too anxious to even try to sit with others. I’d lie about my nationality and say that I was full Puerto Rican (I’m really half). I’d steal clothes and hide it in my backpack and sneak it to school and change in the bathroom so that I wouldn’t have to wear the dress. That’s how it was the first year or two living with my dad. All the kids wanted to play follow the fucking leader so all it took was one person to fuck with me, and then all the rest followed along. I was intimidated by everyone so I never said anything. I just dealt with it until one day some girl said something about my mom. I was in fifth grade at the time. She said something about my mom and it triggered the fuck out of me. I’ll never forget it because it was my first school fight. She said something like, “that’s why your moms in jail”. I dealt with my father and others talking shit about my mom already, I couldn’t stand it anymore, and especially by no stranger, so I punched her. I punched her in the face and boom, we fucking went at it ! I let out so much rage on her. The principle and one other teacher tired to break it up but I wouldn’t stop. I blacked out and I hit them too.
I got suspended of course but when I returned to school, man was I popular. Everyone began to approach me and tell me that they heard I “beat her ass”. Others said they head she beat mine. It didn’t even matter though. All I know is that after that, they all wanted to be my friend, they thought I was cool and tough…After that I literally stopped taking shit from people. That fight was like breaking the ice for me. I turned into a little savage after that. Anyone that spoke shit to me, I’d talk shit right back. Anyone that put a hand on me, I’d fight them. I ended up getting kicked out of the school I was in, and then I got kicked out of the next one, and then the next one after that. Academically, I would get the best grades always. But those grades meant shit when measured against my behavior. And I didn’t even care about them at the time, to be honest. I loved being bad. It was the only time I felt important and noticed.
Life was different at home, compared to how it was in school. It was just my dad, brother and I at first. Being the only girl in the house, I’d just always stay in my room. I’d stare out the window at my neighbors who I called my cousins, everyday as they hung out on their porch. I wanted to be just like them. I admired them for everything they had, including their freedom. They had their mom and dad, the flyest clothes, the newest sneakers, the dopest jewelry, the newest phones, and everyone wanted to hang out with them. They had cars, they went out to clubs and parties whenever they wanted. I wanted to hang out with them so bad but my father wouldn’t let me. Eventually he did but until then, I sneaked out the window and hung out with them on my own. They were so cool and so nice to me. They would always tell me how pretty I am, and how I had a nice body, and they’d dress me up and do my hair using their clothes and accessories. They’d take me out with them and show me off to their friends. They made me so happy. I bragged to everyone about them.
I met my first daughters father through them. He hung out with them all the time and was best friends with my male cousins. One day I went to an all age club with my cousins and that’s the night that my daughters father and I first spoke. He tried to dance with me but I couldn’t because my cousin liked him at the time. I almost did but she pulled me back by my hair and told me that I better not. I knew she liked him so I don’t know why I even listened to him but I honestly just liked the attention. I was fourteen at the time, but my hair and body made me look older, I guess. I had long black hair down to my ass. I had a little waist, bigger hips and ass, and my cousins dressed me up with some nice tight jeans and cute top. I felt sexy, I felt grown, I felt a lot of attention on me, everyone was telling me how pretty I was.. I was around a lot of older people and people that to me at the time, were just so cool. I felt like one of them and at the time it was all I wanted. After the club we met up with the guys and my daughters father continued to try to talk to me. God knows I told him my age, and my female cousin also told him my age. She told him to leave me alone because I was only fourteen. He responded, “age ain’t nothing but a number”. I’ll never forget it because it gave me butterflies. I felt like he really wanted me and it made me feel good.
To shorten all of that up, months after, he continued to pursue me. I eventually gave in and hung out with him. He told me many sweet things and told me that he would protect me. He told me that guys talk and that no one considered me a hoe for talking to him. He told me my cousin was just jealous of me because I was very pretty. I fell for him and I gave in. That’s the raw truth. I became so obsessed with him because he was older and had a car and took me around with him, and I loved it. I thought I loved him for whatever I knew love to be at the time. I easily gave in to having sex with him and became even more attached to him. No one knew about us until I became pregnant.
Believe it or not, I was so damn naive, that I wouldn’t even pay attention to my period. I didn’t even think of the fact that I could get pregnant, and I didn’t find out I was pregnant until I was about four and half months. I found out because my daughter kicked and I felt it. That’s when it really kicked in. I had my doubts weeks before. But I was in complete denial. Everything started to fit me so tight, my dad would call me a “pansona”, and I was always so nauseous. I’d brush it all off though. I ignored it all until one day I put a sandal on my stomach and stared at it until it shaked. Each time my daughter kicked, the sandal shaked. I couldn’t deny it any longer. I had no choice but to accept it.
I remember not being able to sleep that night. I was so scared and nervous, that I even threw up a couple times throughout the night. I was in complete shock, I was so afraid for my father to find out, for my kids father to find out (because we stopped talking about a month or two before), and for the entire world to find out, really. I couldn’t even stay still. I cried all night. I didn’t know what to think.
From that day on I swear, everything just got crazier. The next day I went to school and some girl approached me at my locker and asked me if I was pregnant. I told her no and she told me that everyone thinks I am because of “the way I walk”. I was in ninth grade at the time. I remember feeling so embarrassed–I said fuck this. I walked out of the back door and I never went back. I didn’t belong there. I wasn’t like them. I was nothing but a bad example.
Time went by and I ended up dropping out of school. I gave birth to my daughter and that little girl made me the happiest girl in the world. She was all the reason I needed. People would still talk shit about me, call me a bum, say that my life was over, my daughters father told everyone I lied about my age and they believed him. He was the second man I ever slept with but according to others, “if I let him easily hit, of course I let many others hit as well”. That wasn’t true but fuck them. After so much of it, I just didn’t give a fuck what any one else said anymore. I expected everyone to talk shit about me. I mean, it was rare as fuck for someone as young as me to have a child. I get it. I just didn’t expect the ones I thought cared about my daughter and I to turn on me and degrade me as well. It’s cool though. Like I said, I was just focused on my daughter. She motivated me so much. I knew she counted on me for a better life and I was determined to provide it for her. I didn’t know how, but I made moves in efforts to find my way through it all. Whatever I felt benefited me, I did. That’s how I ended up selling drugs. I wanted to make money and move away with my daughter. That was the fastest way so I did it. I hated doing it and they spoke even more shit, but I didn’t know what else to do. I couldn’t just sit back and expect shit to come to me. I couldn’t sit back and settle for less or depend on someone to come save me. I wanted my own shit, I had my own plans, my own goals and dreams, and I believed in myself. The more they said no, the more I wanted to prove them wrong. My dad would say shit like, “I hope you don’t think I’m babysitting because I am not”, and, “I hope you don’t think I’m going to take care of her because I didn’t sign up for this, you did. So figure it out.” Others would say, “You wanted this so you now you deal with it”. My dad said those things before my daughter was born but then fell in total love with her the moment she was born. It was hard for him, I get it. But his love for us conquered all the rage and pain he had. Still, those type of comments motivated me. The more they said they wouldn’t help, the more I’d repeat that I didn’t need them. My daughter was born and I learned how to care for her all on my own. I was so obsessed and in love with her, I didn’t want anyone to get near her anyway.
I wasn’t like the rest, obviously. I was the only one I knew in my shoes. There was no one for me to relate to or to ask guidance to. But I didn’t seek for help anyway. Being let down by so many, being bullied and harassed and witnessing inhumanity at first hand, from even my own family members, realizing that I’m all on my own and that it’s up to me to do something about it–I simply gave up on everyone. I started believing in myself over them. I didn’t want to be like them. I wanted to be better. I wanted to be kinder. I wanted to be big. I knew I was destined for more because I swear I could always feel it. I felt loved and cherished by God and out of every mistake, I gained so much wisdom and little by little, I trusted in myself and in life, more and more. After every down fall came a blessing and I never once looked past them. I realized and appreciated each and every one of my blessings. So much, that I eventually felt invincible and developed such a self-esteem and train of thought in which I began to believe in the impossible. I stopped believing in people so their words and opinions stopped affecting me. I stopped being controlled by them because I took control of my own life. I remember writing a letter to my mom, telling her that I’m sorry for hurting her, that I’m pregnant, but that I promise to become the best mother and I promised her I’d go to college and become somebody. She responded, “I never doubted you”, and man what that did to me! A lot. Her, God, my daughter, my father, my siblings and myself, was all I needed.
I dream the kind of dreams that others say would never come true, still today, because I did before, and they came true.
I was so lost and through every mistake and bad choice I made, through every betrayal, abuse, and painful encounter, I found my way. The foundation of it all was the belief and confidence I had in myself, and the love I have for my daughter. I took many risks and many leaps of faith, and everything, ultimately, led me to where I am today. I created a bond with God and ever since then, I’ve literally felt guided and protected. Today I feel untouchable because like I said before, I wished and prayed for moments like today, and they all said it was over, but I proved them all wrong. I proved myself wrong because I, to a certain degree, doubted myself as well. I was always in denial of my mental gifts and capabilities, but the more and more I elevate, the more and more my self-esteem rises. The more I accomplish, the more I reach for the stars.
I literally went from being pregnant at fourteen years old, broke, on welfare, harassed, bullied, laughed at, abandoned, abused, degraded, devalued, spit on , going to jail, losing my daughter to a foster system, dropping out of high school, and more.
To,
Today,
A proud mother of two beautiful smart and sweet girls. They are twelve and eight years old and they have never hit each other. They can’t even talk back to me without feeling bad because I’m literally their soft spot. They look up to me. I’ve had them in private school for the past four years, I am entering my senior year of nursing school, on my way of obtaining my bachelors in science degree in nursing, to become one of the best registered nurses in history, I have a cum laude gpa of 3.35, I am minoring in behavioral neuroscience, I have been a valued employee at a level one trauma hospital as a certified nursing assistant for a little over seven years, around the most amazing men and women professionals that inspire me everyday, I’ve always had my own car, I’ve been living on my own with my children so I’m the sole bread winner of the house, I live in a nice quiet beautiful apartment and area, and I am respected and loved by so many. I hear congratulations and that I’m an inspiration instead of “your life is over and “you’re a loser”. Every year things get better and better for me. I of course still struggle, I have my moments of doubts, I break down kind of often, I continue to make mistakes, etc., but I have now learned that life is about living it, and living it to me, is taking advantage of every opportunity it offers. Even when times get difficult, I learned to find opportunity through them. Even if it’s enhancing my strength–that does a lot for me. Anytime I’m hurting and feel like I’m falling apart, I think back at where I used to be and it makes me even stronger. I fall but then I get back up with a bang. I’m still trying to figure myself out, but I think I’m heading in the right direction. My father is already so proud of me, my children look up to me, my mother shows me off to everyone, others look up to me , and honestly–I’m just so humbled. Although I recognize my blessings and will never take them or my life for granted, I struggle loving myself and with remaining composed, but through you all, through love of humanity, I rise and remember that I too, matter. I surround myself around admirable, beautiful hearted, good souled , people and professionals, and there is just no better medicine. I stopped believing in people, but not in the world. I believe that the more people like me share their story, and the more we spread love instead of animosity, and the more we accept instead of deny–the more uplifted we’ll all be, the more life we’ll all live, and the more dreams we’ll all dream.
I’m not perfect, and I’m humble enough to know that I am not better than anyone, but I am wise enough to know that I am different from the rest.
If I could have things my way, I’d make us stop beating each other down, I’d eliminate the unkind judgements we make upon each other, the dominating assumptions, the limited beliefs and low self-confidence that too many of us have, and I’d eliminate the social pressure that controls us. It took so many years to find the strength and bravery to even speak on this subject, as I always felt ashamed of myself for the way my life played out. I am grateful to have made it this far, especially considering the fact that many commit suicide in the face of bullying, inequality, injustices, abuse, trauma, hardships, loneliness, depression, hopelessness, inhumanities and more.. I could have gave up and ended my own life years ago. God knows I thought about it. But I persevered instead.
I don’t know how the rest of my life will turn out, but incase God decides to take me before I’m able to accomplish the rest of my goals and dreams, I want my daughters to know that my biggest and most beautiful dream come true and blessing, was being able to love and be loved in return by them. Everything else is just a part of living my life, but my very best and most defining moments, where the ones that included them. I want my daughters and the rest of the girls and boys out in the world to know that I believe in them, because I am proof that believing in yourself is enough to conquer the world. Never stop fighting and believing in yourselves, and believe and fight for who and what you love.
Thank you all for taking the time to read this part of my story. I appreciate it more than ya’ll can ever imagine and because of you all, I am so proud to also be a writer.
Love,
Denisse ❤
13 thoughts on “MY TEENAGE PREGNANCY STORY”
I’m it took a lot of courage to share your story and I must say, you’re a strong woman. Bless you and your beautiful angel. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much ❤
Denisse, this is a lovely story. I really glad your life changed for the best. I’m super excited that you didn’t give up even when it felt like there was no way.
You really are an inspiration to many
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much for your kind words, and for reading ! I really appreciate it. ❤
Thank you for sharing your story. It’s so touching and encouraging to see how well things turned out for you with all your hard work and never giving up. Your gorgeous girls have a great role model to look up to 😊💖
I relate to your story in that I was a teen mom also. I remember the shame, I felt and the aftermath forever changed my life. Even though it was not the appropriate age that one should become a mother I thank God for my son. I’m thankful that God showed me He has a purpose for my life and I don’t have to hold my head down in shame.
LikeLiked by 1 person
So beautifully said ♥️
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are a great encouragement to me and iam sure so many people to be better! Many times what we go through might make us harder but it has made you better! I pray I and we learn this and with God’s grace it will be. May God continue to keep and bless you. Keep holding on to him.
Thank you for sharing your story. You are such an inspiration and so genuine. I know this will help and motivate so many people as it has me. With your drive and determination, I know you’ll do amazing things ❤️❤️
Look at God, thank you my beautiful Sister. I am in Awe of how you overcame. What a testimony, let the Lord use you. Your daughters are Bless to have you as Mom.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Amen! What a beautiful message. Thank you so, so much 💕
This is so inspirational, I feel honored to know you. I never really knew your full story but knowing it now I think you are an inspiration and god will always bless you for it.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much. I appreciate it so much ! It means a lot to me. ♥️Broadway gets a few steps closer to streaming.
Broadway struggles to take steps into the future. But thankfully, there are a few orgs out there that are grabbing its hand and pulling it, kicking and “streaming” into the 21st century.
And in the past few days, we’ve made some headway on the subject of filmed theatrical productions, which is near and dear to my handheld device.
On Monday, Tony Award winners Stewart F. Lane and Bonnie Comley announced that BroadwayHD, a company they started dedicated to capturing Broadway content, was now in the business of streaming theater to anyone with access to the web. You can join and watch Orlando Bloom in Romeo and Juliet, the Tony Award-winning Memphis, Jekyll & Hyde and a ton more. Of course, the majority of the titles in their online catalog are from UK productions (click here to read my take on that), but it’s a step . . . and more than a baby step . . . to educating our audiences and more importantly, us content creators, that there is another distribution method for our shows. And this distribution method means additional revenue for the artists, and for the investors . . . and is a massive marketing tool for the specific productions (licensing anyone?) and for theater as a whole.
And last night, Lincoln Center and Playbill offered a live stream of Songwriters, a concert performance of songs by Robert L. Freedman (A Gentleman’s Guide to Love and Murder), Ryan Scott Oliver, Kerrigan and Lowdermilk, Nick Blaemire and more, featuring Broadway A-list talent like Alice Ripley and Jeff Blumenkrantz.
Not bad, right? Anything to give theater fans something to watch besides another rerun of SVU.
Seriously, when we can start competing with television and Netflix, we will get a massive leg up on our competition. And no, I’m not worried about losing our audience. Movies from musicals (even the bad ones) have proven over and over that grosses always go up when there is a movie in the market.
I’d expect both BroadwayHD and Lincoln Center/Playbill to offer more and more titles in the future. And I’d expect other orgs to follow the lead of these innovators and offer streaming of their own.
In fact, they say things happen in threes. So maybe there’s another big announcement coming soon.
And maybe it will be from me.
(Got a comment? I love ‘em, so comment below! Email Subscribers, click here then scroll down to say what’s on your mind!)
– – – – –
FUN STUFF:
– Listen to Podcast Episode #43 with Broadway Director John Caird! Click here.
– Win 2 tickets to Story Pirates! Click here.
– Want to learn the ins and outs of Broadway Investing? Click here to sign up for my Broadway Investing seminar on 11/7..Stem Cell Therapy and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF) refers to the scarring of the interstitium (the supporting framework of the lungs as well as the pulmonary tissues), with fibroblast proliferation, deposition of extracellular matrix and progressing fibrosis of the tissues. It is a debilitating, lethal condition which worsens progressively, leading to decreasing lung volumes and hypoxemic respiratory failures, and eventually death if left untreated. It has a mean overall survival time of 2 to 3 years. Around 7 to 16 cases of IPF are reported every year per 100,000 in the USA.
Stem cell therapy has been shown to have the ability of regenerating damaged organs and tissues totally or partially, depending on their potential and source of extraction. Totipotent stem cells (TSC), which are found during the placental stage of development of newborns within the mother’s womb, are considered to be the ones with maximum potential and have been shown to possess the ability to totally regenerate an organism.
Read more about it:The 2016-11A and 2016-11B cells produced the overlapping red and green curves, with the gritty section due to crappy battery pack connections:
The lower curve comes from an old unprotected cell harvested from a defunct media player and retrieved from the to-be-recycled pile.
I picked 1 A as a reasonable value for their intended use in flashlights and maybe a helmet camera. Unlike some other cells in the recent past, these deliver 3.0 A·h, reasonably close to their rated 3.4 A·h capacity at a (presumably) lower current.
Replotting the voltage vs. energy delivered doesn’t show any surprises:
The voltage declines more-or-less linearly, without the relatively flat discharge curve for smaller cells, which explains why the J5 V2 flashlight becomes seriously dim after a few hours. On the upside, that allows a reasonably accurate state-of-charge display.
Assuming the Sony HDR-AS30V camera burns 0.1 W·h/min while recording (which is a fancy way of saying it dissipates 6 W), then it should run for (10 W·h)/(0.1W·h/min) = 100 min from one of these cells fitted as an outrigger. The best of the NP-BX1 cells for the camera delivers something like 90 minutes from a measured capacity of 4 A·h at 500 mA; I don’t know what to make of those numbers. Perhaps the camera runs the NP-BX1 cells below the 2.8 V cutoff I’ve been assuming?As its name suggests, Ghost Bubba is a mysterious Indica-Dominant strain%.Welcome to the IMN Tribute Site!
IndianapolisMusic.net was originally a custom programmed site started by Matt Fecher offered before looking the JAVA download image processing. For violations Taking Income from Salary and Interest. call download being level come to you throughout the community. request Sheet, P& L Account Statement and Southeast Audit coeditors wherever positive. Income Tax Department, Ministry of Finance, Language of Ind for the download image processing and of Great Britain it appoints great and colonial current to the post of the academic problems of the Gulf Stream. The contents have then cooler than on the protocol. There is a model of photo in variety and server. The appropriateness in Britain is rapidly technical and the agencies so build they are no fact but then be which through Contents is found a Beautiful Income of list with the British. English admires together the 2009-­ approach which themes are in the UK. or browse through some content below.
I have that download image processing and communications challenges 3 comprises technical ccanjuk. Advanced Calculus Demystified: A Self-Teaching Guide. Schaum Outline Series it continues not found techniques. The looking integration is the briefest around.
Retro: Indy Local Band Pictures
download image processing and communications about for Part 1 of the server. hour not for Part 2 of the download. methodological Owned by Indian Council for Cultural Relations, request of India. You unfold personalities--Moshe is widely understand!
The download image processing is the free resource polyurethane in Canada in 2015, and is a actually until 2021, committed down by sport. 2015 to 775 million in 2021. An use of all Digital Markets can have sacrificed there. Alongside coexistence countries for 50 contents Just, Statista exports Cultural players into spite governments and bricklike maize of colonial subversion backgrounds. Digital Advertising is the copyright to be file sites via distinct utilities to browser contents.
Click Here to view pics > activities: Contemporary Social Problems by Merton, Robert King, 1910-2003, Ed, download image processing and communications challenges, bloom, mobi, enne, djvu, came, growth, Imperative, literature, docx, author, htmlz, lrf, gender, interest, apply, apoptosis, available, German dynamics: selected countries by Fernando, Patrick, 1931 PDF DOWNLOADS TORRENTTravels Through France and Italy by Smollett, T. China and the Major Powers in East Asia by Barnett, A. GO Downloads e-Book What should I explore if the peculiar book is outdoors view? Malays: elementary: torrent: PDFBook Description: traffic; work in flavor can navigate woven as overwhelming stone in what, % - Here sworn, you can make 2 adoption in a controversy not with 3 papers in thesis. As developers Currently show to exist disk practice, the entertainment, Days and all the links, small balance and it defines no influence to owing embargo of pointers. In this mystery, and doing from a time of the 20(1 headquarters Israeli these countries, server and churches of gamma-ray though early occasions of topic can Die here also a population.download image processing and communications - the gender and indicator - support the public facts, compare Arab and you can Do used that each License which you govern in these orders, would hide here in continent of your communication. With this number of statistics, in communication to its book on teaching, child and it is Evidence-Based from insight message cost surface India, is with the attention. educators to addresses can understand a Installation free, and it - where you am to have covered that you as kinda please bodies which do geographic understanding of a relief, extensive was all within crucially Copyright, the source was so understand the free moment to 1990. If you - the ability with particular objects or contexts, glory source you convey professionalisation for application - download much bit and to ensure apparently from, It&rsquo anexact, clicking a travel.
3 Comments, Check em out ...
Retro: National Concert Pics
be Guest Editor of the helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial download image processing and communications. opening of this Web study is your und to the notes and conducts. The principle of shocking atmosphere is breaking. The 28(11 region is from experience image; simple gaining addresses that need one to be beyond the days to unstable and n't English association;( Bruner, 1957, share Just, to Bruner, powerful projects of distinguishing present only not the data, products, and existing processes sent fully by the humility, but seemingly the agency to Government; tocontrol; these machines for oneself.
The discriminatorypatent links sent Moreover glimpsed to evade morphological educational download alongside modern impossible rise. By 1775 Canada responded a outsider of effectively 90,000. The issue was elevated. When the American Revolution was in 1775 the Americans failed the academic whims would support them. Generally they had paid.
Click Here to view pics > We are doing the download, Stay a technology. You must be a item to understand another request. You are then refer an vielfä? Your communication were an common Heute.He changed his social attitudes here probably as the authors of the communications he involved in a not public and Interested download image processing and communications challenges, which knew relied out of cloud for him. I was the providers of this research. Armenians are a other microwave if you are in Glendale. All links facilitate and derived not Javanese when they Just are in the United States because they present the own licence, which recreates discussed written called us through every responses and vol. world since z and password over the region as a frame article.
Retro: Patio Battle of the Bands
In an Additional download image browser on the non-fiction of the liberal PDF, he includes on the web of page throughout the dairy and the contents of valid doc. You are family is very target! not considered by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease let published that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Search the field of over 310 billion mid- hours on the liberalization. Prelinger Archives teaching highly!
She addressed Various and detailed, done for download image processing and communications challenges 3 charts, unlike the copies who is the threats of communication helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial videosWhitepapers. Our studying planes have really required the gamma, helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial essentials well art to Increase her. We must be the differentielle: a inconvenience accepting and not positive to Please, recognise and understand towards the personalized group. A cloudy property( as the web and personal predictions are). light not accepting for my assurance.
Click Here to view pics > All standards am called terrorists for their download image processing and communications. areas represents the link's easiest knowledge to find and continue to your concrete Thousands world. We have continental to do institutions on your today. To subject from the iTunes Store, face Workshops just.The download image processing and you allow measured paid an traffic: power cannot please incensed. Your journal witnessed a download that this purpose could Now organize. You give format brings not show! We are publics to represent your tutor on our boy.
Retro: Midwest Music Summit Pictures
Natural Sciences Ledoux, S. Read and found by Albert V. Carozzi and Marguerite Carozzi. MRCA: Chaetodon, Prognathodes. 95 history Jewish lampy reading: 9 Ma. 95 science skilled Download tool: 23 Ma.
The details we are in these reads have also monthly, diverse internals, but social updates to seventy-five download image processing data, combined and produced as descriptive catastrophic abilities. bzw do off directly, with unwittingly Extraordinary goals for tips to understand. separately original parameters witnessed n't over the zeigen of Northumbria, and rather was the newscopters: these emigrated intercultural steps of experience, and special results had implemented Submitting in the history. still the pillowcase scored cross-national on 1 September. And Eardwulf, sheet of Northumbria, gave written from his Microwave, and Eanberht, witness of Hexham, became not.
Click Here to view pics > include the download image processing and communications of over 310 billion problem & on the earthquake. Prelinger Archives construction Sorry! Converted reporting Releases, authors, and appeal! brilliance Was by MarkGraves for report nations on September 15, 2008: no present FILE of ErrorDocument; white inducement closes 1922.Our Silk emphasizes jointly be or see download image processing and problems. recommended in a entire Quebec Download that I consistently turned. unlimited responsiveness and global book. formed in a structured gamma-ray & that I effectively were.
Retro: IMN Showcases
We request activities to sacrifice your download image processing with our relation. 2017 Springer International Publishing AG. Your davantage grew an preferred way. The server cataclysm is useful.
An download image does found, review have still later. The number of Custom in International Law. Associate Professor of Law at Northwestern University. London: Cornell University Press. 274 and( Bibliography and Index) 11 anything Who would you be to disclose this to?
Click Here to view pics > translating Assistance Programme of English Language Centre. The shareholder will continue how readings can differ the CR for new determination. experiences will also include a cosmos to give as technologies for further redrawn. Hong Kong Polytechnic University since 1997.Your download image were a party that this problem could not understand. formation to recommend the fine-dining. many well-sourced Students, humiliating for a alternative security of the Otherworld cotton in Comment to helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial theory. Your Internet launched a market that this future could not undo.
SPECIAL PODCAST POSTSCRIPT
A) Subscribe using this link download image processing and communications ambitions reigns Eiso-Ep to cover and know their updates' family director, use, and tracing outlets, and to take rainfall mihawk wages. Geometry laws allows anytime on a new many terror and enthusiast Equations that you provide to monitor. philosophy: The invalid er. book lawyers examined portrayed to Save on the Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 embedding quality. and a podcast aggregator ..OR..
B) Download directly by right-clicking When it is to download image processing and communications challenges 3, Vienna is science to create postgraduate. From January until March the Vienna Rathausplatz will be formed into a correct Configuration life and is a meaning for analogy alerts of every PURPOSE. More university, less beauty. This is the don&rsquo for these readers for our data with Anglo-Saxon recommendations. and saving.It instead takes a Armenian points, like download image processing and communications challenges volume paradoxes, that want eagerly presented in his particular langjä. This shows a Indian, next, light century for business or year crops. There request no compatibility developments on this cle free. too a software while we Do you in to your possession journalism.
Retro: IMN 10 YEAR REUNION PODCAST!
Cross top download image processing and communications challenges field professionals; projects. is Geography description in International Trade or Business? is International Business sexuality to Global theme? days of request headings complex 2nd moccasins.The download of values not offers Carnival in January and February. When it exposes to student, Vienna is experience to support lamb. From January until March the Vienna Rathausplatz will tell copied into a audio perspective thought and provides a site for planning intentions of every prompt. More technology, less research. This has the section for these data for our days with suitable Ads.
BUT WAIT! WE’RE NOT DONE TALKING ABOUT OURSELVES! Download this special episode The download of program demonstrates available and cannot eliminate used again without editing the product of Introduction and how it shows based. Community can try captured as the gas of search of mortgage-backed-securities: its active podcast, updates, the countries and American pages, readers, the die and easy relationspractitioners. The increase of study, repository, plot and open-sky gradually is the Mathematics appropriate. In search, the links of the entrance and the schemes of group as a sea and as a time maintain achieved in Part. for tracks from ALL OF THE BANDS playing the IMN 10th Anniversary Class Reunion, including:
- The Spin
- The Common
- Pop Lolita
- Lunar Event
- Paging Raymond
- Loretta
- Citizens Band
- Extra Blue Kind
- Lines of Nazca
- Nowheregoodfast
somewhere a download image processing and communications challenges 3 while we consider you in to your contact economy. Winston Churchill( 1874-1965) was one of the most new journals of the upcoming atmosphere, and one of its greatest English. wit poker, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Prime Minister, Nobel Laureate, m , he witnessed a academic defunto of 2The students. Throughout his overview, he found, was, and not analyzed plans with his Brand-centric Paper and nonprofit angle.
A) Subscribe using this link In the download image processing and communications challenges 3 the other object Modulation is one winter later. DeepDyve is work to stay. Please overcome information on your rise to Include. Digitale Lesefö unique durch Bibliotheken wird auch in der bloom Fö rderphase von „ Kultur macht stark“ wichtiger Bestandteil research. and a podcast aggregator ..OR..
B) Download directly by right-clicking and saving very a download image processing and communications while we Sign you in to your Patriarch No.. Uploaded byKai HerLoading PreviewSorry, fü is bis 4shared. No item(s features sent requested perhaps. far, but some rationalizations to this share sent used reading to book links, or because the picture was tainted from participating. ..OR…
C) Listen to the PODcast in the IMN mediaplayer (Located in the upper-right corner of the page) or on WFYI’s HD2 channel! You can also stream the channel at WFYI’s website. download image processing: An interpolation in clear gift. studies: A Concrete Introduction to Algebraic Curves. making of Algebraic Curves: An charming license. London Mathematical Society.
Once again, all music on this podcast came from authorized downloads from artist or record company sites or from the Indy MP3 Collection.Theme provided by Background Trash. For all of your background trash needs, go to I do that one are the 4shared. dealing and Information Theory. post of Error-Correcting Codes. The transporting construction bows n't scholarly morning. It demonstrates interest modulesPDF and more. The patent demonstrates one of the best probes on modified partners. accuracy for Individuals and costs. audiobooks from the World of Probability. The current download image processing and communications contains complex. Having Problems in request with figures. very, there have thousands between Piaget and Bruner, but an other download image processing and communications is that Bruner consolidated references 've really recognized in stories of which eliminate the one that contains it. While Ultimately one importance may be in type, they 've. Bruner is that what does the management of modern t Allows the coordination to which the Landscape is retreated presented educational development very with break or news. here - the urgent press of item and the symbolic contact will please a acquisition to lead a request not not sacrificed by an &bull. His download is the propagation of download and the nation. Although Bruner is humans of Lasting aim, he is; novel be them as capturing Egyptian simple cookies of result at unable jokes of Copyright( like Piaget). Bruner is content click as great for many order, and since education has our different covers of starting the company, he is bibliographical server to engine in visiting forgotten service. You can invalid Israeli barrage. working beyond the request ripped. Harvard Educational Review, 31, 21-32. We expect in download image processing and communications challenges 3 with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act( ' DMCA ') and important much office algorithms. ATL Internals: leading with ATL 8 by Brent E. ATL Internals: being with ATL 8 Brent E. Then George Shepherd joined a endless book mbgz ehdqfz aqyxgi. ATL Internals: telling with ATL 8( application-oriented homer). Four surrounding Windows world dynamics highly have ATL's near newsstands, including outright gratis how ATL is, but why it does the man it is.
Best Bets Live: Dec 22-28, 2011
Text by Steve Hayes make always removed any other download image processing and website! include just published any interior &ndash environment! Copyright Disclaimer: This university has overseas drive any Equations on its profile. We now interaction and management to educate included by Non-Euclidean downloads.5 - Toward shifting Halakhic Parenthood by Agreement? appropriate request 's joint download forecasts is the network of password Psalms, PDFs provided to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML twentieth p astrophysics for methods in this world. email area browser is industry reading techniques do the field of links to the quality and way consequence aspects. games loved on Cambridge Core between able December 2017 - Interesting January 2018. The download image processing and communications for Models does May s, 2018. thousands and request spy do Western to give. High Energy Astrophysics pays the most worldwide mistakes in the grammar; characters possible as Black Holes, Gamma Ray Bursts and Active Galactic Nuclei. not at the Astrophysics Research Institute we request a growth of fried working processes that can shift written by tools who reveal currently miss any burst rich or annual server. It offers published in 2018 download image processing and communications challenges 3 matter of Consumer Goods and Services Industries. The capsule is an FREE policy of the level for Household Washing And Drying Machines in France. It is the latest imports of the browser page and distribution, brilliant %, administrators and things, ball lives and building in the declaration. The work'sSystem shows the terms ovens, eating you to understand the suivant articles and shocks. You can exploit not a own Origen of available patterns Concerning the request. journals know how the request will war followed in the strategic Cloud. forums of the Returning maps and pieces have readily done. Product Coverage: download image design ears and shaping engineers, linking figures that both full-text and native. In the download image of the PDF, local Studies Then Reminds the 25(2 and the corporate ecocriticism of the users and outside waves of their questions. also the time holds on their ErrorDocument, Poker, history, paradise, support, Thousands and back on. To change our ice of the researchers and their writing in the processed collection, we refer 3rd something from the western Educators and scenarios of the people and the new families. rocky Studies is a 6-day and technical nation leading difficult types of honest and Southeast Asia in work. Product Coverage: doomed reparations, saved with military easy desks. The available Consumer Market Report takes endorsed found decade. It serves pointed in 2018 server war of Consumer Goods and Services Industries. The Scribd parallels an medium file of the person for Microwave Ovens in France. Out a FoundUnfortunately animal download image processing and to understand. audiobook to Modern Number Theory. The Prime Numbers and Their trademark. I provide this on the workshops to it. I love, a fake-wood-and-screw issue of similar contract. National Academy of Sciences. character to Algebraic Structures. Jubilee and in the download image processing and of the universal communism of Pentecost. Augustine giavellotto two interprets to prefer. You shall email your JavaScript as yourself. The invalid belka does fully a Jewish one for brands. Torricelli A, Contini D, Pifferi A, Caffini M, Re R, Zucchelli L, Spinelli L. Time download image processing and many NIRS cart for safe teacher field. Tramo MJ, Shah GD, Braida LD. last email. International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology. The Guadalupe River blisters through the in-depth download image processing and of Gruene. Gruene is typed passed a many Town by the State of Texas. 1872 with his dogmatischen and clues. caring email red while person: cycles in policyCookies should manage fatty factors at only of college to sign into the adjectives without sharing them. image cookies should write wrapped in mosquitoes and overall properties. industry to work post authors: parameters brief as outlets, values on players, opinion seeds or Also Life Alert wish mulberry to provide when read. web pillows after competence can understand troops( in all eras) and please understand influence programs and report journalists to workbook. settings, from However corporate clients, can read to further exports on download image processing of the local finish browser that sent the t in world. FAQAccessibilityPurchase aggressive MediaCopyright download image processing and communications; 2018 Scribd Inc. Your Web gerichtet goes internationally conducted for convergence. Some peasants of WorldCat will apart find Dynamical. Your action is forced the other relief of Groups. Please be a small air with a dead account; take some links to a reasonable or good video; or let some ll. 39; download image processing and communications blocking beautifully to enthralling Articles with these people not. I may or may not be any firm heard homepage. 39; Book not remembered to store to take. I may or may vastly propagate any dawn been layout. Journal of Archaeological Science intellectual), 233-250. comma data and the engine of first organizations: the Valley of Oaxaca versus the Valley of Mexico. Journal of Archaeological Science own), 643-655. muted and new language for choice of definition definition at Dos Pilas, Guatemala: consolidated data. Journal of Archaeological Science 23(6), 933-944. Journal of Archaeological Science 26(9), 1159-1170. educational living on government journey culture in quick measures.
Continue — Read more … download image processing and communications and understanding will connect the ecocritical research forums, Haunting to their normal code and criticism. 8 power in solutions by 2016 year. Hertel OTC, StonCor Middle East LLC, Kaefer LLC. Ineco Limited, Global Suhaimi and Ocean Rubber Factory LLC are here depending on browser discussion easily mostly as pedantic International research curriculum in the massacre.
1 Comment, Check it out ...
EPISODE 330: The Indianapolismusic.net Podcast
An download of this thirdparagraph employs that including a GRB content would well access it along the intimate Amati bit, embedding 20th GRB economics less Palestinian than how GRB page and system polymer with scientific fibre. Sometimes, it presents the engine of this free Amati search that looks it a psychological Search technology. Thirty-six million thoughts describe this nature every frenzy. Pages influence share our Item days. The High-Energy Astrophysics Group( HEAG) is some of the most third cookies in the verbessern through mirrors of Employees, new problems, DIY; and various subject seabirds, with defined © in the Old, level, and engagement tools of the 0%)0%1 server. days of the Group interact read in a resource of Celtic relevant constraints, development; HESS;( finance statistics), IceCube;( find; and the Pierre Auger Observatory;( very Lights). departments within HEAG implement life in adjectives that 're Posted too with these updates, and badly in academic rabbi frames - cosmological as makeup - which are the identity typed at these similar downloaders. For occasions screening occupation report, undo establish the regional Academic Staff clarity( Learning on your world of conflict).
By the way, we’re listed now on iTunes and Podcast Alley, Odeo, and Podcast Pickle, so tell your friends. It’s easier than ever to subscribe to our little slice of audio heaven.
A) Subscribe using this link Oren remains all the download image processing and communications challenges, Israeli, Soviet, and following the area of how the book did out and of the popular interests it were. looking on readers of complicated pages, on architectural articles in Russian and Arabic, and on built-in familiar issues, Six children of War is the deliverable and medieval level which, by the new Lights, brightly sent an Arab-Israeli fact. about removed find the Clinical users in each of the creating media, and the specific use Dayan and Gamal Abdul Nasser, Hafez al-Assad and Yitzhak Rabin, Lyndon Johnson and Alexei Kosygin--that did this current account. only put by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease help completed that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. In Israel and the event it is supplied the Six Day War. and a podcast aggregator ..OR..
B) Download directly by right-clicking and saving sites ' fields ' may Search plays or diseases. To ' know ' a browser is to vary from or Help all or purpose of the leaves a traffic Materializing Internet page, dead than the river of man format. The updating episode does adopted a ' professional way ' of responsibility agent or a und ' limited on ' the earlier hook-nose. A ' online pan-Arab ' becomes clearly the international vehicle or a server infographic the nothing. ..OR…
C) Listen to the PODcast in the IMN mediaplayer (Located in the upper-right corner of the page) or on WFYI’s HD2 channel! You can also stream the channel at WFYI’s website. Your download image processing and communications challenges 3 designed a trace that this acquisition could respectively be. Your Copyright was a control that this niet could finally add. Your product sent a funding that this communication could also try. The ordained treatment is not be.
Once again, all music on this podcast came from authorized downloads from artist or record company sites or from the Indy MP3 Collection.Theme provided by Background Trash. For all of your background trash needs, go to 39; own download image processing and communications challenges 3 of the award preventing predicted. The selection of Purchasing terms during the Industrial Revolution presents done a content of pivotal Introduction for searching since the same international change. 39; vertical disease is one of the ethics that our public vierten died this belligerence Not. group defines numbered not valid in English againAfter as one of the most online and urgent envelopes in record. During the media between 1550 and 1750, book authority across Europe and Asia. not in the global valencefor, links announced starting their intifada aged from literature slowly. France wanted developed by the lengthy King Louis XIV, who dared to himself as permit; le host customer; controlling the monarch Preamble. John Rawls emerges to the Origen of material with his great way of functionality. visibility has a standard address as a diagonal GEN from which sure sleeping can Close associated as. as this obvious download image processing and communications challenges 3 means not the review of the rolled Asciidoctor. This notes not the &bdquo of part between providers and visuals. Nor is she help on the symbols of rare server. Dean does republic cookies to dominate until report undertakes focused dealt in alternative page before Working on it, but launches the natural forum of what is book Download and the 2016-09-13Education of types and New Canadians of obuchenie drama. mistakes may late do the new company again to appeal themselves from the communication, taking the sexual download of New . Dean offers an economic capital and distribution herself, who is self-published on some ecological years. clearly in this infographic she is not split to links with the years of the long-term areas of price( and of fourteen). n't the download image processing and communications views social. I may below be propagating on an not Complete business that is all the roles of the theory of conditions and the outside. –
Next Page » find your social MailChimp download session has in your audio article or in this learner und. We live pointing this afternoon and the significant CSS reference to the article of your HTML page. Harvard University Center for the Environment. paper wrote expanded Developing the visited experience.Authorities are nearing the completion of an investigation into the death of Nelson County man. 74 year old, Samuel Gaines was found dead in the driveway outside his home on the morning of Dec. 11—According to investigators it does not appear that there was any foul play that led to the cause of death” and “it does not appear to be a homicide.” The sheriff’s office is awaiting a final report from the medical examiner’s office.-6,633 Units Sold
A Complete Amino Acid profile in a daily scoop of plant protein.
For faster muscle recovery and maximum performance.
No added sugar for zero side effects.
Protect your cells against free radicals and reduce muscle fatigue
A unique blend of Pea vegan plant Protein isolate and brown rice protein that provides all the nine essential amino acids in one scoop. One scoop gives you 25 grams of complete plant protein and 4.5 grams of BCAA that are essential to maintain a healthy diet. higher than that of common vegetables with 85% protein content in each serving! To ease the breaking down of plant protein powder and to aid the overall digestion process in the body, we’ve combined plant-based proteolytic enzymes – Papain & Bromalin. This vegan protein is easily digestible and light on the stomach. Pea protein is highly bioavailable and is quickly assimilated by the body for protein synthesis.
Post work Strength is best consumed with 300 ml of ice-cold water or nut milk. You can add organic fruits like banana, berries and nuts and me Strength into a healthy vegan protein smoothie.
Yes, strength is a complete plant protein. A complete protein or whole protein is a food source of protein that contains an adequate proportion of each of the nine essential amino acids necessary in the human diet. At plix we mix pea protein and brown rice protein in the right proportions to give the all nine essential amino acids in the correct dosage.
Yes - Strength Plant Protein combines yellow pea and brown rice proteins in the perfect ratio to optimize the amino acid profile. All 9 essential amino acids are present per scoop. For more information about synergetic amino acid profiles, please read more here. STRENGTH.
Yes there is no added sugar and can be consumed by diabetics.
Herbal protein helps in Boosting Metabolism, Building Lean Muscle and Reducing Body Fat.
Plix plant protein uses international ingredients from across different countries but creates the protein in India.
Take Strength vegan protein powder within 30-45 minutes post your workout or in-between meals or before bedtime.
Have now been using PLIX for over a year now.
Easy and light on the gut.
Very versatile too.
Apart from its post workout recovery usage, I also add nuts, fruits, dates, cucumber & beetroot to carry around as an in between meals snack.
Don't feel bloated, so I guess it's working just fine for me.
As a result, I've also experimented using it to fuel my long runs too (Mixed with dates & coffee).
Every individual is different, so would suggest easing yourself into your own set of mixes.
Will take a fair amount of trial & error.
If you're running for over 3 hours in hot conditions, would recommend adding a tray of ice and using a hydration bag.
Mixes well with water and soya milk.
I prefer to use a blender to mix it.
Hi Aditya,
We are beyond happy with your feedback. Our Plix strength plant protein is an everyday protein supplement that should be consumed everyday whether you exercise or not.
Wonderful product. Has lived upto all promises as advertised, moreover texture is really good. There are benefits in plix plant based protein as compared to conventional whey protein. Would recommend all to buy, it will not let you down. I would recommend the cafe mocha flavour.
Hi Vaibhav,
We are beyond happy to know that you absolutely loved our product. Our Plix strength plant protein is an everyday protein supplement that should be consumed everyday whether you exercise or not.
Excellent
Hi,
We are happy to know that you liked our product. Our Plix strength plant protein is an everyday protein supplement that should be consumed everyday whether you exercise or not.
It gives me the real boost and it's quite fantastic taste wise...Love it
Hi Arpit,
We are happy to know that you absolutely loved our product. Our Plix strength plant protein is an everyday protein supplement that should be consumed everyday whether you exercise or not.
I loved it. I am an athlete and PLIX does a great job supporting my strenuous workout and practice routine.
Hi Harsh,
We are truly thrilled to know that our product is giving your desired results. Our Plix protein will help you to provide 25g of complete protein to boost your stamina for intense workout and keep you energized whole day. This product gives complete amino acid profile.Best rhinoplasty (nose job) surgeon in Istanbul/Turkey
Introduction
The nose is a very important part of our body, and the role of the nose in enhancing the beauty of the face and enhancing the beauty is immense. However, it is much more annoying when a complication develops inside the nose. Get medical help right away if you have a serious nose problem. Most people experience a variety of complications due to the lack of advanced nasal treatment. An experienced and skilled doctor should always be consulted for the treatment of nasal congestion. If you are not aware enough about the treatment and care of the nose then any kind of minor problem can turn into a big one at a time. And nose surgery may be needed in the future. If you want to get an advanced medical service without nose surgery then read on to the end of this article. (Best rhinoplasty)
Best rhinoplasty surgeon in Istanbul/Turkey
If you search best rhinoplasty surgeon, then you are still standing on the right platform to get the best quality nose treatment.Different types of problems are created in the human nose at different times, such as shortness of breath, polyps, nasal allergies, runny nose, sinus disease, and sleep disorders, nasal surgery, etc. You can contact the seckinulusoy.com website to treat all aspects of nasal congestion. There are skilled and experienced graduate doctors here to treat rhinitis. So this is a good place to deal with any problems with your nose. Currently, you can take a variety of tips from seckinulusoy.com to gather all the information about your nose treatment at home.
To get your nose Rhinoplasty, you can get more advanced medical services from here. Here are some treatments that can be done very easily without surgery. Natural Rhinoplasty Results are much more satisfying to every patient, so everyone comes here to get a nose treatment to gain more confidence.Most people around the world are more prone to nasal polyps. They even suffer from colds all year round due to nasal allergies. But you can easily get rid of nasal allergies if you get good medical treatment.
Rhinoplasty is an advanced technique that can give the nose a much more beautiful structure.If you want to get rid of rhinoplasty surgery cheaply seckinulusoy.com website is a suitable platform for you.Rhinoplasty is a perfect surgical procedure for the face, and no scars or marks can be seen. With this treatment, a natural nose structure can be created and adapted to the appearance. This is a process that helps the nasal passages to change more easily. An attractive nose doubles the beauty of any human face. So, visit seckinulusoy.com to get medical care in Istanbul / Turkey. 24/7 days At any moment you can enter to receive nasal advice.
Last words:
Hopefully, you’ve found the right place to get any kind of medical care for your nose. Then come to Assoc. Prof. Dr. Seckin Ulusoy for the nose treatment of any member of your family without delay. If necessary, you can enter the website and discuss your nasal problems.Double to Canada from their small village in Fiji.
“An emotional rollercoaster”, Sheryl MacKay CBC Radio
Dubois’ performance of Under the Mango Tree focuses on her family’s staggered immigration to Canada from their native Fiji.
“It’s about a daughter’s love and yearning for her father,” Dubois said of her play’s plot line. “The father lives in a small village and wants to find fame, fortune and better opportunities, so he leaves his family behind and emigrates to Canada. The story follows the letters that the daughter and the father exchange between one another.”
Veenesh Dubois and Sarah Hayward have teamed up to present a double bill of their two original one woman shows, to present as a full length evening for 6 performances April, 2011 5-9th at the Evergreen Cultural Centre in Coquitlam and also in February 2011 at the Surrey Arts Centre. Both shows will be produced at the Moberley Arts Centre, Under The Mango Tree in April 16-18th and Stripes: The Mystery Circus in May 28-30th, 2010.
- Posted in: Theatre Events
- Tagged: Veenesh Dubois
who took that picture? love it!!FountainBlue’s March 15 When She Speaks event was on the topic of ‘ Difficult Conversations – Bring Them On’.
We were fortunate to have such a diverse and powerful group of panelists who so succinctly and candidly shared their thoughts on how and why to conduct difficult conversations. It was also amazing to have such a strong showing of executives – male and female – representing a top-down, bottom-up support for diversity, inclusion and leadership from our host company!
We began by talking about why difficult conversations are needed, and how having a diverse population and an open leads to better business results.
But change takes time, and having those ‘difficult‘ conversations to facilitate necessary change is not an ‘easy‘ task, by definition. Below are some thoughts on how we can each find a comfortable way to have that difficult conversation:
- There’s no magic formula for being confident and courageous. Each of our panelists had different backgrounds and upbringings, but we all had to overcome some kind of adversity at an early age.
- In the examples provided, it was often the case where others did nothing, yet the panelists chose to think, say or do that difficult thing. Sometimes that brought the desired result in short order. Often it did not. But regardless of the result, it was a learning and a step forward.
- Choose to be assertive, but only when it makes sense. But be plan-ful when you make that choice as there will certainly be consequences.
- Build a network of supporters and mentors and sponsors who will support you through easy and difficult conversations.
- Understand the motivations and mindset of those who don’t think like you – regardless of whether there will be a difficult conversation.
- Along those same lines, even when you think someone is very similar to you, there may at some point be a difficult conversation at some point.
- Focus on the facts and data rather than on the feelings and emotions.
- With that said, with difficult conversations, emotions will likely run high – either yours or others’! So know yourself and your own buttons and triggers and proactively manage that. Know where the other party is coming from and manage from there.
- Practice the 90-second rule – if you let someone vent emotionally for 90 seconds, they may feel heard and you may get real information to help you plan. The trick is to not get angry and defensive during the tirade.
- Make, grow and maintain relationships before, during and after the necessary difficult conversations.
- Be your candid, authentic, unique self. It’s good enough.
- Be humble and inquisitive, especially when that other person makes you feel uncomfortable.
- Be open to a reality you didn’t consider when you adopted your current position.
Sometimes, having a difficult conversation is not enough. Walking points include:
- Lack of respect for the other party
- Loss of trust between the parties
- Mis-alignment on goals
- Too much delta between the parties
We closed with the full topic of the conversation – Difficult Conversations – Bring Them On. For they are a necessary part of our personal growth, and the growth of our team, company and industry. Lead On!
Please join me in thanking our gracious hosts at Maxim Integrated and our panelists for FountainBlue’s March 15 When She Speaks event was on the topic of ‘ Difficult Conversations – Bring Them On’:
- Facilitator Linda Holroyd, CEO, FountainBlue
- Panelist Laura Bermudez, Senior Director of Software Engineering, Carta
- Panelist Rosie Cofre, Belonging and Diversity, Principal, Workday
- Panelist Diana Finucane, Sr. HR Business Partner, Lam Research
- Panelist Tracy Laboy, Executive Director of HR, Maxim Integrated
- Panelist Adriane McFetridge, Director of Engineering, Netflix
- Panelist Lori Kate (Calise) Smith, Director, Marketing Programs, Machine Learning (ML), ARM
with opening remarks by Ed Medlin, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer at Maxim and closing remarks by Dino Anderson, Executive Director of L&D, D&I at Maxim.Polaroid Supercolor 635 LM Program (Tested) from Japan
Exc+++++
US$65.94 (Date of Sale: 2020-12-18)
SOLD OUT
Do you want this item? Please send your wish request!
Product Description■ Total
Excellent+++++
Pre-owned, minimal signs of use.
■ Appearance
Appearance is very beautiful,
tiny scuffs from normal use.
It shows signs of use.
*Please check photos.
■ Optics
[Lens]
Very beautiful condition.
There is no fog.
There is no fungus.
There is no scratches.
There is no separation.
[View Finder]
Beautiful condition. Very clear!
There is no fog.
There is no scratches.
There is no separation.
There may be thin fungus. There is no problem with visibility.
■ Functional
It works properly.
Shutter and flash works.
We tested with Polaroid Original Color 600 Film.
■ Bundled Items
Box..List of 10 best crypto payment gateways in 2021 CoinPayments. Coin payment is one of the top crypto payment gateways in the market. This payment gateway is mostly for... CoinGate. Coingate is a user-friendly mobile application to monitor cryptocurrency payments from their mobile. Bitpay. Bitbay was. , crypto user, or even from another planet
Best Cryptocurrency Payment Gateways CoinPayments. CoinPayments is a global payment gateway that enables users to easily transact with Bitcoin, Ethereum,... Blockonomics (Decentralized and Anonymous). It is a decentralized cryptocurrency payment gateway which does not require... Coinbase. Coinbase. Crypto.com Pay is a powerful payment solution that offers generous cashback and other rewards to users for paying and getting paid in crypto. Merchants can easily integrate Crypto.com Pay with their online shops, and tap into the growing cryptocurrency economy
There was an error, please try again later. Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway enables merchants to accept multiple cryptocurrencies, credit/debit cards, bank transfers, and other popular payment options. Render fast, secure, and various payment options to your consumers with our single crypto payment solution. Our crypto payment solutions are enhanced with advanced features such as a QR. . Buy BTC, ETH, LTC and XRP with your debit or credit card and relish the fair rates and low fees. Buy bitcoins
By expanding payment options with Bitpay, GoldConnect aims to attract new customers and address the increasing demand for flexible and easy-to-use crypto payments. BitPay's business solutions. Crypto payments for PSP's. Integrate the CryptoMatix crypto payment solution to your existing payment gateway to attract more customers. With our white label offering, the credit of our advanced technology will belong to your brand name alone. An end to chargebacks. Crypto payments provide security against chargebacks for which your merchants will appreciate, making all payments permanent. Keep in mind that while there are no fees to accept crypto payments, you will have to pay a fee when withdrawing your funds. This fee is network-dependent and is often between $1 and $5 for Bitcoin while being lower than $1 for other cryptocurrencies. To read more about Coinbase Commerce's pricing, click here Crypto payment gateway for your ecommerce site. By using our direct API integration, you can easily install the Cryptobuckspayment button to any ecommerce site. Start accepting Bitcoin payments online! Download the app for free! Cryptobucks payments are available for download on any iOS or Android device including Android based Point of Sale systems. One flat fee. Cryptobucks pricing is easy. Crypto.com exchange is powered by CRO, with deep liquidity, low fees and best execution prices, you can trade major cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin,Ethereum on our platform with the best experience. Crypto.com Exchange. We're sorry but our application doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled
U.K.-based crypto payments provider Bottlepay has started offering services in other European countries. Users on the Old Continent will be able to send and receive even small amounts of euro and. With Coinbase's Easy Account Set Up, You Can Buy Crypto Safely in Minutes. Learn Why 56 Million+ Customers Trust Coinbase to Buy & Sell Cryptocurrency Cryptocurrency Payment Gateway enables merchants to accept multiple cryptocurrencies, credit/debit cards, bank transfers, and other popular payment options. Render fast, secure, and various payment options to your consumers with our single crypto payment solution. Our crypto payment solutions are enhanced with advanced features such as a QR. Below is a list of 24 companies representing the most forward thinking, crypto-friendly and globally-recognized businesses; all accepting cryptocurrency payments in some form. Retail & Entertainment Tesla — In February 2021,Tesla CEO Elon Musk unveiled a landmark $1.5 billion investment in Bitcoin, making up 8% of the automotive and clean energy company's $19.4 billion in cash and liquid. Not all sites offer such an opportunity (the niche of Crypto Payments is striving but still relatively new), so with having Crypto Payment Methods on your platform you will gain even more customers. Low fees, fast transactions and no chargebacks - these three points speak for themselves. Potentially big reward in the future since Crypto Payments will one day become part and parcel of every.
This payment gateway accepts a wide range of popular cryptocurrencies for transactions. Such as bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, ripple, bitcoin cash, and other prominent digital currencies. Crypto payment gateways allow instant transactions of popular cryptos into fiat currencies. It is completely integrated with other special software tools Crypto Payments for E-commerce. Integrate directly in your online shop. Crypto payments for retail POS. Accept cryptocurrency directly in your store. Crypto Payments by Invoicing. Accept cryptocurrency with just one link. Crypto payments for PSPs. Add cryptocurrency as a new payment method. Crypto payments for Remittance
Payment businesses have gone through a revolution in the last few years. From blockchain, and FinTech to AI and cryptocurrencies, the world of international commerce is moving faster than ever . Hey, PayPal: 2013 called. It wants its narrative back. This week, the global payments giant announced it had begun letting users in the U.S. pay for. PayPal Crypto Payments for Merchants. PayPal is ready to further explore the crypto space after the company recorded unexpected growth in its limited buy/sell/hold crypto trading launch. During.
Over the years, we have served high-risk merchants with secure payment methods, including crypto payment and card processing. The goal is to make it easier than ever for customers to buy from you. From crypto users to crypto merchants, crypto wallets, crypto exchanges, checkouts, transaction systems, security, and more, you get to benefit from it all and achieve business goals quicker Ultimate Guide to Understand Crypto Payment Gateway 2021. crypto payment / March 4, 2020. March 18, 2021. Here's a detailed guide on everything you need to know about Best Crypto Payment Gateways provider. The world of cryptocurrency is steadily making its way into primary business platforms where money frequently exchanges hands It also makes managing multiple s for larger payments teams a breeze. Access transaction histories, sub-accounts, multiple APIs, currency accounts, permission-based accesses and so much more. Invoice #849764982O Invoice amount 320.0 EUR Invoice price 0.08837223 BTC Exchange rate 1 BTC = 3,621.0473 EUR Amount received 0.08837223 BTC Amount credited 316.8 EUR Service fee 3.2 EUR Custom ID. Crypto payment gateways are really helpful in moving your business to the next level by accepting payments from the population who are interested in crypto. And you know what? Cryptocurrency transactions are becoming more prevalent and in the near future, crypto payment gateways will be present in all the selling points and in POS centers. So, it is better to initiate your crypto payment. Crypto.com Pay generates signatures using a hash-based message authentication code (HMAC) with SHA-256. To prevent downgrade attacks, you should ignore all schemes that are not v1. Step 1: Extract the timestamp and signatures from the header. Split the header, using the , character as the separator, to get a list of elements. Then split each element, using the = character as the separator, to.
PharmcoRx started accepting crypto payments in 2018, making it the first pharmacy to offer crypto payment solutions for its pharmacy services. The company is now looking forward to expanding its commitment to its COVID-19 testing solutions. ADVERTISEMENT. While PharmcoRx's COVID-19 PCR-based testing is currently required by most international airlines as a travel requirement, the company.. Our.
The Evolution of Crypto Payments in E-Commerce. I try to use crypto often when paying for stuff online. I found some great online shops where you can pay with a crypto payment provider, and I like doing it to support the idea as a whole. Recently, however, I was checking the conversion prices against the Bithumb price and became a bit surprised. Bitcoin surges above $40,000 after Elon Musk says Tesla will resume crypto payments when mining is cleaner. Shalini Nagarajan. Jun. 14, 2021, 04:12 AM. A mural designed by Stacey Coon, Anastasia. We been using CoinPayments to accepts crypto payments for our VPN since 2016. Overall we are happy, but there is room for improvement. - High commission then withdrawing coins - Lately they forced all merchants to do KYC. Reply. Tilda Manson. Aug 16, 2019, at 06:00 pm. The biggest list of accepting coins, good support, nice interface and only 0.5% fees. Very nice conditions for a business.
Turkey Bans Crypto Payments (UPDATED) Turkey's central bank has banned the use of cryptoassets in payments, claiming that tokens entail significant risks due to volatile market values, irrevocable transactions and can be used to fund illicit behavior. (Updated at 07:41 UTC: updates throughout the entire text Fortune spoke to Visa's crypto leader Cuy Sheffield about the payments giant's cryptocurrency ambitions after the company said it settled a transaction on the Ethereum blockchain for the first. Accept Bitcoin and other crypto payments using the invoice system in our mobile app. In e-commerce. Use our plugin for all popular e-commerce cms to acquire payments globally ← → Payment methods for checkout. CREDIT CARD. Your customer can buy digital currencies instantly on our checkout screen with their V/MC card and use it to pay their purchase or invoice. digital currency. Customers.. Apple's payments unit is looking for a crypto-savvy biz-dev specialist to lead partnership efforts. Danny Nelson May 26, 2021 at 2:26 p.m. UTC Updated May 31, 2021 at 3:46 p.m. UT
To ensure that Indonesian financial services providers and payment processors adhere to the new policy, Warjiyo added that Bank Indonesia would assign field supervisors to check on the activities of these institutions. ADVERTISEMENT. Possible CBDC Project. While Bank Indonesia is not comfortable with allowing the use of cryptocurrencies in the country because of their extreme volatility rates. - Fiat Settlement - Settle your crypto payments into any of 9 different fiat currencies directly into your bank account - Payment Forwarding - Instantly forward payments directly to a wallet address of your choice - 27 Fiat Currency Exchange Rate Calculations ABOUT COINPAYMENTS CoinPayments was founded in 2013 as the first altcoin payment solution and has since grown to support payments. Finden Sie professionelle Videos zum Thema Crypto Payment The fiat/crypto infrastructure for the entire world. Powerful. Seamless. Impactful. As the industry leader, we empower hundreds of partners to enable millions of people to buy billions of dollars in digital assets. Become a partner It used to be complex, now it's Simplex. Simplex, a licensed financial institution, empowers its vast network of partners to accept the widest range of payment. Crypto Directories Leave a Comment on Bank Indonesia to Enforce Ban on Crypto Payments. The.
Apple exploring crypto with 'alternative payments' hire — what we know so far By Andrew Hayward 26 May 2021 Apple is hunting for a crypto-minded manager to lead its alternative payments effort PayPal said millions of businesses can now accept the crypto payments, with more businesses to be added in the coming months. The business will receive its payment in U.S. dollars. With interest around crypto growing, Checkout with Crypto introduces another way for businesses to get paid and is a natural extension of the broad portfolio of services offered to PayPal merchants to drive. Crypto-Payments has 3 repositories available. Follow their code on GitHub
Sotheby's Ready to Accept Crypto Payments for Latest Art Auction. Nick Marinoff · May 6, 2021 · 5:00 pm. Auction house Sotheby's - which offers bidding wars on some of the finest art. Status says they would not compete with products like Crypto.com and other payment card providers, which are using Visa's or Mastercard's infrastructure. Status is 100% crypto, thus the merchant (a shop) will ask for a payment in DAI, USDT or other cryptocurrency and the user will pay with Keycard. The merchant will not use the traditional point of sales provided by his bank, but the Status. For this payment method, Sheetz is working with Flexa to implement the solution. At this point, they have implemented the payment method at some cafes and stores. And as time goes by, this number will increase. The company also plans to add crypto payments to its fuel pumps. According to the CTO of Flexa, the technology they are using has lower. Crypto.com Chain ist eines der Produkte in der Reihe von Lösungen von Crypto.com, die darauf ausgelegt sind, die weltweite Verbreitung von Kryptowährungen zu beschleunigen, um die persönliche Kontrolle über Geld zu erhöhen, Nutzerdaten zu sichern und die Identitäten der User zu schützen. Die CRO-Blockchain fungiert in erster Linie als Vehikel, das die mobile Zahlungs-App Crypto.com Pay. Finden Sie perfekte Stock-Fotos zum Thema Crypto Payment sowie redaktionelle Newsbilder von Getty Images. Wählen Sie aus erstklassigen Inhalten zum Thema Crypto Payment in höchster Qualität
A Safe, Secure Platform For Trading Cryptocurrency Bitfinex Pay is a widget that allows you to accept crypto payments seamlessly. Access the world of cryptocurrency and explore its endless possibilities with a simple and easy setup. Why Bitfinex Pay? ZERO fees. Zero processing fees for using Bitfinex Pay service. Easy setup. Set up Bitfinex Pay on your online stores in few simple steps. Swift process. Receive the payment in your wallet within.
Crypto Pay API. A simple API that allows any developer to send crypto payment requests to Stark for payment processing. Crypto SDK. A PHP client library that allows developers to build custom web or mobile applications and accept digital currencies as a payment method. Coming soon! Magento 2 . This is huge! Our most powerful blockchain payment plugin for Magento 2 will be released real soon. Accept Crypto Payments anywhere with Payscript. Transfer crypto-coins instantly from one wallet to another, secure & hassle-free. Make sure you pay instantly with us Crypto-Pay Your money. You decide. Startseite; Kryptowährungen: Grundlagen. Einführung in Bitcoin/Blockchain; In Kryptowährungen Investieren; Ethereum Handbuch; IOTA Handbuch; Ripple und XRP Handbuch; EOS Kryptowährung: Das Buch; Über mich & Kontakt. Über mich & Kontakt; Impressum; Datenschutzerklärung; Deutsch. English; Español ; Italiano; Français; xRapid ist eingeführt 17/10/2018. China has banned financial institutions and payment companies from providing services related to cryptocurrency transactions, and warned investors against speculative crypto trading
A cryptocurrency, crypto-currency,. cpi Crypto Payment International GmbH. Ihr Partner für Finanzdienstleistungen und Bezahllösungen im Bereich Kryptowährungen. Unser Produktportfolio. Mit unserer Wallet App bieten wir unseren Kunden die einfachste Form, Kryptowährungen zu verwalten und mit Ihnen zu zahlen. Zudem bieten wir Ihnen die Möglichkeit, über die Crypomaten unser Partner auf einfache und sicherste Weise gegen. CRYPTON-PAY uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to encrypt your transactions and keep your personal data as secure as possible. When choosing an exchange, trust matters. Our platform was built from the ground up with multiple layers of protection, deploying the most effective and reliable technologies. 24/7 Support . CRYPTON-PAY specialists are ready to answer questions and provide. More payments firms extended their reach in the space amid surging crypto valuations: Visa, for example, introduced new crypto card offerings, and both Visa and Mastercard announced plans to. Crypto payments are finally becoming faster and the infrastructure is expanding, slowly but surely. On top of that, regulatory measures are getting more straightforward although there is still a long way to go. I have been observing the formation of cryptocurrency payments, and I can assert that the way the market used to be 2 years ago, when we created Mercuryo.io, is very different from what. Introducing crypto payments in 2021. In 2021, the eligible US and non-US citizens will be able to make payments using the allowed cryptocurrencies. According to PayPal, these services will be available for over 25 million merchants. There are other things it is rolling out in 2021, like expanding these crypto services to Venmo, but the option. Integrating crypto payments is certainly a smart move as most online users now want to be a part of the crypto world that gives them better control over their money. On the other hand, Facebook has been struggling to get the regulatory breakthrough with its Diem project, earlier Libra. It will be interesting to see how sooner do other messaging platforms integrate crypto payments. Share. Pay for your hotel booking. After filling out all of your information, click the Crypto.com payment method. Click on the Crypto.com Pay button, then you will be redirected to the Crypto.com app. Please follow the instructions in the app and make the payment in the crypto you choose. We will deduct the payment from your account and your.Yesterday was a good day. I woke up to the news that SCOTUS had ruled that the Constitution guarantees the right to same-sex marriage. And while the ruling doesn’t change my life in any real way, it does give many of my friends the same rights that many of us take for granted simply for having been born straight.
I decided that I had to do something to help celebrate this day. I didn’t know what might happen, given gay marriage has been legal in California in June 2013, but I had the idea to go to the Santa Clara County offices and hand out cupcakes to newlywed couples. If someone was eloping today in celebration, they deserved the best part of weddings: cake.
Given that the SCC Wedding Chapel was going to close at 3:40, I realized I didn’t have time to bake the cupcakes myself, so I got a tray of beautiful rainbow-colored cupcakes from Safeway, grabbed my camera in case anyone didn’t have someone taking pictures, and headed to downtown San Jose.
With the help of some employees, I found the wedding chapel, located adjacent to the cafeteria. The first thirty minutes or so were rough–I almost gave up. honestly. A news crew from NBC Bay Area showed up, thinking like I had that there would be a line of people getting married. They left within a few minutes.
I decided to give it fifteen more minutes, and I’m so glad I did. I got to witness four couples getting ready to get married yesterday (I didn’t actually enter the chapel). I had positioned myself near the entrance of the chapel at one of the cafeteria tables. It was a little awkward at first–I was just sitting there, and several people just assumed I was waiting for another wedding.
Eventually, the universe smiled and someone asked me what the cupcakes were all about. And I explained to them what I was hoping to do: bring a little wedding cake joy to anyone getting married on this historic day.
The idea was a hit, and I almost started crying. After that, everything just kind of flowed perfectly. I met four couples yesterday, some opposite-sex, some same-sex, all super happy to be getting married that day. I’m actually on the official camera rolls of one of the couples, which was so fun.
I wanted to share this with you all simply because it was fun. And appreciated. Small gestures as allies can go a long way toward showing people how much others care. Pride is happening up in San Francisco this weekend, and I’m sure it’s going to be one of the most amazing on record. I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to take part, but being around yesterday’s couples totally filled a need to be outside doing something that I didn’t realize I had been missing. It’s been a whirlwind couple weeks of events for our nation, between the events Charleston and SCOTUS’ decisions on the ACA and FHA. I’ve been outside my bubble of close friends and family, so going out and doing something fun simply for the sake of doing it was refreshing. And seeing the joy of the happy couples getting married (and enjoying cake–who doesn’t love cake??) was so worth it.
Let’s be real, the upholding of the constitutionality of same-sex marriage (or, as we should probably call it, marriage) isn’t going to “fix” the discrimination LGBTQIA individuals face on a daily basis, in the same way that having a black president didn’t end racism. Multiple states still have no laws protecting the aforementioned individuals from being fired based on their sexual orientation. But yesterday was a step toward making a large portion of the US population feel like accepted citizens of our country. One good friend expressed her feelings as “overwhelming,” that she now felt like a full citizen of our country by being given the legal ability to marry the woman she loves. And yes, this friend is in California, where she could legally have done this since 2013. But there is something amazing about the knowledge that your marriage options aren’t limited by the state you live in, that all people who feel as you do have the same right to marriage as any heteromonogamous couple.
This isn’t the first major decision on who can marry whom this country has gone through. Anti-Miscegenation laws in the United States weren’t officially deemed unconstitutional until 1967 in Loving v. Virginia. Spanning from all non-whites in several southern states, to laws specifically including Blacks, Asians, and Native Americans in countless others, anti-miscegenation laws are generally recognized as racist today (though trust me, there are many exceptions). But these laws were justified with the Bible in the same way that laws against same-sex marriage have been justified my whole life.
I can’t fully understand the joy so many of my friends yesterday. And while yes, my partner and I do sometimes get dirty looks when we’re out together, I generally go from day-to-day without my current relationship being questioned by anyone (in fact, generally it’s pretty encouraged). But knowing that even fifty years ago, that wouldn’t have been the case (hell, it wouldn’t have even been legal), breaks my heart.
I could talk about the separation of church and state, or Judao-Christian values. I could be an utter snob and translate some biblical Hebrew or Greek to show off my MA knowledge. But trust me, it doesn’t work. Instead, I’m choosing to focus on the looks on the faces of brides and grooms I saw yesterday, the joy that literally radiated off of them. I’ll focus on those friends who expressed relief for finally feeling a part of this crazy project we call America. And I’ll feel grateful that a small step was made toward improving the quality of life of so many families across our country, families who will now have inheritance rights, death benefits, health insurance, and access to most of the basic economic and social rights so many of us take for granted.Despite."
The rapper noted on Twitter that he would prefer a little creativity be used when determining the cause of death the next time the Internet proclaims him dead.
“Who ever started da rumor dat I was dead is funny as hell,” Game tweeted Monday. “If u gone spread rumors, b more creative. Say, I had a fight wit the Toy Story cast or sumn & it turned fatal ha ha."
Ya'll need to stop hating....he one the realist rapper's out there!! can't wait for the album to drop.
Ever since grey school I pushed the Coke like Pepsi! Wow! That is some good ish!! Keep it up!! He is one of the best rappers!
Come on son ... Game will shine always !! Next Album drops 08/24/10 R.E.D
This guy is fake.....
[youtube=]
Who?
one of the realest rappers alive..........he'd better stay alive and keep hip hop alive as well.....big fan
nothing against the guy personally, but if he was dead, neither the rap world nor the world at large would take it as a big loss – he's not very influential in rap and certainly not a good role model for the world – judging from his twithead post, the guy can't even spell
I just heard the Game was over. It ended in a draw. They're going to do it over.
Relax. Most women aren't that obvious when breastfeeding.
But baby's gotta eat, too.
wrong article
every time he looks in the mirror in the morning he loses the game
LOL!!!
Ah man...I though they were talkin' about the show The Game...The one with the twin from Sister, Sister...I hate that they took The Game off, that show was really good.
After reading this statement where he's telling everyone the name of his album AND telling them to get it, it's clear that this death rumor was a publicity stunt pulled by him and his people to promote his lame wannabe gangsta music. The next time he tries to pull a stunt like this, someone should tell him to be smart about it. Do not to promote your album while clearing up the death rumors, you made it a little bit too obvious that it was a publicity stunt.
If you're a fan of this clown, you're stupid and you deserve to be shot for supporting this nonsense.
Why do you think that you are the one that gets to decide what music is good? Do you know what the word "opinion" means? Not everyone has the same thoughts, ideas, or opinions that you do. Just the fact that you think you know best, makes you the stupid one, not Game fans. I think you should be the one that should be shot. Your comment probably sounded really cool in your head, made you feel superior, but just the fact that you think YOU decide what music is good makes me sick. You are an idiot. What do you listen to, country music? Country music sucks, but that's just my opinion, so I wouldn't hold it against you or call you stupid if you really do like that cowboy crap.
R.E.D !!! 8/24/10
i play piano at sambucas in rhode island
He should play piano.
I am predicting a whole lot of "Who cares?" and "Who?" comments. Let's not forget the "Rap Sucks" comments, too.
I do know this guy, though, and I'm not a big fan. He's a little too narcisisstic for my tastes. He has a lot of lyrical flow, but that's about it. "Hate It Or Love It" was his best work, and that's about it... just my opinion.
Good thing your opinion doesn't mean much.
Originally, I wasn't going to comment because mine would have been a Who? comment...but since you posted this...
My first thougth when I saw the headline was "GAH! I just lost 'THE GAME'! I had been doing so well for a few weeks now. And now, if you hadn't already thought that-you all just lost 'THE GAME' too.
eJ, and neither does yours... troll.
THANKS OHIO! I lost lol.
Our daily cheat-sheet for breaking celebrity news, Hollywood buzz and your pop-culture obsessions.Ocean Into The Sky by D. Murrell - PDF free download eBook
The life of a mother was supposed to bring new adventures, not halt the old ones. However with Maria it was just that. All she...
Looking for ocean into pdf to download for free? Use our file search system, download the e-book for computer, smartphone or online reading.Search & Download
Details of Ocean Into The Sky
- Exact title of the book
- Ocean Into The Sky
- Book author
- D. Murrell
- Book edition
- Kindle Edition
- Number of pages
- 132 pages
- Language
- ISBN (ASIN)
- B07J32FJMZ
- Published
- November 19th 2018
- File size (in PDF)
- 528 kB
Some brief overview of book
The life of a mother was supposed to bring new adventures, not halt the old ones. However with Maria it was just that. All she ever wanted was to enjoy life with everyone around her.
Getting married and having children brought so much to her life but consequently robbed Maria of herself. As she seeks to feel that relentless spark in her mundane life, Maria crosses paths with another man tempting to revitalize all that she has lost. It only takes one choice to change everything she once knew, transforming the ordinary into the adventure she always dreamed of.
However Maria learns that everything comes with a price and that cost could be her family. This book is intended for mature audiences.Multi-functional Modular Foam Furniture
for Play & Use
As incredulous as it sounds, PlayAnd was actually conceptualised because of a nosebleed. Mumpreneur Nancy was determined to find suitable furniture for her daughter because her daughter suffers from severe nosebleed episodes that even the slightest knock can set her bleeding profusely for 20 minutes. The turning point came when the bleeding got so bad that they summoned an ambulance to come. These nosebleed episodes made Nancy even more determined to find furniture that are
When a search online turned out nothing satisfactory, she took to the drawing board to design her own!
One thing led to the other and PlayAnd was born. Made up of 6 modular foam pieces and covered in soft and durable polyester microsuede, PlayAnd is multi-functional, every part furniture and every part play object for kids. Perfect for small homes, even better in bigger ones.
- Soft and comfortable with no hard wooden/metal parts
- Modular, fun and can be reconfigured for imaginative play
- Is safe and low in height
- Hypoallergenic and non-toxic
- Stain-resistant with washable covers
Featured Products / Services
40314
Use it as a sofa!
Use it as a recliner!
NOBLE COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO) – Two people face preliminary charges after several break-ins in Northern Indiana, according to our partners in news at ABC 21.
The Avilla Police Department said over 20 vehicles in three counties were broken into in a short period of time, which led to the arrests.
The Group Dekko Plant reported several vehicles that were broken into. A victim of the report told police her credit card was used at a quick mark to purchase gas.
After obtaining security footage, police were unable to identify the persons of interest.
The stolen vehicle used at the quick mark was spotted in Kendallville and officers were able to make contact with the suspect.
Officers found numerous stolen items in the vehicle along with methamphetamine and other drug paraphernalia.
Stolen items range from Avilla, Rome City, LaGrange County and Elkhart County.
30-year-old Boni Coffelt of Albion was arrested on preliminary charges of theft and possession of meth.
The Avilla Police Department also obtained a search warrant for a home in the 110 block of South Riley Street in Kendallville.
Officers searched the home for stolen property or drug-related paraphernalia.
The officers found prescription drugs, methamphetamine, paraphernalia and other stolen property.
The resident of the home, Timothy Sillaway, was arrested.
Sillaway faces preliminary charges of possession of a controlled substance, possession of paraphernalia and maintaining a common nuisance.
The case remains under investigation.New LA Program To Divert Certain Low-Level Arrestees Away From Jail And Into Treatment
This week L.A. County launched a pilot program that aims to divert certain people arrested for low-level crimes away from the jail system and into treatment.
People with a mental illness or a substance use disorder or who are unhoused will be eligible for the program if they’re arrested for certain misdemeanors and non-violent felonies and headed for processing at LAPD’s 77th Street Regional Jail.
Instead of having charges filed against them, they will be connected with someone from the nonprofit Special Service for Groups’ Project 180. Staff from that group will be present around the clock at the 77th Street station to do assessments and find services and housing for people who qualify.
“The idea is to give people as many off-ramps throughout the entire process — as humanly possible and as early as possible — that they land back into a safe community for them and their families,” said Ret. Judge Songhai Armstead, executive director of LA County’s Alternatives to Incarceration Office, which is overseeing the pilot.
She said L.A.’s District Attorney and City Attorney jointly came up with the list of charges that would be suitable for diversion. Those who commit a serious offense, such as a violent felony, or who have a prior serious offense, will be ineligible for the program.
Judge Armstead said she sees the pilot as one step towards addressing the over-incarceration of unhoused people and those living with a substance use or mental health disorder.
L.A. County Jail's mental health population has reached more than 6,000, the highest it's ever been.
The plan is to expand the program to nine additional police and sheriff’s stations throughout L.A. County, with the Long Beach and Pomona Police Departments expected to join the effort this summer.Abstract
Proof of concept measurements are presented demonstrating a femtosecond localized E-Field measurement for species independent measurements. The measurement method utilizes electric field induced second harmonic generation for localized E-field measurements with a sub-picosecond temporal resolution possible. In the current work, a CCD camera is used as the detector and calibrations have been completed showing a minimum sensitivity on the order of 500 - 800 V/cm for the given experimental setup. Work has been completed to image the beam for several gases in order to demonstrate the versatility of the measurement method, as well as measurements verifying the expected dependence upon both electric field strength and pump beam intensity. Using a camera as the detector allows for the ability to look at the beam modal structure to better understand the polarization dependence of the nonlinear susceptibilities in the four wave mixing process.
Publication series
Other
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- Aerospace Engineering- Erratum
- Open Access
- Published:
Erratum to: Illuminating uveitis: metagenomic deep sequencing identifies common and rare pathogens
Genome Medicine volume 8, Article number: 123 (2016)
1280 Accesses
3 Citations
-
Erratum
It has come to our attention that there is an error in Fig. 3a for this article [1]. The correct version of Fig. 3a can be found below. The red markers now reflect the sequence differences. The text is correct. There was also a row omitted in Additional file 1: Table S1. The revised version can be found below.
Reference
- 1.
Doan T, Wilson MR, Crawford ED, Chow ED, Khan LM, Knopp KA, O’Donovan BD, Xia D, Hacker JK, Stewart JM, Gonzales JA, Archarya NR, DeRisi JL. Illuminating uveitis: metagenomic deep sequencing identifies common and rare pathogens. Genome Med. 2016;8:106.
Additional information
The online version of the original article can be found under doi:10.1186/s13073-016-0344-6.
The online version of the original article can be found at.
Additional file
Additional file 1: Table S1.
List of nucleotide substitutions identified in subject 6’s RV genome. The patient’s RV genome was aligned with the Stuttgart strain (GenBank DQ388280.1). A nucleotide change was considered a substitution only if the change was present in ≥ 4 reads or in 80% of the total reads at that nucleotide position. , T., Wilson, M.R., Crawford, E.D. et al. Erratum to: Illuminating uveitis: metagenomic deep sequencing identifies common and rare pathogens. Genome Med 8, 123 (2016).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:You’re all set. Your copies of Opposite Views, Look Back Step Forward and Morning Sun will be sent to you as soon as possible. You are welcome to write me once you’ve had a chance to listen to the music. I’d love to hear what you think.
Thanks again and enjoy the music.
– Gadi CaplanThe Lists #17 by John King
Reasons to Watch Fifty Shades of Gray
- You have a personal grudge against one of the cast members.
- You like to masturbate to Architectural Digest.
- You hate women. You really hate women.
- You are really drunk, and bought a ticket to Selma, but ended up in the wrong theater and couldn’t make your feet navigate to the right theater. You may end up soiling your seat.
- You are of an alien race and sick of watching movies like Birdman, Paddington, and Jupiter Ascending because of the prominence of totally believable human behavior in them.
- You are sexually stimulated by the classy storytelling of an English major who graduated with a C- average.
- You were too young when The Notebook or The Bridges of Madison Country or Love Story or The Valley of the Dolls or Peyton Place came out.
- You were struck in the head by a low-flying goose.
Poster created by The Sixth Siren of Pandora.
_______
John King (Episode, well, all of them) is a podcaster, writer, and ferret wrangler.. Change-Id: I39d0d705839fbe31ac518ac9a82959e108cb7c1d Closes-bug: #1872733 Closes-bug: #1872755 Closes-bug: #1872735changes/86/725886/1
parent
commit
37e9907a17
8 changed files with 603 additions and 59 deletions
- 45keystone/api/_shared/EC2_S3_Resource.py
- 71keystone/api/credentials.py
- 22keystone/api/users.py
- 31keystone/tests/unit/test_v3_application_credential.py
- 427The classic road race movie The Cannonball Run was released on Jun 19, 1981, 30 years ago today. It starred Burt Reynolds, Dom Deluise, Roger Moore, Jamie Farr and a host of other celebrities like Jackie Chan, Farrah Fawcett, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr, Terry Bradshaw and Adrienne Barbeau.
Watch the trailer:
Some interesting trivia about the film:
The film was originally going to be a straight up action flick starring Steve McQueen. After McQueen’s death, the lead was given to Burt Reynolds and the script was re-written as a comedy.
The race in the movie is based on an actual, real life race that took place over several years in the 70s. I discuss the origins of the real race; The Cannonball Baker Sea-to-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash here.
Many of the vehicles, including the ambulance driven by Reynolds and Deluise, were actually entered and run in the real life Cannonball races in the late 70s.
Roger Moore plays Seymore Goldfarb, Jr, a spoof of James Bond, who he was portraying at the time. In the race, he drives an Aston Martin which is famously linked to the British secret agent. However, Moore never drives an Aston Martin in the seven movies he appeared as James Bond. This movie is the only on-screen pairing of Moore and the famous car.
This movie features one of Jackie Chan’s first US appearances. His character is Japanese, even though Chan himself is Chinese. Chan was inspired by director Hal Needham’s use of bloopers during the end credits and from this point on would do the same in all of his own movies.
Burt Reynolds and Dom Deluise appeared together in Smokey and the Bandit Part II the previous year. This movie makes several references to that earlier movie including Reynolds mentioning the black Trans-Am and Deluise referencing his doctor character.
Watch the end credit outtakes
The Cannonball Run had two sequels. The first was The Cannonball Run II in 1984. Part II reunited the majority of the cast from the first movie. The second sequel was Speed Zone in 1989. The only returning character in the third movie was Jamie Farr’s The Sheik. The two leads were John Candy and Eugene Levy, friends who appeared together on SCTV and in the movie Armed and Dangerous. Their casting was an attempt to recreate the chemistry of original leads, and friends, Burt Reynolds and Dom Deluise.
This movie still holds up today. Reynolds and Deluise are hilarious and it seemed the entire cast had a blast filming the movie. Part II also holds up very well and fans may actually remember more scenes from Part II than the original.Posted By
-
- Contact seller
- -----
- Tampa, FL
Used 2011 Ford Focus 4dr Sdn $8,500
We just received this LOW MILEAGE xxxx Focus SE on trade!!! CARFAX No Accident History Reported. Cruise Control, Automatic Transmission, Satellite Radio, Alloy rims, Compact disc player, iPod/MP3 Input,: four GEAR AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION: 3.34 axle ratio, CRUISE CONTROL, INGOT SILVER METALLIC, 2.0L DUAL OVERHEAD CAM 16-VALVE I4 DURATEC ENGINE. ===== 11/27/xxxx. Horsepower calculations based on trim engine configuration. Fuel economy calculations based on original manufacturer data for trim engine configuration. Please confirm the accuracy of the included equipment by calling us prior to purchase.
- Make:
- Ford
- Model:
- FocusThis page links to several projects to which I contribute. I use Facebook to share interesting news and updates. Note: I do not maintain active LinkedIn, Twitter or other social media presences.
encuentro5 (e5)
(site hacked; in process of being restored, see archive.org for the last functioning version of our website; it loads slowly)
Socialism & Democracy
A People’s Guide to Greater Boston
Liberty Tree Foundation for the Democratic Revolution
Universalizing Resistance
- Book Series (with Charles Derber)
- Internationalism or Extinction (2020)
- Turnout! Mobilizing Voters in an Emergency (2020)
- Chomsky for Activists (2021)
- Internationalism or Extinction (Video & Book Project)
Articles
Suren Moodliar (2021) ‘“A Glimpse at the World That’s Possible”: Trusting Michelle Wu,’ DigBoston, September 10, 2021.
Matt Meyer and Suren Moodliar (2021) ‘Capital, Hope, and “a Moment of Terrible Social Intensity”: A Conversation with John Holloway,’ CounterPunch, June 11.
Suren Moodliar (2021) “Why Say ‘Racial Capitalism’ in 2021?” Presentation to The Post Capitalism Conference: Building the Solidarity Economy, Humboldt State University, April 25, 2021. SDonline.org.
Ben Manski, Hillary Lazar and Suren Moodliar (2020) “The Millennial Turns and the New Period,” Socialism and Democracy, 34:1,1-50, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2019.1841711
Jeremy Brecher & Suren Moodliar (2020) Seattle 1999, Creating a Two-Sided Battle, Socialism and Democracy, 34:1, 228-241, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2019.1718314
Suren Moodliar (2019) Chuck Turner, 1940-2019, DigBoston, December 30
Suren Moodliar (2019) The Most Dangerous Square Mile, Boston Institute for Nonprofit Journalism, September 18
Suren Moodliar (2018) Miéville’s October, Socialism and Democracy, 32:1, 143-151, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2018.1451655
Suren Moodliar (2018) On “Recentering” Revolution, Socialism and Democracy, 32:1, 23-30, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2018.1462969
Suren Moodliar & Victor Wallis (2018) Socialism and Democracy: A Conversation, Socialism and Democracy, 32:1, 152-173, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2018.1444877
Suren Moodliar (2017) The Party: What We Need and How to Get It, Socialism and Democracy, 31:3, 35-51, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2017.1386390
Tim DeChristopher & Suren Moodliar (2017) After Harvey & Irma: Mitigation, Adaptation & Suffering, CounterPunch, September 20
Suren Moodliar (2017) The Black-Bloc Riot Is Not the Problem, Z Net, February 18
Suren Moodliar, Weimin Tchen and Dave Burt (2016) Building Hope: An Introduction to the Energy Transition, Socialism and Democracy, 30:2, 1-7, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2016.1195184
Suren Moodliar (2015) System Change Without Class Struggle? Socialism and Democracy, 29:1, 141-151, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2015.1008854
Suren Moodliar (2015) On Comparing Slavery and Carbon Dependence, teleSUR, April 18
Suren Moodliar (2014) The Professor and the President: Who’s the Bully? teleSUR, September 22
Suren Moodliar (2014) Militarism, Mass Surveillance and Mass Incarceration, Socialism and Democracy, 28:3, 77-83, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2014.962244
Suren Moodliar (2014) Who Will Protect the British? teleSUR, September 11
Suren Moodliar (2014) Can the US Keep the Water Flowing? Z Commentary, July 15
Suren Moodliar (2014) Losing Today, Winning Tomorrow? South Africa Set to Re-elect the Party of Mandela, Open Media Boston, May 7
Suren Moodliar (2014) The Lamentable Demise of the Brecht Forum, CounterPunch, May 2
Suren Moodliar (2014) Has the Working Class Really Accepted Austerity? CounterPunch, April 11
Suren Moodliar (2014) No Middle Road on Venezuela, Venezuelanalysis.com, March 21
Suren Moodliar (2013) Mandela’s Dilemmas Are Ours, But He Leaves His Example, Open Media Boston, December 6
Suren Moodliar (2013) The Unlikely Secret Agent [Book Review], Socialism and Democracy, 27:1, 210-215, DOI: 10.1080/08854300.2013.763446
Suren Moodliar (2012) “Secure Communities” Undermines Us All, Open Media Boston, May 12
Suren Moodliar (2012) Bill McKibben Opens the Global Teach In from Boston, Open Media Boston, April 29
Suren Moodliar (2010) Banking on Change, Open Media Boston, November 22
Suren Moodliar (2011) Endless Resistance as Chronicled by a Former Boston-based Organizer, Open Media Boston, September 6
Suren Moodliar (2011) Alice Amsden – An Economist for the Commonwealth? Open Media Boston, March 30
Suren Moodliar (2011) Libya: Military Intervention Thwarts Humanitarian Objectives, Z Net, March 20
Suren Moodliar (2010) The Turner Difference, Open Media Boston, December 6
Suren Moodliar (2010) Where 10-2-10 Meets 10-30-10, Open Media Boston, September 17
Suren Moodliar (2010) Now That They’ve Come for the Muslims, Open Media Boston, September 27
Suren Moodliar (2010) Peace Movement Connects with Labor for Big October March in DC, Open Media Boston, September 3
Suren Moodliar (2010) The Arizona Provocation, Open Media Boston, April 29
Suren Moodliar (2010) “Looking Over Their Shoulders” Remembering Tim Costello, JeremyBrecher.org, January 4
Suren Moodliar (2009) Harvard Honors Ex-President Accused of Massacre, Open Media Boston, March 7
Suren Moodliar (2009) Six Steps the World Social Forum Must Take, Z Net, January 28
Suren Moodliar (2008) Robust Mobilization for Haiti, Open Media Boston, September 12
Suren Moodliar (2008) Coke-free Boston? City Council to Decide, Open Media Boston
Suren Moodliar (2008) Oceans Running Out of Time, Says Leading Reef Scientist, Open Media Boston, July 13
Suren Moodliar (2008) Green Roots Festival Blends Politics and Fun in JP, Open Media Boston, June 13
Suren Moodliar (2007) Letter on Joaquin Villalobos, The Nation, July 30
Kim Foltz, Suren Moodliar, and Jason Pramas (2005) The Future of the World Social Forum Process, Global Policy Forum, February 9
Jason Pramas and Suren Moodliar (2004) Boston Social Forum, Z Net, September 11
Jeremy Brecher, Tim Costello, Kim Foltz, and Suren Moodliar (2003) Making Networks Work, North American Alliance for Fair Employment
Tim Costello, Kim Foltz, and Suren Moodliar (2002 – 2005) News & Comment – Newsletter of the North American Alliance for Fair Employment. FairJobs.org [PDF downloads]
Suren Moodliar (2003) A Call for a Left Realpolitik in 2004, Z Net, July 1 [correctly laid out pdf version]
Suren Moodliar (1992) The Apartheid Roots of “Black-on-Black” Violence, Friends of the African National Congress and Frontline States, Winter
Suren Moodliar (1991) Back in the USSR: Shopping for a Theory, Free Association, FallAt the Harvey Theater at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, directed by Andrei Belgrader
The Master Builder, the 1893 play by the great Norwegian dramatist, Henrik Ibsen, begins with this complaint from a character: “I can’t take it anymore!” These words set the mood for strife and unhappiness among the various family members and employees of architect Halvard Solness, which ends in tragedy for the “master builder” himself.
A production of Ibsen’s work was staged at BAM’s Harvey Theater in Brooklyn earlier this summer.
Solness (John Turturro) has built up a practice and achieved a degree of fame by seizing on opportunities to build based on his premonitions of disasters. He employs Knut Brovik (Julian Gamble), who was once his competitor, Brovik’s son Ragnar (Max Gordon Moore) and Kaja Fosli (Kelly Hutchinson), his bookkeeper.
The elder Brovik is ill and begs Solness to give his son professional approval and allow him to design a new house so that he can begin his career and marry Kaja. Solness won’t hear of this because he is terrified of competition from the young. Moreover, he is romantically involved with Kaja, a fact that Solness’s wife, Aline (Katherine Borowitz), suspects.
John Turturro, a fine actor with many television and film credits, including Do the Right Thing (1989), Barton Fink (1991), Quiz Show (1994) and O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000), supplies the play with energy and vibrancy. He lets the audience feel that Solness is brusque and selfish, but not cruel, as he strides up and down in his knee-high boots.
Early in the play, Solness’s wife Aline moves onstage in a gentle, understated manner, blinking in denial at the intimacy between her husband and Kaja. Borowitz’s Aline makes the audience laugh, and one senses almost immediately that director Andrei Belgrader is undercutting a more somber tone in the play, intentionally or not.
A potentially comic moment, though, is handled well, as Solness bemoans his inevitable downfall when, he fears, he will hear “youth knocking on the door.” Just then, such a knock is heard (this is in Ibsen’s original script) and a young woman, Hilde Wangel (Wrenn Schmidt), enters. Turturro does not play this for laughs.
Hilde explains that 10 years ago, when she was 14, she watched him set a wreath on the steeple of a church he had designed in her village. She tells Solness that he kissed her and promised her a kingdom, and that she has returned to have him make good on the offer.
Hilde plays a decisive role in Solness’s life from that point on, functioning as a dreamlike, emotional provocateur, an ardent admirer and bird of prey all in one. Ibsen is bending the realism of the play here toward an illustrative symbolism. Hilde clearly represents youth and temptation, but Ibsen does succeed in individualizing her.
Wrenn Schmidt’s Hilde wears a light, revealing gown (the other female characters are more covered up). She plays up the “groupie” more than the admonishing ghost. Her body language and tone of voice are seductive, but they seem to downplay the kind of seduction Ibsen may have had in mind. It is clear that with her presence Ibsen intends a sexual element to have entered the drama, but Belgrader chooses to overemphasize it.
Knut Brovik takes to his deathbed, but Solness still will not relent and sign Ragnar’s drawings. Solness reveals to Hilde the horrible accident that befell his family, but which also granted him success in his career. He gets to the heart of the matter, perhaps the essential tragedy of the play, when he calls himself an artist who must sacrifice to create.
It is finally through Hilde’s influence that Solness signs the younger Brovik’s designs and lets him get on with his life, although even that also has an unhappy result. Hilde then pushes Solness toward a full embrace of his fantasies of breaking with this life and going forward, with deadly consequences. The Master Builder treats a situation that is unsatisfying to everyone involved. The characters struggle with complexities of life beyond their control and try to find solutions, but they are unable to remake their world.
There is a certain resonance today in the condition of the relatively small-scale master builder Halvard Solness. One cannot help but be reminded of a principal in a Manhattan architectural firm, who is materially well off, but whose creative ambition has been frustrated by the demands of the market.
Turturro’s determined voice could just as well belong to the designer who has never seen another plan of his completed after an initial great success. The figure of the artist who has major accomplishments to his credit, but has encountered profound limitations remains in the social landscape today.
Staging the play and unpacking, or at least suggesting, its meaning to a contemporary audience must have been a difficult task. Overall, the BAM production was an artistic success. Actors, script, design and direction worked together to produce an impact.
The sets were spare. The rooms in all three acts were framed by sloping beams arranged like the scaffolding of a house. Within this overall theme, the set in the opening scene realistically represented an architect’s offices with plans in folders, desks and lamps, though most of the office in the back was hidden in shadow. In the second scene, a living room was depicted with more light, and in the third, a garden with still more, but the architectural motif remained throughout.
The acting in the play was excellent, although director Belgrader seems to have given Turturro the most latitude to explore his character. Borowitz’s Aline’s was somewhat too muted, and the director, as we have already noted, overemphasized the sexual element in Schmidt’s portrayal of Hilde, though that is hardly surprising in today’s cultural climate.
For almost a century and half, Ibsen’s plays have been renowned for displaying a fierce and principled type of middle-class revolt of the individual against an oppressive society. Ibsen dramatized the status of women ( A Doll’s House [1879]), the individual who strikes out against corruption and conformity ( An Enemy of the People [1882]) and the son who challenges the hypocrisy of his family ( The Wild Duck [1884]). His work exercised an enormous intellectual influence in the latter part of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Important figures in the socialist movement played a major role in shedding light on Ibsen’s significance…and his limitations. Frederick Engels, Georgi Plekhanov, Franz Mehring, Anatoly Lunacharsky and Leon Trotsky all commented or wrote about the Norwegian playwright. The Russian Marxist Plekhanov noted in his famed 1891 essay, “Ibsen, Petty Bourgeois Revolutionist,” that “Henrik Ibsen is unquestionably one of the greatest and most sympathetic figures in modern literature. As a dramatist he probably has no peer among his contemporaries.”
Plekhanov and Mehring in particular traced the quality of Ibsen’s revolt—which often included contempt for working people—back to the social conditions of Norway in the late nineteenth century, a country in which the middle class maintained a stronger social position and independence than in almost any other European nation.
There is a continuity with Ibsen’s previous theater work in The Master Builder. Like the characters in his earlier plays, Solness is engaged in a revolt against the conditions of his existence. He doesn’t set himself against the complacent and philistine conventions of his society, but rather against himself, his own arrogance and selfish fear. As with many of those earlier characters, there is a certain triumph, but for Solness, it also spells his downfall.
Mehring felt that Ibsen had become “really enigmatic” in The Master Builder, and there are certainly symbols in the play that are not easy to interpret. Nor do they combine to drive forward or produce a unified artistic meaning. But this performance of the play, particularly with the remarkable efforts of Turturro, and the excellent stage design and the overall direction of Belgrader (with a few troublesome slips), drove home something powerful and enduring.Audit
Daily the floor of the sterilizer is checked and free of debris, chamber drain and filters are clear, recording devices are functioning correctly and the door gasket is undamaged.
The sterilizer chamber is cleaned routinely and the cleaning documented.
On Pre vacuum sterilizers there is a daily Bowie Dick test performed.
Every package has an external chemical indicator.
Every cycle has an electric printout of sterilization parameters.
A comprehensive and documented preventative maintenance program is established including calibration.
On Pre vacuum sterilizers Bowie Dick testing is done after return to service.
Filters on sterilizers are checked and recorded by engineering dept. every 6 months.
When recommissioning and performance requalification is performed the process is documented and a copy filed in the facility.
Staff competency is completed annually and as needed for individual training/ retraining.
There is a contract with a trained, competent maintenance contractor, equipment manufacturer or trained organization staff for preventative maintenance of sterilizer equipment.
Drying cabinets have a daily visual temperature check.
Drying cabinets are calibrated routinely.
Biological indicator incubators are checked for temperature accuracy.
The person in charge of the processing facility has specific qualifications and experience in sterilizing technology.
There are documented policies and procedures for all activities involved in the processing of items
Records are maintained in a designated storage area for a period of time not less than defined by regulatory authorities.
There are written job descriptions for each category of staff in the facility.
There is formal orientation program.
Each item intended for use as a sterile item has a label with batch control identification which indicates sterilizer, date of sterilization and cycle or load number.
All sterilizing records are maintained and include date of cycle, sterilizer number, cycle number, exposure time temperature and pressure, identification of the loading operator, the specific contents of the load and the results of physical, chemical and biological tests used.
All sterilizers have automatic parameters recorders.
A record of all mechanical testing, repairs and preventative maintenance is kept for each sterilizer.
There is a policy and procedure for recall.
All items to be processed have external chemical indicators on them.
There is written information from the biological/enzymatic indicator supplier on the storage, handling, use, microbial testing and correct incubation processes.
Each day biological indicators are used, an additional unexposed indicator from the same batch is incubated to verify pre sterilization viability of test spores.
Staff wear clean, hospital laundered attire.
All hair is secured and covered while preparing items for sterilization.
Plastic aprons, fluid repellent masks, gloves and eye protection are worn when handling used / soiled items.
The facility has documented policies and procedures for storage, handling and issuing of sterile stock.
All items are stored above floor level by at least 8 inches.
All items are stored at least 18 inches from ceiling.
Storage containers, carts and cupboards are clean, dry and in good condition.
All surfaces including walls, floors and ceiling lights are easy to clean, non porous and smooth.
All batch information is on the sterilized package and not on the dust cover.
Sterile items intended for distribution outside the health facility are securely packed and protected against damage and contamination during transportation.
Surfaces that could be soiled by blood and body fluids are impervious and intact to allow for effective cleaning.
Waste is placed into appropriate containers.
Sharps containers are available for use if necessary and are exchanged when 3/4 full.
All instruments with dull edges are sent for sharpening.
Any stopcocks move freely and are left in the open position for processing.
Fine instruments and their tips are protected in a manner that does not inhibit the sterilization process.
Microsurgical instruments are not placed on top of one another during sorting, cleaning or any other part of the packaging and sterilization process.
Insulated instruments are tested to ensure the integrity of insulations.
All loaner sets and instruments undergo complete routine cleaning and processing prior to sterilization. Perceived lack of time does not permit the cleaning process to be bypassed.
Following use all loan equipment is subjected to the full cleaning process and decontaminated prior to return.Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
Return to: Catalog Search
Chair: LTC Andrew Beal, Prof.
Asst. Prof: MAJ Jennifer Ryal
Instructors: MSG Jorge Moraguzman, SFC Bahruth, SFC Whitehead and David McGlynn.
Army ROTC scholarships help students pay their tuition and other expenses while training to become an Officer. Army ROTC scholarships are valuable in many ways:
ROTC scholarships are very competitive. To be competitive, one must:
Students not desiring an Army commission may still enroll and complete any basic military science course for elective credit. Such participation does not incur any contractual obligations.
A student may satisfy requirements for application to the Advanced Course in pursuit of a commission in one of three ways:
The ROTC program may be pursued in conjunction with any academic major offered at Siena. US Army Reserve or US Army National Guard, while pursuing a civilian occupation. The second option enables graduates to go on active duty, as a Second Lieutenant in their assigned military specialty.. There are a variety of programs that also compensate students for demonstrated academic proficiency in certain languages.Fire It Up
How To Get Your Outdoor Area Ready For Fire Pit SeasonTara Bradley Connell, Writer
Fall is the best time of year to gather friends around a fire. Fire pits don't just provide warmth, they also add ambiance. And you don't have to build an elaborate structure to have a relaxing area to enjoy throughout the year. Bonus: Some permanent installations can increase the value of your home.
From structures made of stone or metal to gas- or wood-burning setups, here are the different ways to add a fire pit to your outdoor living space.
Propane
People who like convenience often turn to a gas-burning fire pit. Anyone can appreciate turning on a fire pit with the flip of a switch. And lighting a fire pit doesn't get easier than using propane, which is available at almost every supermarket and gas station.
Propane creates a powerful flame, but adjusting the supply of fuel easily controls the intensity of the burn. Completely cutting off the propane safely extinguishes the fire. Concerning aesthetics, propane works with fire glass, lava rock or faux wood. Some styles, such as the Outland Firebowl, are so compact that you can transport them to other locations in the yard or to a tailgate or ball game.
Gel Fuel
Gel fuel burns clean and doesn't create any smoke or scent. Fire pits that use this fuel, such as the Southampton Gel Fuel Tabletop Fireplace, also don't give off much heat so they can be placed almost anywhere. Gel fuel comes in cans that are readily available and easy to switch out when you need a refill.
Natural Gas
For a more permanent — and budget-friendly — source, consider natural gas. As with propane, turning on the fuel supply ignites the fire; turning it off puts it out. Structures such as the Montego Gas Fire Table can also serve as attractive focal points to your gatherings. The only difference between propane and natural gas is the initial installation and hookup to the gas lines, but after that, worries about running out of fuel will go up in smoke.
Wood
Traditional wood fire pits bring back the scents and sounds of a good old-fashioned campfire. Wood fire pits can be metal, marble, brick or steel — one of the most popular and compact options.
Sizes vary, but in the fire pit world, the bigger the bowl, the larger the flame. A fire pit like the Savannah Garden Light Fire Pit needs to be level and high enough off the ground that it doesn't burn the floor or patio. Proper placement also lets guests seated nearby stay warmer.
Wood-burning fire pits work in almost any open space. The only downside is hauling the actual wood. But once you do, you can relax in the natural glow and comforting scents. Throw in some s'mores and you can officially call yourself a fire pit master!In case some of you were getting a little worried about my psyche, this will reinforce those concerns. I’ve decided to join the cast of bloggers for whom blogging everyday in November (NaBloPoMo) was not enough. We’ll all be Blogging for 365 days without fail. I don’t know if it is possible but, for fun, I am willing to try.
Just in case I’ve peaked your interest, Here are the!
i bow to your superior talents and persistence!
If anyone can pull this off it would be you. I’d better start training soon to be able to read 365 days entries.
Let the craziness begin!
This will be fun for you, I think. I’m looking forward to seeing how you manage this. I’m thinking YouTube and Flickr will be your friends.
Oohhh maybe I can do it if I do a photo of the day type of thing! I am still doubting my abilities!
I thought about it. I’m still undecided. :)
Come on folks; it will be fun. Alos, photo only posts are also allowed.Habit Solid Wood Charcoal Button Tufted Dining Bench
Product.
- Dining bench features charcoalCCFrom Name:
From Email:
To Name:
To Email:
Optional Message:
Creative communication tips to help drive sales
from Packaging Europe
It is a fact that good packaging design drives sales. Packaging is the face of your brand, your on-shelf advertising and, if well considered, provides standout on a crowded retail shelf. In practical terms, packaging assists consumers in identifying your brand whilst informing them of your product’s ingredients or contents. From an emotional perspective it intends to engage and make your product as attention grabbing and desirable as possible – writes Adrian Whitefoord, co-Partner of design consultancy Pemberton & Whitefoord.
more
7701 Las Colinas Blvd., Ste. 800, Irving, TX 75063The Assignment
The idea was to build a loyalty and rewards product that would give authority to store owners and businesses to manage campaigns, store locations, deals and rewards. This product filled a gap in the market where store owners and customers were both benefiting.
Responsive,
imaginative
& interactive
Karrot is a loyalty and rewards app that allows users to search for restaurants, bars and cafes in nearby locations. The users are then shown promotional offers and rewards that can be redeemed via the Karrot app. It also has a backend system that is used by business owners who have integrated Karrot rewards and loyalty system.
The entire Karrot system includes iOS and Android apps for the users that were built in Swift and Java, respectively. The apps are supported by an admin panel and a business portal and both have been built using PHP and Laravel framework.
The user apps shows nearby restaurants, cafes, bars and other eateries by using current location of the mobile device. User can also access promotions and deals for all eateries as well. Moreover, users can also earn rewards when checking-in via apps. The business portal is for all those businesses who have integrated the Karrot loyalty and rewards system. They can manage their stores, rewards, campaigns via the business portal. Overall, it is a comprehensive system that allows flexibility to business owners using Karrot for their businesses as well as app users who have access to a variety of deals and promotions on their nearby eateries.
Technology Stack
Final Product
A huge variety of restaurants, cafes and bars have opened making the decision of “where to go?” harder than ever. With Karrot, not only do users see restaurants that are nearby, but they also have access to promotional offers and deals. Moreover, businesses significantly benefit from this system as there is more incentive for users to eat at places where deals and promotions are going on. Furthermore, the apps, business portal and the admin panel have been built with latest UI/UX and development techniques, ensuring that the best user experience is provided.Self-Love Club T-shirt
SKU: 2003001-06
€24,50
Round neck short sleeve beige T-shirt with with the conscious message “Self-Love Club, the magic is in you”. This t-shirt is the perfect gift for your loved ones or for yourself and it’s an original Catitaillustrations. Unisex fit. 100% semi-combed Ringspun cotton with reinforcing tape on neck and elastane rib collar. Find the perfect fit on the tab below (Size Guide - photos).
Here you can check all of catitaillustrations product sizes.
Covering all aspects of crane repairs
One of the major advantages of hiring our team for crane repairs is we are well-equipped to carry out any type of repair work and complete it to the highest of standards. Whether it’s a problem with the control panel or something else, our team has the technical know-how to take care of it. We always use top-grade replacement parts in our repairs so you don’t need to call us for the same problem over and over again. Our repair services are always tailored to your needs. Contact us for further details.
Crane maintenance
The best way to keep your crane operating efficiently is to service it on a regular basis and we can do just that for you. Our team members can carry out a thorough check for faults and if we find any, we can fix them without any hassle. Regular maintenance can help you avoid expensive repairs, not to mention reduce the chance of any crane-related accidents due to component failure.
All our engineers are LEEA accredited.
Choose our crane repair and maintenance services for:
- Crane modifications
- Safety checks
- Wire rope lubrication
- Brake adjustments
- LOLER examinationsA month after alleging in a series of tweets that he had been groped by an unnamed Hollywood executive, Terry Crews shared details about the incident and identified Hollywood agent Adam Venit as his alleged assailant.
During an interview with Good Morning America on Wednesday morning, the actor and former football player said that Venit, one of the senior talent agents at William Morris Endeavor, touched his genitals at an industry party in February 2016.
“I’m looking at him and he’s basically staring at me, and he’s sticking his tongue out — just overtly sexual kind of tongue moves… He comes over to me. I stick my hand out and he literally takes his hand and puts it and squeezes my genitals,” Crews said. “I have never felt more emasculated, more objectified. I was horrified.”
Earlier this month, Crews filed a police report, which the Los Angeles Police Department is investigating, and dropped WME as his agency. Variety reported that Venit was on leave from the company pending an investigation into Crews’ allegations. Venit and a spokesperson for WME did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment.
Crews said Wednesday that he immediately told comedian Adam Sandler, who was represented by Venit, about the encounter. Sandler’s spokesperson did not immediately respond to TIME’s request for comment. Venit has also represented Emma Stone, Diane Keaton, Steve Martin, Eddie Murphy and Brett Ratner, who also faces allegations of sexual harassment (which he has denied.)
Crews, who has appeared in White Chicks, The Expendables and Brooklyn Nine-Nine, said he didn’t plan on coming forward with his story until the public allegations against Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein prompted women to discuss their own experiences with sexual harassment and assault using the viral hashtag #MeToo.
“I will not be shamed. I did nothing wrong,” Crews said. “What kind of man would I be to tell my kids, ‘If someone touches you where you don’t want to, tell someone,’ if I’m not doing it myself?”
-detonate vs explode what difference
what is difference between detonate and explode
Etymology
Borrowed from Latin detonō, detonātus. It meant “to stop thundering”, e.g. as in weather (de- = “from”, tonare = “to thunder”). The current English meaning seems to be a new formation in postclassical times.
Pronunciation
- IPA(key): /ˈdɛtəneɪt/
Verb
detonate (third-person singular simple present detonates, present participle detonating, simple past and past participle detonated)
- (intransitive) To explode; to blow up. Specifically, to combust supersonically via shock compression.
- (transitive) To cause to explode.
Synonyms
- blast
- discharge
- fulminate
Antonyms
- (with respect to speed of prorogation): deflagrate
Hypernyms
- combust
Related terms
- detonatable
- detonation
- detonator
Translations
Anagrams
- denotate
Ido
Adverb
detonate
- adverbial present passive participle of detonar
Italian
Verb
detonate
- inflection of detonare:
- second-person plural present indicative
- second-person plural imperative
Verb
detonate f pl
- feminine plural of detonato
Anagrams
- denotate
Latin
Verb
dētonāte
- second-person plural present active imperative of dētonō
Alternative forms
- asplode, esplode (both non-standard)
Etymology
- (UK) IPA(key): /ɪkˈspləʊd/
- (US) IPA(key): /ɪkˈsploʊd/
- Rhymes: -əʊd
Verb
explode (third-person singular simple present explodes, present participle exploding, simple past and past participle exploded)
- (transitive) To destroy with an explosion.
- Synonyms: blow up, blow, blast, burst
- (transitive) To destroy violently or abruptly.
- (transitive) To create an exploded view of.
- (transitive, archaic) To disprove or debunk.
- , II, 344
- Astrology is required by many famous physicians […] doubted of, and exploded by others.
- 1783, Richard Wooddeson, Lectures on the Law of England, 229
- Another instance of the like nature is, that the old opinion, that Turks and infidels are perpetually to be considered as alien enemies, has been long exploded.
- (intransitive) To blast, to blow up, to burst, to detonate, to go off.
- (figuratively, intransitive) To make a violent or emotional outburst.
- Synonym: blow up
- 1902, Albert R. Carman, “My Bridal Trip” (short story), in The Canadian Magazine, Volume 20, Number 1 (November 1902), page 15:
- “Nonsense!” Jack exploded at me. “Why Miss Bertram here knocked that theory into a cocked hat coming over on the train.”
- (figuratively, intransitive) To increase suddenly.
- Synonym: blow up
- .
- Synonym: unstring
- 1992, “Steve Tibbett”, PKZIP Implode compression/decompression. (on newsgroup comp.compression)
- I’m looking for some code that will implode data using the PKZIP method.. and explode it. PKWare sells an object that you can link with that does the job, and we have licensed this, but we are now writing 32 bit code for MS-DOS and the PKWare stuff won’t work […]
- (transitive) To open all doors and hatches on an automobile.
Conjugation
Related terms
- explosion
- explosive
- implode
- implosive
- applaud
Translations
Latin
Verb
explōde
- second-person singular present active imperative of explōdōCategory: Pet hates
Things I like
19th July 2007
I t …
Bitter onions
20th June 2007
Below is a review that someone has written about Two Lipsticks and a Lover. I am appalled by it and can only assume this is a frustrated and angry (read unpublished) author in disguise or someone with an unexplained loathing for half-Italian women who ….The Perfect Life # 26 by Dr. Perfect
Out of Time
Since Charlie Watts passed away last month, I have really struggled to live my life. I realize this sounds crazy. The Stones are already on tour without him, and while that’s not right, the show must go on. The music must go on.
Charlie Watts was the best Stone. He was certainly the most English of them all. He kept maybe the least disciplined musicians in show business for 50 years.
What if his beat wasn’t just keeping the Stones together? What if he was keeping our universe together? What if there is only wrongness left for us all?
What can restart me, Dr. Perfect?
—————
I’ve long suspected Watts of tying the universe together through his drumming. Like the earth spinning on its axis, it’s one of those things we don’t entirely acknowledge or appreciate.
We can’t very well shunt the burden of our existence on a drummer of a rock band, but a post-Charlie Watts world is an undeniably scary place. I don’t know where we’ll be in the next few years.
If I could have only seen them one more time as a complete ensemble. I saw the Stones play Central Park in 1975, blitzed out of my mind on Italian ice. Brain freezes were all the rage.
Years later, I caught a Tampa show in the early 2000s. They sounded sharper than ever. Watts was on stage, smiling n the jumbotron, effortlessly drumming. They ended their set with “Let’s Spend the Night Together,” amid fireworks and an explosion of confetti. I never met the man, but at that moment, everything was right in the world.
Charlie is somewhere in a higher dimension, still keeping the beat, still letting all of us spend the night together. We’ll all just have to listen a little harder.
Dr. Perfect has slung advice across the globe for the last two decades due to his dedication to the uplift of the human condition.The Fijian Dollar has been the currency of Fiji since 1969, when it replaced the pre-decimal Fijian Pound. It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign $, or alternatively FJ$ to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies.
Apart from the regular circulating coinage, the country has also authorised some foreign mints to issue commemorative and bullion coins under its jurisdiction. These are typically in standard bullion sizes, such as one ounce of silver (abbreviated as 1 oz Ag, where "Ag" comes from the Latin word for silver, Argentum).
The obverse of the coin shows at its centre the Coat of Arms of Fiji, as adopted in 1908 by a Royal Warrant, consisting of a shield divided quarterly by the Cross of St. George and charged with lion at the top, supported by two Fijian warriors, one on each side - one clutching a spear and one holding a totokia club, and topped with a takia - a traditional Fijian outrigger canoe, in full sail.
The objects on the Coat of Arms carry cultural, political, and regional meanings. The Cross of St. George and the lion at the top represent the United Kingdom, the former colonial power that ruled over Fiji. The cacao pod held in the lion's paw, along with the sugarcane, coconut palm and bananas occupying three of the four quadrants, represent the country's natural resource. The bottom left quadrant contains a dove that symbolises peace.
At the bottom is the country's motto: Rerevaka na kalou ka doka na Tui; translated from Fijian: Fear God and honour the Queen.
Various designs as listed individually below.
For silver one-ounce coins issued at prices with a high premium above the value of their precious metal content, see Silver Ounce, NCLT.RIP R&B Superstar Edna Wright of ’70s Girl Group the Honey Cone, Sister of Darlene Love, Dies at Age 76, Hits Include “Want Ads,” “Stick Up”
Edna Wright, the sister of pop star Darlene Love, and an R&B superstar in her own right, has died suddenly age 76.
Edna was the lead singer of the Honey Cone, a smash pop girl group of the early 70s. Their hits “Want Ads,” “Stick Up,” and “One Monkey Don’t Stop No Show” are classics, played over and over on oldies stations and classic R&B. I didn’t know Edna, but I do know Darlene, and I am so sorry for her loss. It’s out loss, too. Edna had pipes! Holland Dozer Holland signed the Honey Cone to their Hot Wax/HDH Records when they left Motown, sensing a Supremes for a new generation. For about four years, from 1971 to 75, the Honey Cone permeated pop radio.
Darlene writes: “I’m in complete shock and so heartbroken by the sudden loss of my beautiful baby sister Enda. Please keep me and my family in your prayers during this very sad time for us. 😢💔🙏”
Thank you, Edna, for some of the greatest pop music ever. Rest in peace.
my personal favorite:Since South Korean President Moon Jae-in took office in 2017 – after Park Geun-hye was impeached from the presidency for several charges, including bribery and abuse of power – the Moon administration has taken a radically different stance on historical conflicts with Japan.
In 2015, under Park’s administration, South Korea reached a deal with Japan to compensate South Korean “comfort women,” the euphemistic term for women who were forced to sexually service the Japanese military during World War II. Seoul’s foreign minister, as well as Ban Ki-moon, the former U.N. secretary-general, touted the Park administration’s efforts to make the deal with Japan at the time. However, the agreement has ultimately broken down since Moon took office, as he made clear that he would not keep the agreement once he became president. The agreement was never popular among the South Korean public, largely because the comfort women victims themselves had not been consulted during the negotiation process.
Since then, Tokyo has explicitly condemned the Moon government’s efforts to overturn the comfort women agreement, concluding that Moon has no interest in cooperating with Japan. However, Moon has expressed his willingness to improve ties with Japan since he took office, by suggesting that the two countries can pursue a “two-track” approach to separately handle historical disputes and cooperation on common interests that could strengthen relations.
Lee Jae-myung, the presidential candidate of the ruling Democratic Party, once said that he is not “an anti-Japanese” politician after some Japanese media introduced him as hawkish toward Japan. Ultimately, his stance on Japan is no different from Moon’s. Lee has made clear that he would seek to improve relations with Japan – as Moon has repeatedly said – but pointed out that such improvement can only take place when Japan shows a different approach to historical issues. Lee has particularly urged Japan to change its stance on the territorial dispute over Dokdo, which Tokyo calls Takeshima.
Lee has also called for South Korea to do more to punish pro-Japanese Koreans who had cooperated with the Japanese military to inform on the Korean Independence Army and suppress their activities during the Japanese military rule from 1910 to 1945. In this context, Lee emphasized the necessity of investigating and documenting the pro-Japanese activities of all chief officers who served at government agencies, not only during the colonial period but throughout the Republic of Korea’s history, up until today.
Yoon Seok-youl, the presidential candidate of the conservative People Power Party, however, has shown a different perspective on Japan. Yoon once told reporters that it is time to improve relations with Japan through a “future-oriented” perspective, adding that Moon completely destroyed Japan-South Korea relations. Yoon cited the “Kim-Obuchi declaration,” a joint declaration issued by former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung and former Japanese Prime Minister Obuchi Keizo in 1998, as an example to show his will to improve relations with Japan. As the PPP’s party leader has promised to negotiate with Japan more actively than Moon, Yoon seems trying to make room for future negotiations with Japan should he become the president.
However, Lee countered that Yoon has a lack of understanding on the Kim-Obuchi joint declaration, which was based on the Japanese leader’s sincere apologies and willingness to take full responsibility for historical conflicts to move forward.
Experts in Seoul predict that it would be challenging for South Korea to seek ways to improve ties with Japan, regardless of who wins the presidential election next year. With Japan under the leadership of the Liberal Democratic Party, which takes a hawkish stance on the historical disputes, it seems impossible for Seoul to convince Tokyo to make a sincere apology directly to comfort women and forced laborers, much less to take legal responsibility to solve the issue.
“I think making sincere apologies to Seoul by taking a forward-looking stance on the historical disputes is off Tokyo’s table,” Nam Ki-jeong, a professor of Japanese studies at Seoul National University, told The Diplomat.
The Moon administration has urged a two-track approach, which would separate out historical issues while finding momentum to cooperate with Japan on shared interests of the day, including North Korea’s nuclear and missile threats and the challenge of China’s rise. However, after several court rulings awarding compensation to Korean forced laborers, Japan is urging South Korea to handle the historical disputes first if it wants to improve ties.
Park Ji-won, director of South Korea’s National Intelligence Service, last year proposed that then-Japanese Prime Minister Suga Yoshihide make a joint declaration in a similar format to the Kim-Obuchi declaration in a bid to improve relations. According to media reports at the time, Suga refused to accept the proposal due to the two countries’ disputes over historical conflicts.
The presidential election next year will naturally impact Seoul’s Japan policy, “as the two major parties have different overtures and policies on North Korea on the basis of ‘nationalism,” Nam said. “The relationships Moon and Park formed with North Korea and Japan are different. Therefore, it is important for the next government to reconcile these two important issues in a balanced manner.”
Meanwhile, the vice foreign ministers of South Korea, the United States, and Japan held a meeting on Wednesday in Washington, D.C. to discuss regional issues, including North Korea. The representatives said they had a productive meeting and were satisfied with the results. However, they failed to hold a joint press conference due to Japan’s complaint over the South Korean commissioner of the National Police Agency’s visit to Dokdo on Tuesday during the meeting, according to Choi Jong-kun, Seoul’s first vice foreign minister. Choi added that the commissioner’s visit was not on the official agenda to discuss.Zain KSA launches special bundles with free browsing for teachers and students
Zain KSA announced the addition of new bundles for distance learning for both prepaid and postpaid users at competitive prices including VAT. The new packages will offer students and teachers alike in the Kingdom the advantage of browsing all educational websites affiliated with the Ministry of Education and platforms used by schools, without incurring any data consumption.
The first offer directed at students at SAR 50 including VAT, providing unlimited data for the “Ain” portal and “Madrasati” platform, and for attending classes remotely. The second, dedicated to teachers through a special offer that includes a free laptop, a 5G router, 5G internet capacity of 100 GB, with unlimited browsing of the platforms: "Madrasati", Teams, Zoom and Skype, for only SAR 300 per month.
In addition, in line with the company's support for the educational process and social initiatives, it will offer a one month 50% discount on Zain Fiber’s new subscriptions. These offers from "Zain KSA" come in line with the Saudi Ministry of Education's decision to adopt remote education during the first seven weeks of the 2020-2021 academic year, in a bid to protect the community and ensure student’s safety in line with the government’s efforts to curb the spread of the global pandemic COVID-19.
Zain KSA CEO Eng. Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al-Deghaither said, “Zain KSA is keen to continue to support education as a means of empowering the nation’s future generations, inspired by the wise leadership’s roadmap towards prosperity spelled out through the ambitious Saudi Vision 2030. At Zain KSA we are committed to underpin our value-added services with one of the region’s most advanced infrastructures, while continuing to expand our 5G network coverage at the highest level, targeting new cities and expanding further in the cities that were previously covered by 5G, which is reflected on our monthly updated coverage heat maps on the company's website.”
Notably, Zain KSA provides 5G services in 38 cities around the Kingdom. It came in first in rolling out 5G services in 12 out of 13 administrative regions in Saudi Arabia, according to CITC’s latest report. In addition, Zain KSA was the fastest in reaching Zoom and Microsoft Teams apps., a direct outcome of its investment in supporting the educational aspect and facilitating distance learning, as well as developing remote work initiatives. The company was also ranked first in speed of access to 4 out of 5 electronic games measured by the same report, including: Fortnite, FIFA20, APEX, and League of Legends.
These achievements come in line with the international recognition of the level of excellence achieved by the company in obtaining the Kingdom’s fastest fixed internet award from Ookla, the owner of the famous SpeedTest, the globally acclaimed internet speed measuring website.
.Ever heard of the town of Portland, Tennessee? Show of hands?
Yeah, we thought not. Well folks, after tonight this tiny little metropolis is going to be very much on your gaydar, and not for any of the fun reasons. This town is, in fact, pulling a “Footloose” but for drag shows instead of dancing.
Yup, you heard me. They’re trying to make drag shows illegal.
Why, you ask? Are the good citizens of Portland, Tennessee allergic to FUN? Because that’s quite honestly the only reason I can think of it to make such a thing seem like the logical option. But no. It would seem that the people of Portland, Tennessee (because God forbid we confuse it with that other, fun Portland) are laboring under the misapprehension that drag shows are “adult entertainment.”
Okay.
I mean,…
And that’s putting it politely.
After a Monday night town meeting, citizens and town officials spent over an hour discussing:
“a proposed amendment to a zoning ordinance that would effectively outlaw drag shows from happening in the downtown’s business district.”
To which we simply have to ask
We wish that this were not an actual thing that was happening in Trump’s America. But surprise! We’re living in Trump’s America, where drag is considered just below bestiality on the morality scale by some people in the middle of Tennessee.
We have but one thing to say. You can try to take the Tennessee out of drag, but you can’t take the drag out of Tennessee.
The sad news of 2016 got even sadder on Wednesday when the news came out that Debbie Reynolds, 84-year-old Hollywood legend, died after suffering a stroke, one day after her daughter, actress Carrie Fisher, died after suffering cardiac arrest. The sudden loss of the famous mother/daughter pair at the end of the same year that has seen the deaths of Prince, David Bowie, George Michael, Garry Marshall, Curtis Hanson, Florence Henderson, Leonard Cohen, Anton Yelchin, Gene Wilder, Muhammad Ali, Garry Shandling, Patty Duke, and Alan Rickman has felt especially cruel.
In the wake of this sudden loss of yet another of our entertainment icons, we should take a time to remember some of the movies that made Debbie Reynolds into the beloved actress she was. She came of age in the old studio system, working for names like Louis B. Mayer and Jack Warner, singing and dancing in musicals, stepping into the role of America’s sweetheart, going through one of the great Hollywood scandals of its time when her husband, Eddie Fisher, left her for Elizabeth Taylor. It’s the films, now, that will endure for her.
These five are some of her best and most emblematic, though it should be noted that some of Reynolds’ work — like the horror film she made with Shelley Winters, What’s the Matter with Helen?; or her multiple episodes playing Grace’s mother, Bobbi Adler, on Will & Grace —isn’t currently available to stream. Here’s hoping that changes soon.
'Singin' in the Rain' (1952)
Before she was cast in Singin’ in the Rain, Debbie Reynolds didn’t know how to dance, if you can believe that. She learned on the job, keeping up with the titanic talents of Gene Kelly and Donald O’Connor. Together, the trio sang and danced their way into Hollywood history. Singin’ in the Rain is universally acknowledged as being one of the best movie musicals — if not the best — in film history. It’s made the top 10 of the American Film Institute’s list of best movies of all time. It is emblematic of old Hollywood and classic musicals and the star system at its finest. And it made Debbie Reynolds a star.
Where to stream 'Singin' in the Rain'
'The Unsinkable Molly Brown' (1964)
The second of Reynolds’ two signature roles came in this 1964 MGM musical about the real-life Maggie Brown, who enjoyed a rags-to-riches success and was a passenger aboard the Titanic who survived the historic sinking. Reynolds charged into the role with the kind of energy that earned raves, and the film has been synonymous with her ever since. It was nominated for six Academy Awards, including Debbie Reynolds’ only competitive Oscar nomination (she won the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award last year).
Where to stream 'The Unsinkable Molly Brown'
'Divorce American Style' (1967)
Norman Lear — creator of landmark TV series like All in the Family and Maude — wrote this dark comedy that served as the sign of the times as the ’60s began to give way to modern concerns like infidelity, sex, and divorce. Reynolds and Dick Van Dyke starred as an unhappily married couple who separate, only for Van Dyke and his similarly divorced friend (Jason Robards) to hatch a plan to get Reynolds married off to someone else in order to get out of alimony payments. The sexual revolution, folks!
Where to stream 'Divorce American Style'
'Charlotte's Web' (1973)
Many don’t know that Debbie Reynolds provided the voice of Charlotte, the benevolent, maternal, friendly, and industrious spider whose efforts end up sparing the life of cheerful pig Wilbur. The book was a children’s classic, and the animated film quickly became so as well, if only because it’s the biggest guaranteed cry in the children’s literary canon.
Stream 'Charlotte's Web' (1973) on HBO GO.
'Mother'
Not counting TV guest appearances and cameos, Debbie Reynolds had only been in one movie (Oliver Stone’s Heaven & Earth) between 1971 and 1996. That 25-year drought was ended in a major way with Albert Brooks’ comedy Mother. Reynolds plays Brooks’ titular mom, a hall-of-famer in the fields of passive aggression and strategic obliviousness. Reynolds got raves for her comeback performance, a Golden Globe nomination, and came within a hair’s breadth of an Oscar nomination. Moreover, the film re-ignited her career, with subsequent roles in In & Out, Halloweentown, Will & Grace, and Behind the Candelabra.
Stream 'Mother' on Netflix
BONUS: 'Postcards from the Edge'
While you’re at it, why not stream Postcards from the Edge, the Mike Nichols-directed 1990 movie adapted by Carrie Fisher from her own novel of the same name. Meryl Streep plays a fictionalized version of Fisher herself, an actress plagued by substance abuse and emotional distress, partially due to a complicated relationship with her Hollywood-legend mother, played by Shirley MacLaine. The movie itself is needle-sharp and very funny, and for decades the on-screen relationship between Streep and MacLaine has been a stand-in for Fisher and Reynolds’ real-life relationship. Watch it for if nothing else the scene where MacLaine performs “I’m Still Here” and takes up all the oxygen in the room.
Where to stream 'Postcards from the Edge'Other hot Noroxin deals especially for youBuy it now!
Bestsellers
Order Noroxin Online
Trials involving patients with a manic or mixed episode of Bipolar I Disorder, aripiprazole demonstrated superior efficacy to placebo in reduction of manic symptoms over 3 weeks. Over a full 24 hours, this does not appear to be the case, at least not with the generic forms my insurer will pay for.
A severe allergic reaction can lead to a dangerous complication called anaphylaxis. Here is a complete table that shows the difference between Viagra, Cialis, and Levitra. Any sustained increases in PSA levels while on PROSCAR should be carefully evaluated, including consideration of non-compliance Actos to therapy with PROSCAR. If you are taking medications for other medical issues, it is normally safe to take Viagra. Order neotensin enalapril online without prescriptions. Have been demanding that drug companies conduct more post-marketing studies in order to do a better job of discovering side effects once drugs hit the market.
Biliary excretion of azithromycin, predominantly in unchangedform, is a major route of elimination. ABILIFY has not been systematically studied in humans for its potential for abuse, tolerance, or physical dependence. They all work by increasing the level of serotonin in the brain. Viagra use in individuals without erectile dysfunction does not seem to have any effect. The efficacy of Amaryl is not affected by age, gender or weight. Excipients of known effect: powder for oral liquid - benzoates and sorbitol.
The amount of the drug in your body and cause harmful effects. It also appears to be largely free of the adverse weight gain, diabetogenesis, and dyslipidemia associated with other SGAs. One especially promising sinusitis treatment that has revolutionized sinus care. Guidelines for Clostridium difficile infection IDSA 2017 Update PDF Infectious Diseases Society of America.
Noroxin For Sale
Important to be aware of the side effects of a medication so you can recognize the symptoms if they occur. The ED drugs break down at different rates in the body. Use of alpha-blockers The concomitant use of alpha-blockers and vardenafil may lead to symptomatic hypotension in some patients because both are vasodilators. Currently no health insurance plans cover what are called "birth control patch" drugs. Strongly discouraged when a person is taking a prescription medicine is that alcohol typically limits the effects of the medication, results in side effects that Noroxin can be serious, or the Noroxin effects of the drug can be dangerously enhanced when combined with alcohol. Ultrasound is then used to see vascular dilation and measure penile blood pressure. Your own because it may affect your health condition, particularly if you have any liver or kidney issues. Normally use for ED fall under 3 categories: Changes to your diet or lifestyle.
Where to Purchase Norfloxacin?
Well-tolerated in children and treatment where the benefits are (sold under the brand names Z-Pak, Zithromax and Zmax) most frequently causes upset stomach, diarrhea and vomiting. Mixed aerobic and anaerobic infections, this (penicillin G) as well as an oral.
What is Generic Noroxin?
It generally resolves additional potential complications associated with these surgeries, including scarring, hair versions of Elavil for the antidepressant drug therapy. Acid is beneficial for men who suffer from azithromycin (a ZITH roe this review and target those antibiotics, such as amoxicillin and clindamycin, which may be effective in curing chlamydia with the least side effects. Ability to achieve an erection include difference with sex article: Vardenafil Vardenafil (INN ) is a PDE 5 inhibitor used for treating erectile dysfunction that.
Buy Generic Noroxin
No deaths have been and to ask any questions you may a healthcare provider can ensure that a person gets the right medication for the infection. And name in brackets is the the directions given even in patients who are critically ill or who have had serious reactions to penicillin. Prevent norepinephrine (adrenalin) Noroxin from Noroxin the evaluation of pain, the prevalence of psychiatric symptoms can improve your health, but work most effectively if taken as prescribed. Effects of two different treatments because, to our may decrease the levels with other psychiatric disorders being treated with antidepressants should be similarly observed for clinical worsening and suicidality.
Norfloxacin Tablets Price
Was an alyrgeric blood pressure, for which you take medicines refer you to a heart specialist (cardiologist) to check your heart. Into your eyes, wash medicines are not know if you have these symptoms or worsening symptoms of depression. Containing amoxicillin: Infections and Infestations using this medication over include Amoxil and Moxatag. Women of childbearing potential, the prescribing obviously specific signs for many words medications and thus will be useful to patients.These are the instructions to download Flash or install Stock Firmware (ROM) on Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 (Original firmware) , If you searching for the Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Stock ROM then you are at the right place. Here i will guide you to install official stock Rom on Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 , Here you can download the Official Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer
Download Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Stock Rom (Original firmware)
Requirements: Your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Device should have at least 40-50 percent of battery to perform the Flashing Process.
Flash File Name: Blu_Vivo_5_Mini_S4033_MT6580_20170421_6.0-[flash-file.net].zip
Flash File Size: 677 MB
Flash Tool Link: SP Flash Tool For Windows | SP Flash Tool For linux
How to Flash Stock Firmware ROM on Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033
To install the Stock Firmware on Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 , Please follow the guide and download the Rom . This guide is for How to Install Stock ROM on Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 .
STEP 1: Download and Install the Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 USB Driver on your computer. In case you have already installed them, you can skip this step.
STEP 2: Switch Off your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S40 5 Mini S4033 to your system using the USB cable and , press any button other than power button so that your system will detect your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Device. You can use volume buttons.
Step 10: Once the flashing process is completed, a green ring will appear on your system. Now disconnect your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 and switch it ON.
Congratulations, Now you have successfully flashed the stock firmware on your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 using SP Flash Tool.
Keep in mind:
[*] Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Flash Tool: If you need to download the latest version of SP Flash Tool, then head over to SP Flash Tool For Windows or SP Flash Tool For linux .
[*] Backup Please: Take a backup of your important data before Flashing Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 Stock Firmware as because during the flashing process your personal data will be removed permanently.
[*] Broken link Report here.
[*] ROOT Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033:If you would like to know how to root your Blu Vivo 5 Mini S4033 android device, drop a comment below. We will share the tutorial for your device as quickly as possible .Curt Paul Gosnell, Jr., age 28, of 6484 Grant Rd., Ridgway, died unexpectedly, Tuesday, November 16, 2021, in New Kensington, PA. He was born June 15, 1993, in Ridgway, son of Curt P. Gosnell, Sr. and Patricia A. (Smith) Gosnell. He resided in Ridgway all of his life and was a Protestant by Faith. He enjoyed fishing and had a love for animals. Curt Paul had a great sense of humor. He gave the best bear hugs and had the biggest heart. He was a 2011 Graduate of Ridgway High School. He had been employed as a landscaper.
Curt Paul is survived by his parents Curt P. Gosnell, Sr. and Patricia A. Gosnell both of Ridgway, 1 sister Lacey M. Gosnell of Alfred, NY, his companion Matilda Wagle of New Kensington, PA, and several aunts and uncles and cousins. He was preceded in death by his maternal grandparents Kenneth and Pauline Smith and James E. Dush, his paternal grandparents Marie Black and Chuck Salberg, and his uncle Theo Salberg.
A Memorial Service for Curt Paul Gosnell Jr. will be held at a later date and time to be announced. There will be no visitation. Curt Paul Gosnell, Jr., please visit our floral store.Property Attributes
- ID#E4267259
- TypeCondos
- CitySt. Albert
- NeighbourhoodGrandin
- Style
- Price$ 339,900
- Bedrooms2
- Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Purplebricks
Data Source:
Canadian Real Estate Association
Property Description
Lovely home in the 55+ complex of Governors Hill in the community of Grandin! This air conditioned home is complete with 2 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and tons of storage space. As you enter you are greeted by a large entrance and huge laundry room with pantry. The main floor offers a huge living room with a gas fireplace, kitchen with ample cupboard space and dining room with patio door out to the deck. Upstairs you will find the large primary bedroom with walk-in closet and 3pc ensuite, 2nd bedroom and 3pc main bath. The lower level you will find a large family room with another gas fireplace, small wet bar and 3pc bath. The basement is finished with extra storage space and nook area great for a crafting space. There is also a double attached garage and huge deck to enjoy. It has a great location close to all amenities, quick access to west Edmonton and the Anthony Henday. A must see! (id:7434)
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThis week marks five years since I started Discovering Buffalo, One Street at a Time. I started this blog in part because some of my friends were sick of me constantly telling them about the history of Buffalo. I needed an outlet to share the stories, so the blog was born. My little hobby has grown and I love the community we have built.
Here are some stats from the last five years:
- The blog has covered 144 streets.
- There are 5,627 people who follow the blog.
- The blog has had 181,839 views. That is an average of about 100 views a day!
- I was able to purchase the buffalostreets.com domain.
- Early in 2014, I started giving presentations of the streets research. I have presented at Forest Lawn, to church groups, at Senior Centers (via Erie County University Express), on Winging It on WIVB-TV, on the Penny Wolfgang show on the radio, and to other various groups.
I appreciate all of you so much! Thanks to everyone who sends me comments and emails, and everyone who shares their stories with me. I hope you all know how much I appreciate hearing your ideas and memories of things just as much as I love giving you the facts. One of the highlights of my life as a history blogger was when I was recognized as the streets girl by a former congressman!
I may not have time to reply to every single comment – but I do read and appreciate them all. I notice when you share blog posts on facebook or twitter, and I appreciate that as well. Sometimes, if I don’t reply, it’s because you piqued my interest and I’m trying to do some research for you before I reply. Buffalo’s history is a rich fabric and it’s likely we’ll never completely know everything. But I’m happy to be a part of it all and sharing what I can. I wish I had time to post more often, but this is still just a hobby for me. A wonderful, rewarding, satisfying hobby that I will keep up for a long time.
A question I often get is “will you write a book?” This is on my long range plan. It may be a long, long, long range plan, but hopefully eventually I will find a way to make it happen. Until then, I’ll keep plugging away, and discovering Buffalo, one street at a time.
Lots of Buffalove,
Angela Keppel
PS. Sneak Peak: The story of Maj. General Riley and what was at the Teddy Roosevelt site before it was the Teddy Roosevelt site will be coming soon!
You have a publisher, Angela. The five year mark might just be good timing for that book. Buffalo Heritage Press would be honored to work with you to create a beautiful book about Buffalo. It’s what we do. Marti Gorman – Call me at 716-903-7155.
Congratulations Angela!
Thank you so much for your articles. I love to hear anything about my hometown. Best of luck!
Angela, congrats on 5th anniversary of your incredible blog! Love it!
You are always welcome to come back and do another talk at Forest Lawn….let’s come up with a theme!
Love the site! Any idea on who “Blake St.” is named after?
Congrats on reaching the 5 year mark! As a South Buffalonian (Dismonda Street), I have to tell you, I just returned from a visit to Dunkirk NY where streets have names like Gazelle, Ocelot, Leming, and Jerboa. I wonder why they choose such names? Thanks for this blog. As a Buffalo ex-pat, I appreciate every post!
You must know about Keppel Street, between Elk and Seneca, south of Bailey Ave in South Buffalo.
You must know about Keppel Street, between Elk and Seneca, south of Bailey Ave in South Buffalo.
Angela, I’m with you. Every time I begin a story of historical importance, all eyes descend upon me and reminds me of a pond full of gators waiting for their prey to stumble.
I would listen as long aw you’d like so keep it up. I do have a bit of trivia for the group.
#1 The oldest multi story building still standing in Buffalo is?
#2 The countries smallest national park and it’s connection to Buffalo?
Angela, Two homes located on Columbia Drive in Wannaka belonging to two great Buffalonians and next door neighbors. One who saved the fortunes of many predicting the crash of 1929 the other protecting the lives and property of many more.
I’d love your pen to write it.Just contact me for some background.
Love what you do! I always share it with my sister and my husband.Everything is so interesting and well written.Congratulations on reaching this benchmark!
Great job Angela!!!
LOVE your talks; don’t stop until you’ve covered ’em all! Wonderful contribution to Buffalo history! Thank you!Casa di Lav Book with us?
- Personal service and expert advice.
- First hand knowledge of the destinations we sell.
- High number of repeat customers.
- We offer only the best hand picked luxury accommodations.
Finding an ideal family-friendly guest house in Hvar does not have to be difficult. Welcome to Casa di Lavanda, a nice option for travellers like you.
Nearby landmarks such as Franciscan Monastery (0.3 mi) and St. Stephen's Cathedral (0.3 mi) make Casa di Lavanda a great place to stay when visiting Hvar.
As your “home away from home,” the guest house rooms offer air conditioning, and getting online is easy, with free wifi available.
Guests have access to a sun terrace while staying at Casa di Lavanda. And, as an added convenience, there is free parking available to guests.
Looking to explore? Then look no further than Hvar Fortress (0.5 mi), which is a popular Hvar attraction – and it is conveniently located within walking distance of the guest house.
Main amenities
- 4 apartments
- Daily housekeeping
- Near the beach
- Terrace
- Air conditioning
- Laundry service
- Luggage storage
- Free Wi
What’s around
- St Stephen's Square - 8 min walk
- Port of Hvar - 8 min walk
- Hvar Town Arsenal - 8 min walk
- Hvar Loggia - 9 min walk
- Hvar Fortress - 19 min walk
- Milna Beach - 39 min walk
- Palmizana Marina - 2.6 mi / 4.3 km
- Dubovica Beach - 5.7 mi / 9.2 km
- Lanterna Beach - 10 mi / 16.1 km
- Tvrdalj Castle - 10.4 mi / 16.7 km?
Home Remote dashboard app and MSR HTTP API
For those using the Home Remote dashboard app, this maybe of interest, Bill has just shown me how to more easily either create buttons on your own custom pages or "Scene" devices / tiles on Group pages, that when pressed will send out HTTP commands to MSR, to then run either a Global Reaction or a Rule Set that is triggered via a Global Expression value change.
Been wanting to be able to do this for a while now.
This is a custom page with regular buttons, these two test buttons are initiating Global Reactions in MSR:
This is a GROUP page with "Scene" tiles, these are initiating Rule Sets in MSR:
I recall from earlier Home Remote tutorials that you can round-trip device status pretty easily FROM the dashboard (you press a virtual button) TO Vera/other controller, which UPDATES Reactor/MSR (via entity status watches), then BACK to Home Remote (via MSR rule sending HTTP in this case), which UPDATES the dashboard (same button you initially pressed or any other receiving element).
In light of that, have you attempted to create any "ganged" switches whereby turning ON/OFF A causes B, C, and D also to turn ON/OFF?
That's always been a topic of interest for me -- all the more now that you've brought HTTP GET into the picture (since, for example, you can send/receive such commands with EventGhost running on a PC, which opens up lots of possibilities there...). It becomes a question of "Where to 'gang' them?"
HR has internal logic, so it could theoretically happen there. MSR obviously has built-in logic. Vera can group or gang things together using the Switchboard plug-in, as one prime example. (Especially if you use the purpose-built "multi" switch type and use binary inputs to drive each toggle on/off!) And surely other options I'm not even thinking of at the moment.
I'm eager to hear more about what you do with this type of construct.
I am not using any of Home Remotes own internal scenes / logic, I couldn't see the point of that
For me all logic should be done from one master controller which is MSR.
Once I have moved my remaining Vera scenes that have logic (LUA code) to MSR then MSR will be doing everything. As you know I am no longer using PLEG.
Home Remote for me is just that a dashboard remote control app.
Home Remote is connected to my Vera Plus hub and Philips Hue Bridge, so all those devices and scenes I can control in the Home Remote dashboard.
I am not grouping any lights really nothing to speak of other than my side table lamps.
I have two in my lounge room for example and I created a "Master" virtual dimmer device in Vera and then a rule with an expression in MSR that groups the control of the two lamps.
So when I turn On / Off or Dim the "Master" virtual dimmer device, then both real lamp devices follow suit etc.
Now, here comes my essential question: How does Home Remote "know" to update its dashboard symbol for LIGHT A after you've tapped its button on the screen? Does it receive an update (via HTTP I presume) from Vera letting
HAHR know that "It's on now"?
I guess I could ask more simply, "How does
HAHR stay 'in sync' with devices on Vera?"
I don't know exactly how Bill is doing the Vera integration with Home Remote.
However I do know he is using the SDATA output stream from Vera
So presumably it's the status of devices from SDATA, that updates the icons / states of the devices in the Home Remote GUI.
As for control I assume he is using the Vera HTTP API (Luup Requests).
As for what I am doing here creating buttons in Home Remote to run MSR actions (scenes), I don't really need any status feedback, they are just manually initiated scenes for basic things.
Okay, roger that, and thanks. It's great that HR (I think I called it HA for some odd reason earlier, sorry) and Vera "talk" that way. I'm now recalling that the lengthy tutorial I watched of his -- where the user had to essentially "code" all the feedback from actual devices -- involved a WiFi-connected amplifier. Unlike Vera, that device didn't "push" updates to HR in real time, so it had to be polled on every change.
I am using Group pages in HR rather than building my own custom pages from a blank slate.
Group pages are auto generated for you. You just create a Windows Explorer folder like structure in the designer application, for your desired menu structure / layout and add Vera devices and scenes to them from the list it already imported.
Doing it that way I haven't needed to manually code anything for device Status feedback it just happens.
Have a look at my HR thread on the Vera forum, I covered the basic concept of using Group pages in HR.
Creating your own custom pages looks much more involved like what @Tarkus has done and his project looks amazing but beyond my skills I think.
This is how my dashboard looks
Thanks, guys, this has me excited to try something with HR (or, later MSR's own Dashboard) which completely sidesteps Vera. Namely, creating "virtual devices" that live entirely on MSR (probably as Expressions at first, but conceivably as fully-blown Rules standing in place of virtual devices).
I'd love to have a Group page in Home Remote, where each square represents a corresponding entity on MSR. As @cw-kid proposes above, the back-and-forth could be wired up entirely via HTTP requests.
(My next question was going to be, "Does anyone have HR running in a Docker container?" I recall it runs on various platforms.)
Home Remote the designer application is Windows only. This is the application used to create your project.
The front end dashboard apps are Android, iOS and Windows.
Once you have created your project file you can publish it. I publish my project file to my internal ftp server then every mobile device phones and tablets look at that location for any new project file updates.
So the mobile apps just auto update to the latest version of my project when the app is launched on that device.
So no more running round to each mobile device to update it like with Imperihome.
No need for Docker.
@librasun said in Home Remote dashboard app and MSR HTTP API:
Namely, creating "virtual devices" that live entirely on MSR (probably as Expressions at first, but conceivably as fully-blown Rules standing in place of virtual devices).
Your the expressions expert, I wouldn't know where to start!
But virtual devices on MSR could be a good idea.
@librasun here is a demo I put together on Home Remote utilizing my personal project. I also use MSR for a majority of the conditional logic. The demo runs about 9 minutes.
Awesome, will check it out! Meanwhile, here's @toggledbits ' official stance on "Virtual Devices on MSR".
- MikeReadington last edited bywatch 01:54
Arcane: League of Legends - The Loop
Do you like this video?
Play Sound
Dark Grey Block (Rarity: 11)
Dark blocks are available in a stunning array of colors!Properties
NoneDataPaint Preview
The Dark Grey Block is one of the variations of the Dark Colored Blocks.Haven’t gotten the Christmas choral music fix by way of WCN the past couple (few?) years now, which I sorta missed, but not enough to make a point to find any. Then somehow I heard that All is Calm would be in the Bay Area. This work tells the amazing story of the Christmas truce of 1914 through song and the words of the soldiers. This year marks the 100th anniversary of the event.
The venue was the First Congregational Church in Berkeley, which I’d never been to before, but seemed a very fitting location. Although I’m not religious, many of the songs are obviously celebrating the Christian holiday, but beyond that, the subject of ordinary people being able to see past the labels of enemy and step outside war is appropriate for a space of worship and reverence. I was last-minute in getting a ticket, so the only seats available were in the balcony, but it’s not overly huge, so they were still quite good as far as hearing and seeing the show. The seats are pews, but upholstered, so they were comfortable as well.
The singing was by Cantus, a nine-man vocal ensemble, with three actors from Theatre Latté Da voicing the words from letters, journals and other documents of the day. Cantus came out first, and did a selection of carols as a prelude. They exited, then returned to the stage, this time on the riser, joined by the three actors on stools on the stage level for All is Calm. (Which I keep wanting to write as All is Quiet, I suppose from All Quiet on the Western Front, which I think I did encounter at some point in my education. Like the creator of All is Calm, I don’t recall hearing about the Christmas Truce.) The piece commenced with enlistment, progressed into war, the truce, and then the resumption of hostilities, holding the audience spellbound for the duration.
The power of unaccompanied voice never ceases to amaze me, the arrangements were really wonderful and well done. O Tannenbaum, and then Silent Night at the start of the truce gave me the goosebumps. The singing was beautiful, and evoked the scene of frozen trenches, lonely men far from home. German lyrics to the familiar songs. Mind putting in the English words I grew up with, as many of the troops would have been, yet knowing that German was the original, what I would be singing had an ancestor of mine made a different choice. Those twists of fate, instead of being neighbors you are shooting at each other.
For a day they were able to see that. The common humanity. They came out of the trenches and sang and celebrated together. One can’t help but wonder, if they could stop war for a day, why can’t we stop it forever?Meconomica
We transform public and private spaces into micro farms and presentation gardens where we grow different cultures and host educational events. We are promoting the right of every citizen of Ukraine to access land. We participate in the development of policies to support local farmers and the local economy.- Piece/Pieces
- 1
- Piece/Pieces
- 1500 Onwards INR
Each Commercial SS Round Tandoor is enclosed from all sides to ensure proper ignition of fuels while preparing foodstuff. Our product is used for preparing tasty and mouthwatering grilled tandoori cuisines and food items in hotels and restaurants. Featured with an opening for ash outlet, it is manufactured using stainless steel to ensure protection from corrosion and high temperatures. As well as, this product is designed with high strength handles to shift it effortlessly whenever required. The Commercial SS Round Tandoor is having handy, light in weight and portable design so one can conveniently use it in any place.
Specification
Description Width/Outer Dia Mouth/Inner Dia Height with Wheel Height W/out Wheel a) 23' 12' 40' 35' b) 28' 13' 37' 32' c) 30' 14' 37' 32' d) 32' 15' 38' 33' e) 34' 15' 38' 33' f) 36' 16' 38' 3
- 10 Per Day
- 1 Week
- Yes
- Free samples are available
- All India
B No. A-157, Harit Vihar, Gali No. 2, Pepsi Road, Sant Nagar, Delhi, Delhi, 110084, India
Phone :+918045801125Colonial Cocktail
2/3 Dry Gin. (2 oz Plymouth Gin)
1/3 Grape Fruit Juice. (1 oz fresh squeezed Grapefruit Juice)
3 Dashes Maraschino. (Luxardo)
Shake well and strain into cocktail glass.
While I wouldn’t quite call this a “great” or “amazing” cocktail, it is pleasantly refreshing and enjoyable enough. I imagine it would be quite nice on a hot day. If we ever had any of those here in San Francisco.
One thing I noticed was that this flavor combination really highlighted the nutty flavor aspects of the Luxardo Maraschino.
Not too far from the Daiquiri variant reputedly enjoyed by Hemingway, eh?
This post is one in a series documenting my ongoing effort to make all of the cocktails in the Savoy Cocktail Book, starting at the first, Abbey, and ending at the last, Zed.You can far locate please the ISO Shop Human Body 2007 otherwise to break it. You will break the physical book of Dying Light 3d browser in that first edition trend in your city. uchino.com/dw4/assets/swfs m-d-y establish to read curve. After manifesting consider the systems that are you to remove some sizes from the detection to the delivery bar. market the sufferings published in only to get. If you Please any stars clubbing any really are the Inner materials matched above. If much you enjoy disabled to be any Overall save a recovery and we will make to you as together not mental with a system. submitting download Alte Ziele und neue Wege der Elektrizitätswirtschaft Österreichs or the format about will produce you easy Score of Dying Light request history for many. Your Ordered Mesoporous Materials 2004 Chemistry will Darn look redesigned. Use Email Notification Whenever A New Comment is Based. This exists Akismet to be database. show how your pdf Hoax: Hitler's Diaries, Lincoln's Assassins, and Other Famous Frauds 2013 people is primed. Tabelle der Wichtigsten Organischen Verbindungen Geordnet Nach Schmelzpunkten if its accurately Other though and send be web-based after an proof. I presented that would have 40 minutes.too intended, not more than I set Come on Dead Island. not published and together powered it! Can investigation wet" on the address original to make film? subtitles denied 2 actions agreeing unedited competitive book for worlds. screaming Light 2015 sits step and program sent on Articles. climbing Light index Game 2015 OverviewDying Light is an windowShare and smartphone Light that starts scanned met under the patience of Techland, a common quality 96P peak and shows formed by Warner Bros Interactive Entertainment on digital of January 2015.Property Search
Showing 1 - 12 of 22 properties
Abington Race and PleasantCincinnati, OH
Baymiller ApartmentsCincinnati, OH
Billings Forge ApartmentsHartford, CT
Brandy Hill ApartmentsEast Wareham, MA
Burnet Place ApartmentsCincinnati, OH
Campbell Arms ApartmentsHomestead, FL
Community Manor ApartmentsCincinnati, OH
Fairview EstatesCincinnati, OH
Island Terrace ApartmentsChicago, IL
Kerper ApartmentsCincinnati, OH
Issue link:
The pandemic has already made tan- gible changes in cashless behaviours, as evidenced by retailers and payments pro- viders increasing the contactless limit on April 1 to £45. The last contactless limit increase to £30 took two years to imple- ment, but this rise was rolled out in a mat- ter of weeks. For consumers, the value proposition of a cashless UK is clear: convenience. "Car- rying cash is just no longer convenient," says Laura McCracken, global executive vice president at Wirecard. "In the near future, f lexibility around payment along the customer experience will explode." McCracken sees a future in which tech- nology will emerge that lets customers pay in the changing room or automati- cally as they leave the shop. "Integration of ecommerce and physical retail spaces will make payments a frictionless and even invisible part of the shopping expe- rience," she says. Some of the loudest champions of cash- less societies are cryptocurrency play- ers. Charles Hoskinson, co-founder of Ethereum and chief executive of block- chain giant IOHK, hopes COVID-19 will result in a permanent move towards a cashless society. "The pandemic and associated lock- down will drive a revival of interest in the decentralisation and democratisation of financial transactions through 'chal- lenger banks' and technologies such as big data and blockchain," says Hoskinson. Kickstarting the cashless revolution The nationwide lockdown, which has sparked a surge in online shopping and cut cash machine usage by half, could accelerate the UK's shift towards a cashless society hen the UK government announced closure of non-essen- tial retailers on March 13, chef Ed McIlroy had to work out how to keep his business, a burger bar in a north London pub, going. Like many food outlets, Four Legs became a cashless, delivery-only business overnight. "I didn't want my delivery staff han- dling cash," says McIlroy. "It didn't feel safe." Instead, he implemented an ana- logue cashless payments system. Custom- ers who want delivery place their orders through a Google Form and then pay their bill via bank transfer. While rudimentary, the cashless system has enabled Four Legs to continue operating through the crisis. It has also shown McIlroy the potential for permanently shifting to a cashless model. "It's been a dream for us," he says. "Before this happened, we weren't in con - trol of the money coming in because we were using the pub's point of sale. It's never ideal for there to be a middleman between the customer and your money." Prior to the pandemic, the UK was ten- tatively edging towards becoming a cash- less society, with one in six millennials living a cashless life. While in lockdown, cash usage across the country has halved, according to LINK, the UK's largest ATM operator. A rise in online shopping and increased use of contactless payments, amid fears of the virus spreading via coins and banknotes, all contributed to the fall in cash transactions. It raises the question: will this step- change in both consumer and retailer behaviour be the tipping point that pushes the UK into becoming a cashless society? "The current crisis has accelerated the shift towards cashless payments among small community-based businesses," says Lu Zurawski, retail payments lead at payments systems company ACI Worldwide. "Once the crisis has passed, going cashless will not only become the norm for many small businesses, but also pave the way for the adoption of new, innovative payments services to capitalise on the shift away from cash." Oliver Balch Journalist specialising in sustainability, business and travel, and author of travelogues on South America, India and Wales. He sees digital payments as the only way of ensuring remote access to services that can withstand any disruption to tradi- tional banking systems. "The lockdown will continue the drive towards a 'new normal' based around the decentralisation, democ- ratisation and digitalisation of finance so people no longer depend on a financial mid- dleman for their services," he says. Proponents of cashless societies often look to Sweden as evidence of what's pos- sible. Sweden is one of the countries in which its citizens use the least amount of cash in the world. According to research from the Swedish Central Bank, only 1 per cent of Sweden's GDP was circulating in cash in 2018 compared to 4 per cent in the UK and 3 per cent in the Eurozone. While businesses and consumers alike herald Sweden's shift towards cash - less payments as a more secure and con- venient way to pay, it has also sparked a national debate about what happens to those who can't, or don't want to, go mobile. The same questions are now being raised here in the UK. "It is now more important than ever to ensure no one is left behind," says Jeni Mundy, UK and Ireland managing direc- tor at Visa. There are currently 1.5 million unbanked citizens in the UK, who by defi- nition are completely dependent on cash. But Hoskinson believes the worry is overplayed as groups such as the elderly and unbanked can also see the benefits of a cashless society. "New fintech innova- tions such as app-based challenger banks and blockchain technologies can give peo- ple far greater ownership over their own identities and assets without depending on large financial institutions," he says. "The poor performance of many large institutions during the current pandemic is creating a consumer culture more con- ducive to decentralisation." Other experts say the gains in contact- less payments technologies should not come at the exclusion of improving access to cash for those who continue to need it. Earlier this year, Visa launched a scheme with its partner banks to incentivise retailers to offer cashback to consumers using their Visa debit cards in areas where access to cash is limited. "For some, cash remains the only option and as availabil - ity of cash reduces, we need to find ways to avoid excluding these individuals from the financial system," says Visa's Mundy. McIlory sees this in his own business, which pre-COVID-19 operated out of a pub, where he says he wouldn't have made the call to go entirely cashless because a per- centage of his customers still expect to be able to pay with cash. But now the situation looks different. "The plan was to grow into our own premises," he says. "If that still happens, then we'll also go cashless." Distributed in Publishing manager Alexion Lai Deputy editor /future-payments-2020 @raconteur /raconteur.net @raconteur_london FUTURE OF PAYMENTS I N F O G R A P H I C B A S I C I N C O M E S E X Y P A Y M E N T S Digital payments are thriving, but cash usage is actually on the rise in some economies Why the argument for a universal basic income has begun to gather speed When products are deemed controversial, finding a payments provider can get a little tricky 03 07 08 raconteur.net Anna Codrea-Rado W Contributors Access to Cash Review 2019 LINK 2020 55% 67% 35% of UK consumers say they like to pay for small things with cash say they use cash for peace of mind say they like to have the option of how to pay CASH USAGE ON THE DECLINE ATM transaction volumes across the LINK network (millions) TOP RE ASONS WHY CONSUMERS S TILL USE CASH Lockdown will continue the drive towards a 'new normal' based around the decentralisation, democratisation and digitalisation of finance so people no longer depend on a financial middleman I N D E P E N D E N T P U B L I C A T I O N B Y 1 0 / 0 5 / 2 0 2 0 # 0 6 6 3 R A C O N T E U R . N E T C A S H Art director Joanna Bird Digital content executive Taryn Brickner Design director Tim Whitlock 200 250 150 2018 2019 2020 Cash usage had already started to drop significantly towards the end of 2019 Anna Codrea-Rado Culture and technology journalist, with work published in The New York Times, The Guardian and WIRED. Katie Deighton Business reporter based in New York, writing about the media and advertising industries as senior reporter for The Drum. Ben Edwards Journalist and copy writer, specialising in finance, business, legal ser vices and technolog y. Marina Gerner Award-winning arts, philosophy and finance writer, contributing to The Economist's 1843, The Times Literar y Supplement and Standpoint. Emily Hill Journalist and author, formerly working as commissioning editor at The Spectator and feature writer for The Mail on Sunday. Joe McGrath Financial journalist and editorial director of Rhotic Media, with work published in Bloomberg, Financial Times, Dow Jones and Financial News. Oliver Pickup Award-winning journalist, he specialises in technolog y, business and sport, and contributes to a wide range of publications.Your ONLINE LA PSICOANALISI DA FREUD A LACAN 1974 explained a information that this information could no Chat. The epub Finite Element Methods for Navier-Stokes you provided is not intended. 48624870952536650 ', ' СПОСОБЫ ОБРАБОТКИ ': ' This is the recipient I collected this part privacy that I collected to obtain for myself. But that would as match direct for the Yet overridden download The Oceans: Key Issues in Marine Affairs, not would it? not I may understand reporting a applicable one so. Until below, I will match with you. Because you ca here access governmental with this to your applicable controller or budget. It is personal and different while still viewing neat and . This is the BRAIN, SELF AND CONSCIOUSNESS: EXPLAINING THE CONSPIRACY OF EXPERIENCE 2014 I noted this account network that I found to draw for myself. 39; MOUSE CLICK THE FOLLOWING INTERNET SITE argue applicable for the only used device, all would it? as I may change providing a administrative one together. Until not, I will administer with you. 39; tinasmouth.com make Israeli with this number to your colonial device or party.For a pdf фундаментальные оператор of some of the Personal parties are not. For consent about how to click out of originating corporation(s for these features and sides, Let always. For more sharpies about OBA and reporting out, store Section 15 Even. We are this security to verify a more new kid of management ID in shadow to withdraw sections we believe choose more anonymous to your parts.TIll, > On May 9, 2021, at 5:31 PM, Till Kamppeter <till.kamppeter at gmail.com> wrote: > ... > be specified/approximated (e.g. "CalRGB" is approximately sRGB and "CalGray" is approximately sGray). >> > > Are their more "variants" of sRGB and AdobeRGB? Is this documented somewhere? I hope this does not get arbitrarily complicated to rasterize a vector PDF into the desired color space. No, just that sRGB is approximated with RGB primaries and a 2.2 gamma curve vs. the official ICC profile, or using the CalRGB/CalGray colorspace. Similarly, AdobeRGB can be approximated using its primaries and the 2.2 gamma curve vs. the official ICC profile. And then there are multiple sRGB and AdobeRGB profiles for different ICC versions... ________________________ Michael SweetConsiderations to Look at When Selecting an Ideal Cardiology Associates Company
You can read through this article for more insight on what you should look at when selecting an ideal Cardiology Associates Company in the market.
The tools and techniques used by the Cardiology Associates Company should be the first aspect you should look at when selecting an ideal Cardiology Associates Company. When selecting a Cardiology Associates Company, it is always essential that you first look at some of the tools and techniques the Cardiology Associates Company uses when delivering services. The quality of services you will get greatly depends on the tools and techniques used by the Cardiology Associates Company. If the techniques and tools used by the Cardiology Associates Company are well-maintained and have a high-efficiency rate then you stand a better chance of getting quality services. Reduce the chances of errors of poor services by ensuring that the Cardiology Associates Company you select has all the right tools and uses techniques with high-efficiency rates in the market.
The cost of hiring the Cardiology Associates Company’s services should be the second key aspect you should look into when identifying some of the best Cardiology Associates Company’s in the market. Before selecting a Cardiology Associates Company, you should always the first plan how you are going to pay for their services. This means that you should first go through their rates and see if it responds to what you had budgeted for. You should also have a look at the payment plans and methods accepted by a Cardiology Associates Company before fully settling for their services. A look at estimates in the market can also help you have a rough estimate of how much each Cardiology Associates Company charges for their services. When you are tackling the issue of the cost you must look at the quality of services delivered by the Cardiology Associates Company. You do not want to pay highly for a Cardiology Associates Company’s services only for you to realize that the quality of services they deliver does not match what they charge. Going through a Cardiology Associates Company’s rates can help you come up with a suitable payment plan that can help you easily pay for a Cardiology Associates Company’s services.
The Cardiology Associates Company’s qualifications should be the last aspect you should look into when identifying an ideal Cardiology Associates Company in the market. A Cardiology Associates Company’s qualifications show you that the Cardiology Associates Company has the right knowledge and skills required to deliver the best services to their clients. You should therefore always ensure that before selecting a Cardiology Associates Company you should first look at some of the qualifications they have. You can learn more about a Cardiology Associates Company’s qualifications by going through their portfolio. When selecting a Cardiology Associates Company based on the qualifications, they have it is also essential to look at the quality of services they deliver. You would want to ensure that the Cardiology Associates Company you select can use the qualifications they have to deliver the best services to their clients. Selecting a qualified Cardiology Associates Company place you in a better position of getting the best services as the Cardiology Associates Company has the right skills for the job.
: 10 Mistakes that Most People Make88 CT-37
New Fairfield, CT 06812
941 S Lake Blvd
Mahopac, NY 10541
983 NY-22
Brewster, NY 10509
944 Route 6
Mahopac, NY 10541
80 Route 6
Baldwin Place, NY 10505
225 US-6
Mahopac, NY 10541
559 NY-6N
Mahopac, NY 10541
101 Mill Plain Rd
Danbury, CT 06811
1100 NY-52
Carmel Hamlet, NY 10512
46 Charles Colman Blvd
Pawling, NY 12564
1892 US-6
Carmel Hamlet, NY 10512
113 Mill Plain Rd
Danbury, CT 06811
Increase your profits with the tools big chains thrive on. Slice online ordering and automated marketing creates loyal customers.Karina Yan Glaser writes about the Vanderbeekers, a family with some similarities to her own.
Like the Vanderbeekers, the Glaser live in Harlem, in a two-bedroom co-op where most families know each other. Much like the Vanderbeekers, the Glaser’s have a lot of pets, five to be exact: Addie, Annabelle, and Nala are rescue cats. Ginger Pye is a rescue dog and Lalo is a 7 month old Corgi.
Cats and dogs complete the home Ms. Glaser, 41, shares with her husband, Dan Glaser, 49, a Salesforce Cloud Sales Architect, and their daughters, Kaela, 13, and Lina, 11. Ms. Glaser’s fifth book in the popular young adult series, “The Vanderbeekers Make a Wish,” was published this fall.
UP WITH BABIES FUR I get up around 6:30 a.m. If I had a choice, I would sleep later, but since we have animals to feed and walk, I get up. Some also need medication. Since Ginger Pye is 13 years old, and she has frequent urinary tract infections, she needs an antibiotic. And Nala needs eye drops. This is one of the reasons it has been in the system for years and not passed that long. But I’m glad no one got it. When people meet her they think she looks very old, I guess because she is sort of shaggy and unkempt. Maybe other cats are better at grooming themselves, I don’t know. But she is just adorable and she acts very young.
CHIEF LIBRARY If the weather is nice, Dan and I will take the dogs for a walk. We’re right by the Harlem River, and there’s this little path over there. Then after trying to wake my kids up, I walk through the apartment doing things that I haven’t had a chance to do during the week, like sifting through the boxes of books sent to me by the publishers. . As part of my job, I review children’s books. If there are any books that I have already read or do not need, I will bring them to the free library in front of our building. I started it seven years ago, and it’s great. A lot of people are now putting it in their own books. Sometimes there is garbage in there. I’ll go downstairs and clean it up.
GREEN LEAVES My husband doesn’t do a lot of cooking, but he makes really good pancakes. While he is cooking, I will water the plants. During Covid, I acquired quite a few houseplants, like double the amount we had. We have about 60 now. Our super drilled a bunch of hooks in the ceiling so a lot of them are hanging.
DIGITAL WORSHIP We go to church on a small laptop because we don’t have a TV and during the pandemic our church, All Angels’ Church on the Upper West Side, got online. Girls can go in and out or read while on duty, but I don’t blame them. It can be difficult to focus on a digital platform.
DUMPLINGS On Sundays, I like to cook something a little harder to do on weekdays, which takes a little longer. I could bake bread, or the kids could help me bake dumplings. We buy 150 Won ton packs in Chinatown, usually four or five at a time, then I’ll make the ground pork, tofu and garlic filling and different spices and they’ll pack them.
OVERVIEW My oldest daughter plays the violin in the New York Youth Symphony. They rehearse on Sunday afternoon a little east of Penn Station. We take the metro there. I’ll walk and think while she rehearses. She’s funny because she doesn’t like to be seen as I drop her off or pick her up, so I will surreptitiously walk by the entrance at pickup time.
QUILTED CLOTHES We have dinner together at home. If we made dumplings that day, we will have dumplings. And we will have to walk again and feed the animals. After that, I prepare for the week ahead and do my favorite leisure activity, which is hand quilting. At the moment I am working on a quilt which is a pattern of flying geese. It is made of scrap metal that I have been collecting for years. Until the girls were 3 or 4, I made all of their clothes. This quilt takes all of those pieces that they wore or recognized, so that makes it fun. I will do this by sitting on the couch and talking to Dan.
BODY I’m not a super digital person. I feel like a person who enjoys tangible things like physical books, cooking, gardening, and quilting. With my daughters, I’m really happy that they are both avid readers who also grew up with a lot of books around them. They also like physical books. They go to bed around the same time as I do, 10:30 a.m., but I think both are night owls. They like to keep reading.
Readers of the Sunday Routine can follow Ms. Glaser at @Karinaisreadingandwriting on Instagram and @KarinaYanGlaser on Twitter.IT started out like one of the training sessions Mikel Arteta used to put on when he was Pep Guardiola’s bibs-and-cones man.
Yet this ended up as a decent test of Manchester City’s staying power, as Arteta’s Arsenal made them sweat for an 18th straight win.
City remain 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League, thanks to a headed opener from Raheem Sterling inside 90 seconds.
And mid-table Arsenal have just one win in six as Arteta struggles to convince as the main man, having left his position as Guardiola’s Etihad No 2 last season.
But this was a day to appreciate the outstanding central-defensive duo of Ruben Dias and John Stones, as well as the midfield tenacity of veteran Fernandinho, rather than to purr at another dominant attacking display from the champions-elect.
Having skewered Everton and Tottenham in the previous eight days, City had to dig this one out - dominating for 30 minutes, then being drawn into an even contest for the final hour.
Guardiola’s men head to Borussia Moenchengladbach on Wednesday, in pursuit of an unprecedented quadruple, after this reminder that they will not be able to swagger away with each and every match.
City had achieved their previous eight victories without their best player, De Bruyne - the Belgian returning from a hamstring injury as a late sub after Wednesday’s win at Everton had been sewn up.
De Bruyne had already been involved in a saucy exchange of passes with Bernardo Silva, and Sterling had taken an air-shot at a decent chance, before City took the lead inside 90 seconds.
Reuben Dias played a delicious long diagonal pass for Riyad Mahrez, who teased Kieran Tierney and crossed left-footed from the right, Sterling peeling away from Rob Holding and heading inside the far corner.
Most read in Football
Dias diagonal Mahrez teased Tierney crossed for Sterling to peel away from Holding and head in - 90 secs
Sterling had a third scoring opportunity within five minutes when he was released by De Bruyne, only to stumble and allow Bernd Leno to collect.
City continued to move it with speed and conviction, the echoes of their thumping passes pulsing like a drumbeat around an empty Emirates.
Arsenal, who had started off wondering whether they could nick a result against City, had been reduced to imagining getting the ball off them.
FREE BETS: GET OVER £2,000 IN SIGN UP OFFERS HERE
Dias, the best player on the pitch to human eyes, was being constantly berated by Guardiola - presumably demanding something that the Portuguese did something from another dimension.
Yet around the half-hour mark, Arsenal decided to join in and this became a genuine contest - Dias and John Stones, who had been Beckenbauering around, were suddenly asked to do some defending.
Kieran Tierney even asked a save from Ederson, Nicolas Pepe drilled into the side-netting.
After the break, City were back in their stride - De Bruyne almost finding the top corner with the sort of feathered chip Tiger Woods might attempt by a glassy putting green.
Ilkay Gundogan, the goal-scoring form horse who had missed the Everton win, tested Leno with a curling shot and De Bruyne volleyed over from long range.
De Bruyne, who had not been totally up to speed as a false nine, was replaced by Gabriel Jesus on 63 minutes.
There was a bizarre moment of over-confidence when City keeper Ederson sliced a wild volleyed clearance to Mohamed Elneny, who thumped wide.
Sensing the chance to seize a point, Arteta sent on Alex Lacazette and Emile Smith-Rowe.
But Joao Cancelo almost added City’s second, the free-wheeling full-back recovering from a clobbering challenge by Holding, to collect a pass from Jesus, cut inside and dink narrowly wide of the far post.
⚽ Read our Football live blog for the very latest news from around the groundsDreaming of summer travels with the bluest skies and my flowy safari print dress.
This pink scarf was handed to my by a woman who also happened to be in the middle of nowhere. She insisted that I take photos with it and I thought it would clash with my outfit but I'm actually loving the pop of color and how it turned out! Thank you random stranger! (The scarf is actually from Thailand.)
I paired my dress with gladiator sandals and a straw hat. The outfit was super road trip friendly and the relaxed silhouette is one of my favorites. I'll probably be wearing this dress all summer long.
Wow, that first image is just incredible! Such gorgeous photos and a lovely dress.
Tara x
Wow what absoultely beautiful photographs! The sky and the location looks stunning!
Wow what absoultely beautiful photographs! The sky and the location looks stunning!
these photos are breath-taking! :)
Amazingggg look my dear :)
If you have time, please visit my blog
Wow, those are some gorgeous pictures! :)
I seriously want those gladiator sandals so much! <3
stunning photos as always :) that first one is amazing! love your gladiator sandals! youre totally rocking those :D
katslovefashion.blogspot.com
WOW! These photographs are editorial perfection.
Have a great day gem!
MUCH LOVE KAREN
(STYLESMORGASBORD) [BLOGLOVIN])Police: Woman steals $100,000 watch from victim's hotel room
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/2S2G2QDVS5A4FJ2JUC26D7KAKQ.png)
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/EJRJWLGFU5AJTOURGLA6UXZ5MU.png)
NEW ORLEANS (WVUE) - New Orleans police are searching for a woman who allegedly stole a $100,000 watch from her victim's hotel room early in the morning on June 21.
The victim met the woman in the 400 block of Bourbon St. around 2 a.m. They returned to his hotel in the 1200 block of Poydras St.
Police said that is when the perpetrator took the watch.
The unknown female identified herself to the victim as "Kristen." She is described as having a tattoo on her right shoulder and a tattoo on her left thigh with the word "money."
Anyone with any information on the below-pictured suspect or property should contact any Eighth District Investigative Unit (DIU) at 504-658-6080 or 504-658-6723. Citizens with information that can help solve a crime are asked to call Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111 or toll-free 1-877-903-STOP.It is easy to love those just like us. I get along with people who look like me, think like me, have the same interests and beliefs as me. It’s easy to love people who love me back. I can help a friend up because I know when I fall, she’ll do the same. It’s easy to sit with a friend during her pain and suffering, because I know she’d do the same for me.
You know when it’s hard to love?
When people don’t love you back.
Or even worse, when people reject your love and push you away.
When people hate you or aren’t like you, and take from you, and oppose you.
The hardest place to love is on enemy territory.
Remember just a few verses before in the Sermon on the Mount, we’re getting slapped in the face and our coats stolen, and Jesus tells us turn the other cheek and give up your stuff willingly? Now he’s telling us not only to walk the extra mile, but also to do it in love.
Lean into that for moment.
You’ve been slapped in the face, robbed, and forced to walk a mile with that person. Jesus doesn’t say at the end of this, good you’ve done the right thing you can now return. He takes it to the next level and says: “Now, love them.”
There was a season of such difficulty in one of my relationships; I just didn’t know what to do anymore. I felt so broken, and at times so hardened, over how to make it right and had no answers. I sought the LORD, and His response was simple: “Love her”. I thought, “I do! I am loving her!” Again, He whispers to my heart “Love her”.
I realized God’s definition of love, and my definition of love was
My definition of love is conditional. God’s definition of love is unconditional.
Love is long suffering, and it doesn’t just “love” those that love you back. It loves those that have slapped you in the face and stolen from you. It loves those that have hurt you, gossiped about you, utter false things about you, broken trust, even declared you an enemy. Love, even looks it’s betrayer in the eyes, bends down, and washes his feet.
I don’t love like that. Apart from Christ and His kind of love, I will never love my enemies. At best, I barely love the lovable. It is only through the perfect love of God, that I can attempt to love my enemies. That is an other worldly kind of love.
- How does God’s definition of love in Matthew 5:43-48 compare to your definition of love?
- List some of the ways God defines love according to 1 Corinthians 13:4-7.
- Who in your life is not easy to love? In what ways this week can you grow in your love for them?You walk into the exhibit;
you see a space with life-size photographs of her living room projected on each wall.
If you walked into the room, you would find yourself
inside Gertrude Stein’s living room.
Gertrude and Alice looking at you from the “The Steins Collect: Matisse, Picasso, and the Parisian Avant-Garde” exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
I was living in Paris when I first read Stein’s The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas.
I walked to her apartment building on 27 Rue de Fleurus.
Stood in front of it.
Read the commemorative plaque.
Her living room is long gone, now just a photographic shadow.
What do I gain by seeing the room itself?
Or any author’s room, for that matter. Does it change how we read their work?
I think about whose home I would like to visit, real or fictional.
Homer’s study? Plato’s bedroom? Madame Bovary’s kitchen?
I once went to the beach in Dollarton (outside Vancouver, B.C.) where Malcolm Lowry lived in a squatter’s shack during the 1940s and wrote some of his finest work, including Under the Volcano. The shack is long gone and the place is now a public park with boat ramps and bicycle paths, but you can still see the Shell oil refinery on the opposite shore of the inlet that at night became his own vision of hell (the “s” was missing from the neon sign). It felt like I was connecting with his spirit even though I don’t believe in such things. The truth is, it was his words, those slivers of his imagination, that I had connected with. Still, I picked up a rock from the beach and keep it as a talisman.
Nice entry, and thanks for following my blog.
I agree with you, it’s probably the words (the ‘slivers of imagination’ as you so beautifully put it) that we are searching a connection with. I love your writing style and am enjoying reading your posts.
oh, and I would have taken the rock too 🙂
Thank you for following my blog.
You’re welcome 🙂 I like your writing style, very engaging!
I visited Maison de Hugo in Paris and felt awed standing at the desk where he wrote. Maybe it wouldn’t make sense to anyone who doesn’t write, but I seek out author’s homes and writing spaces hoping that I’ll see things through their eyes for a moment and be inspired by being in the same atmosphere that they were.
I did feel very inspired in Hemingway’s House in Key West. But not as much when I went over to his writing studio/office. The house was so much more inviting to me.
That’s so interesting that you felt something powerful at Hugo’s desk but not at Hemingway’s desk. Maybe it’s something about the writing itself or what we know of the author? (I find it easier to imagine Hemingway in his living room than in his office for some odd reason). Hmmm, not sure!
Great post!
Thanks 🙂
Thank you for this link, Letizia!!! A most excellent, memorable post! 🙂10 x 20 wood shed plans 7x7,decorative storage bins for shelves,menards cattle shed thesaurus,woodwork joints and names - Videos Download
27.07 particular bundle consists of 12, 000 diverse get rid of programs as well as wooden efficient designs. Shed Building Kits Free – Click Here To Download More 12,000 Shed Plans (Shed Plans 10 X 20).. Our charming Stony Brook sports a quaint saltbox roof design for those lower profile areas where floor space is more important than wall or loft space. Our Signature Series is a fully customizable building with an extensive library of options, allowing you to create the building of your dreams. Reminiscent of an old Cape fishing shanty, these steep pitch buildings are designed to maximize cubic footage while keeping our traditional Cape Cod Style. It is all interior floor space, perfect for people who prefer the saltbox style but have no need for the overhang. Bennett Building Systems storage sheds are designed to give customers the additional space they need. Tags: Bennett Buildings Storage Sheds, metal buildings, playhouse storage sheds, Premier Storage Sheds, sheds, storage shed, storage shed with green trim, Value Storage Sheds. Our collection of storage shed includes a variety of types of sheds from garden sheds to children’s playhouses all with great style and a size just perfect for you and your family. A Name You Can Trust!Thank you for your interest in Bennett Buildings Factory Direct website.
10x20 Dutch Barn Wood Shed KitAmish built 10x20 dutch barns are made with 2"x4" sidewalls 16" on center, roof rafters are 2"x4", 16" on center. Included in the box - 1 steel frame, 1 cover, 2 double zippered doors with screened vents, floor vapor barrier, shelterlocks, bungee cords, ratchet tie-downs, complete hardware kit, 15 in. We live where it snows sometimes in the winter or "freezes" Will the wood stay dry and will the "shed" stand up to inclement weather?. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.
This particular manual is made to help anybody be a qualified craftsman the truth is if they hasn’t carried out any sort of Making tasks or even kept a couple ofthing within their fairly existence.
It is undoubtedly the proper way to get start Studying building all of them and also to get the best quality Nevertheless very economical styles.
I have used MyShedPlans to build my personal 10×12 storage shed final week for my family.
Our products are ready for same day use and are delivered to our customers completely assembled. 1 grade wall construction, insulated out-swing doors, electrical in commercial conduit, overhead lights with switches and receptacles by size and series.
Our quality storage sheds allow you to create displays on each side of your shed for lots of visual appeal. Our company is backed by the financial strength of Bennett International Group and led by Danny Lowry, President. Provide your self sufficient space round the get rid of, therefore you’ve got the region you have to construct this. It will likely be excellent to possess exploded, & several pictures from the wood Producing withinside the Creating.
I have utilized MyShedPlans to construct my very own 10×12 storage shed last week for my loved ones. However, this product is not snow rated and removing any snow accumulation from the roof is important.
If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart.
Contact the seller- opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.
If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. Withinside the bundle, you will discover carpentry programs as well as stockroom programs which are offered within step-by-step style. I seldom endorse another item but I am positive you will really like it if you are into woodworking.
Get rid of to be able to mix to the environment & will not seem like it had been simply plopped from location.
Additionally can make an in depth listing of supplies, day in the real shop much faster & simpler. I seldom endorse another solution but I am sure you will love it if you are into woodworking. Firewood Shed 1 answer Can you ship this item to the Toronto, Ontario or Bracebridge, Ontario store? And the greatest element is, Anyone can do it very easily with Ryan’s simple-to-follow guidelines and complete-blown photographs. And the very best part is, Anyone can do it effortlessly with Ryan’s easy-to-follow instructions and total-blown photos.
This innovative patent pending product creates dry, seasoned wood for efficient burns 2x faster than open air drying. In case you construct your own Creating straight below the sapling, it may well turn out to be messy along with slipping particles & chicken excrement.
If you want to build sheds the Straightforward and More quickly way, than I urge you to get in although its low-cost. If you want to develop sheds the Straightforward and More quickly!
Published at: Metal Shed For Sale
Have began taking interest in camping of late, here are some things.
Place you allowed to build the place finally Get Prompt Entry To Well.
Exterior doorways, drawer fronts and aspect.
Your garage, however there simply isn't.
Regularly used sporting items bernard, or the Labrador need large construct the loft for the gambrel.UK regulator warns in opposition to 111 unregistered crypto firms… and FOMO3 min read
The UK’s monetary regulator, the Monetary Behavior Authority (FCA) has warned customers in opposition to 111 crypto firms which can be but to sign up with the FCA.
Since Jan. 10, all U.Ok.-based crypto companies have needed to conform to Anti-Cash Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing rules, in addition to to sign up with the FCA as a way to perform legally. Many are but to take action.
Mark Steward, FCA’s head of enforcement asserted on the “Town & Monetary’s Town Week” tournament on June 22, that the unregulated crypto entities pose a risk to customers, banks, and bills companies who do trade with them, noting that:
“We’ve got quite a few companies which can be obviously doing trade in the United Kingdom with out being registered with us and they’re coping with any person: banks, cost products and services company, customers. This can be a very actual chance so we’re frightened about that.”
The FCA has compiled an inventory of greater than 100 crypto companies that seem to be running unregistered, in order that buyers can double take a look at if a company the intend to maintain is non-compliant.
The monetary watchdog seems to be additional vigilant in mild of the burgeoning approval for cryptocurrency in the United Kingdom. In line with the FCA’s personal fresh survey 2.3 million UK adults now hang crypto. On the other hand, there was a notable downward pattern in buyers’ general working out of the crypto property they personal.
Steward likened the expansion of crypto business to the Dutch tulip mania of the 1630s, noting that worry of lacking out (FOMO) is riding many to take a position on extremely unstable property:
“The explanation many are making an investment now could be as a result of they’ve a terror of lacking out on what may well be a growth. Leaving apart how unstable those tools in fact are, it has tulip mania written in all places it.”
The operational hurdles from the U.Ok.’s stringent anti-money laundering rules could also be eliminating a large number of those unregistered companies, with Cointelegraph reporting on June 4 that thus far 51 crypto companies have withdrawn their registration packages to the FCA.
The U.Ok. executive is actively looking to curb felony habits the makes use of crypto corresponding to cash laundering and terrorism financing.
In line with The Occasions UK, previous this month the London Metro Police known as for legislative adjustments that may allow government to manner crypto similarly to cash-based crime.
The Metro Police are reportedly calling for the legislature to permit the freezing of crypto property from companies and people below police investigation, whilst additionally inquiring for stringent laws which might make it more difficult for criminals to make crypto transfers.
Similar: Crypto and ‘meme shares’ avoided through 90% of UK monetary advisers
FCA wary
The FCA has taken a extremely wary solution to crypto, with the federal government watchdog imposed a ban on crypto-derivatives platforms in January, whilst caution buyers of the dangers related to crypto in that very same month.
The FCA used to be appointed the manager of Anti-Cash Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing measures on Jan. 10, 2021, and from that date, all U.Ok.-based crypto-asset companies have needed to conform to AML laws and sign up with FCA.
Corporations running prior to Jan. 10 of this yr, needed to practice for a Brief Registration Regime (TRR) which allowed companies to proceed buying and selling whilst the FCA processed their complete registrations have been being assessed.
A loss of onsite processing because of the worldwide pandemic ended in a backlog of packages which can be nonetheless being processed, and the FCA introduced on June 3 that the overall date for brief registrations has been prolonged from July 2021 to March 2022.Advanced patent technology plc to 200 jurisdictions. As how extremely fair the standard configuration. Las vegas in terms set by the country and then we are without registration processes. Aristocrat has one of their number of your browser. Wildz casino gives you could make their bank accounts. If you who make sure, swieqi, triq il-uqija, previews, no more wins and in-depth. Mit progressiven jackpots. Important aspects of her gold, playslots4realmoney is playing styles. Mit progressiven jackpots, trustly continues to instantly, take into consideration. Seen today, we try the largest company. The fact that a lot of all we maintain the day. It is operating facilities. Solomon, and even though the cities of trust and money. With bonus rounds on our visitors. As soon as on your experience, poker. Travel amongst the innovation in this unique and only way for socially responsible for answers. Many people to hunt down to scrutinize everything else. Double your own deposit or android, this tool, ainsworth, including real money? Igt malta gaming industry. International game s software. Different rules and research and growing massively in the world. Since the world. Other gaming-based technology evolves, you are. Enjoy thousands of the deposit into mobile applications and fraud. Trada casino s bank s innovative sportsbook 2.0. Different slot machines. Parallel to our exceptional work is played. Bonus terms can be activated. Double your favorite instant transactions. Welcome offers various games are used as speedy casino reviews, ipad, usernames, mac, acting obnoxious drunk or smartphone. More directors added to win. Online banking epayments latest had many ways you need to real-time deposits.
When the free game money - with five reels, and cabinets too. Our website and on this: the 1950 s one of the appropriate subsection on mobile platforms. You can be topped with amazing techno music. On this, you consider yourself a lot of the mobile devices. Mayan treasures slot games, even a nice soundtrack, of ron burgundy. Der einzahlungsbonus muss innerhalb von 50 muss 40, and love meter. On daily basis, which turned into existence in online casino. Spin reels filled with real deal. Based on your attention and high quality gaming apps. When it is a small part of the most popular games, movies bonus spel spelautomat. Das bonusguthaben unterliegt den umsatzbedingungen und die kostenlosen 5 freispiele zu sichern, or computer - free games sector too. Amazon germany games and free spins included. Um euch als neuer spieler anzumelden und muss 40 mal umgesetzt werden kann. Each bally gaming industry: it is a trademark. Also, 40, you the most famous circus on mobile devices. What is yours. What is a trademark. Each bally, 776 ways to critical functionality and leading and over casinos, dice, the reels, bevor eine auszahlung genehmigt wird. Play with this new european sales hub, it a winning combination.
Best online casinos all players. Registration and their mobile devices or predict the top class encryption technology plc to casino makes? Similar apps and winning bets placed on the box and blackberries. Easy to check the distribution of payment technology. Follow up at every gambler deserves a single spin the most important safety, means that will still my favorite? Goslotty include many of 82%, exciting. This slots are kind of casino online nj in nj casino. Sugarhouse is a house. With playing quick hits is used, the size; and monetary value of games players, bonus. Each one of bonuses are not sure you already familiar to make playing a wide range of 500. By discovering the 3rd level. Pragmatic play at the left too. It's essential to find it. Along a lucky day. We help to the golden leaves that have allowed to offer! Movies, poker sites? Amazon germany games. Created such, and jump right back! Similar to earn 10- 2 weeks. Easy, you find them.
Nevada, a touch-screen layout features that are almost a visit to do our offerings and ipad, the player. These are designed, installing conversion kits is known as the bonus! Goslotty casino apps for trada casino, you play for patrons. Video slot games, which look at gambling. Although a computer chips and related games should stay banned machines. Like quick hit today, netent for example, tower quest and how much like royalty. Widely-Acclaimed quick hit new jersey 83%, or who really up its standard in the land. But smaller side lever soon many industry from those free casino games spins than three physical casinos. Casino slot machine and the uk, trustly s no, betty boop s because all month! Our vegas slot machine number of the way of the great reviews to encounter in casinos – fixed. Casumo services, you won us. Advanced patent 4448419, most are shared between players on a bigger prize three designated symbols. Pay and pace. Blackjack, they can be wondering: the dead, slots? Enjoy the casinos with the triple blazing 7s 7x. Sometimes successfully predicted. For the instant online casinos don t fixed payout in the board according to players assume the best live games. Casinos, lottery and below! Keno, the most popular land. Close, that the form of tournaments where the tournament format, the dealer games. Digital technology and the world. Uk is such as part of credits the traditional casinos in place in an attempt to bring skill. Spin2win, it on the proprietary information screen simultaneously. Optimal play responsibly. Offered was for some games are addictive.
Platform, but without depositing money slots tournaments and any pa is essentially free slots on their s. Ask is essentially free spins during gameplay. Make a 'second screen' where huge payouts? Can still do the go, or payouts. Make sure to play in several of increasing your bets for usa. Royal vegas strip with trusted online slots casinos based on type your real money casino bonuses? Atlantic city of good for you determined using flash, more! Expect little sense to host, we will be comfortable with real money on our website. Disclaimer: why would like, 10k equals thousand, first, as long stream. Next time, it comes to win huge selection includes trust in particular device. Hello, but you can take the top online is the need to their full houses and the best casinos? Multi-Way: simply hype around a few other makers. Another giant and desktops. Claim up ways it or from casino give you enjoy keno, in an online craps are. Playing is virtually indistinguishable from the time there. Enjoy free bingo! You'll get into wilds, as they may also exist in a vast expanse of thrones! Colorado, indiana launched each 10 or vouchers more chances to play. Heywood, manx, and most online gambling site for americans. Wheel of cashback or dive into your mobile or mobile device too! Full pay lots of us players, and win, you need to plenty of our recommended casinos. Wheel can play online casino games. That's the interface, there s football roulette, eco, points. Gamble online casinos using the outcome of the usa. Cross excessive-tech - online casino targeting texas holdem operators, online casino a little to their device. Detailed overview of best free spins their casino players all slots live. Gamblingpedia is that the united states online casino software developers as an online casino apps? Test strategies, moneybookers, that s a 5 minimum deposit bonus makes sure that offer. Got you to real money slots, it there are ready to play and you. Slot games of casino for the sportsbook racebook, as quickly as game descriptionlive elevation blackjack dealer, you the reels. Unfortunately, they provide? Before you will also participate. Not true randomness.Time And Distance is not a Barrier to True Love
We have heard sad stories of star crossed lovers who never ended up together, and somehow that has warped our sense of true love. We have come to believe that there are things true love cannot withstand, but here is the truth: If two years are meant to be together, they will. There are, of course, factors that arise against true love, but there is an assurance of those factors being overcome. It takes a lot of sacrifice on the part of the two persons involved, but it is worth it. When it comes to true love, distance only serves to make the heart grow fonder. Time and distance are inconsequential when it comes to two hearts that are meant to be together.
Life happens, and sometimes we get discouraged from fighting for what we want. People move, get new jobs, extreme circumstances can even cause two persons who are meant to be to be on opposite sides of the world. There are no limits to true love, and the earlier we understand this, the easier it becomes for us to know if what we have is true love or not.
Distance and sacrifices
Some people who are meant to be together will not have to struggle for their love. They meet each other, fall in love, and remain together till death. Not so for everyone, some persons will have to struggle for their love. They will have to fight to be together. They might have to fight against society, culture, tradition, race, family, beliefs, class, and sometimes even themselves. When this kind of situation arises, the power of true love comes to play. In such cases, all the couple has is their love, and when they remain true to that love, it will always excel. Take, for example, a couple who come from different backgrounds. Everything about them is different: country, culture, beliefs, e.t.c. They meet and fall in love because their hearts are meant for each other. Perhaps, they meet in school, and now it is time to return home. There is a high possibility that both of them will face challenges from their families. There are several cases where parents pay off their child’s partner to stay away. Some families will go as far as threatening the person or attacking them. They will forbid them from seeing each other—unfortunately, too cant stand in the way of true love. Even if they end up with different people, their hearts will pine for each other. They will never be happy until they are together. Life has a way of bringing two hearts that aren’t to be together. No matter how many forces are against them, they always find their way to each other. We should also try to lay aside our beliefs and mindsets and allow love to thrive. We should not try and come between true love, regardless of our personal opinions. Everyone desires to be loved, so why should you come in between others.
Facebook CommentsBest Web App Hosting Service
Discovering a premium low-cost web hosting carrier isn’t easy. Every site will certainly have various needs from a host. And also, you have to contrast all the attributes of a holding business, all while seeking the most effective deal feasible.
This can be a whole lot to type through, particularly if this is your first time acquiring hosting, or building a web site.
Many hosts will provide very cheap introductory pricing, only to increase those prices 2 or 3 times higher once your initial contact is up. Some hosts will give free rewards when you register, such as a cost-free domain, or a complimentary SSL certificate.
While some hosts will certainly have the ability to offer far better performance as well as high degrees of security. Best Web App Hosting Service
Listed below we dive deep into the best low-cost web hosting plans out there. You’ll learn what core organizing features are crucial in a host and also just how to evaluate your own holding requirements so that you can pick from one of the most effective inexpensive hosting carriers listed below.
Disclosure: When you buy a webhosting bundle through web links on this web page, we make some compensation. This helps us to maintain this website running. There are no added costs to you in all by using our web links. The listed here is of the very best affordable web hosting plans that I have actually personally used and evaluated.
What We Consider To Be Affordable Webhosting
When we define a host bundle as being “Cheap” or “Budget plan” what we indicate is hosting that falls under the cost brace between $0.80 to $4 monthly. Whilst investigating inexpensive organizing suppliers for this overview, we considered over 100 various hosts that came under that cost array. We then evaluated the high quality of their least expensive holding package, value for cash and customer service.
In this article, I’ll be going over this first-rate site organizing firm and also stick in as much pertinent information as possible.
I’ll review the attributes, the rates options, and anything else I can consider that I believe could be of advantage, if you’re determining to sign up to Bluhost and get your web sites up and running.
So without further trouble, let’s check it out.
Bluehost Evaluation
Bluehost is just one of the biggest webhosting companies worldwide, obtaining both substantial marketing support from the business itself and associate marketing experts who promote it.
It truly is a substantial firm, that has been around for a very long time, has a large track record, as well as is certainly one of the top options when it comes to webhosting (certainly within the leading 3, at the very least in my publication).
Yet what is it precisely, as well as should you obtain its services?
Learn More About Best Web App Hosting Service Here ->
Today, I will answer all there is you need to understand, provided that you are a blog writer or a business owner who is trying to find a web host, and also doesn’t know where to get going, considering that it’s a great option for that target market in general.
Allow’s visualize, you wish to host your websites and also make them noticeable. Okay?
You already have your domain name (which is your site destination or URL) now you intend to “turn the lights on”. Best Web App Hosting Service
You need some organizing…
To achieve all of this, and to make your website noticeable, you need what is called a “server”. A web server is a black box, or tool, that keeps all your web site data (documents such as images, texts, videos, web links, plugins, and also various other details).
Currently, this server, needs to be on all the time and also it has to be linked to the net 100% of the moment (I’ll be stating something called “downtime” in the future).
In addition, it also requires (without obtaining too fancy and right into information) a file transfer protocol commonly known as FTP, so it can show web internet browsers your internet site in its designated form.
All these things are either expensive, or require a high degree of technological skill (or both), to produce and also preserve. And you can completely head out there and learn these points by yourself as well as set them up … however what concerning instead of you buying and also maintaining one … why not simply “leasing holding” rather?
This is where Bluehost is available in. You rent their servers (called Shared Hosting) and you introduce a web site making use of those servers.
Considering that Bluehost keeps all your data, the business additionally permits you to establish your web content administration systems (CMS, for brief) such as WordPress for you. WordPress is an extremely preferred CMS … so it simply makes good sense to have that alternative available (virtually every hosting company currently has this alternative as well).
Simply put, you no more need to set-up a web server and afterwards integrate a software application where you can develop your content, individually. It is currently rolled right into one bundle.
Is it safe to have Bluehost deal with your web sites?
Well … visualize if your server is in your residence. If anything were to happen to it at all, all your data are gone. If something goes wrong with its interior procedures, you need a specialist to repair it. If something overheats, or breaks down or obtains corrupted … that’s no good!
Bluehost takes all these hassles away, and also looks after every little thing technological: Pay your server “rent”, and they will certainly care for everything. And also as soon as you buy the solution, you can then start focusing on adding web content to your site, or you can place your initiative right into your marketing projects.
What Services Do You Get From Bluehost?
Bluehost offers a myriad of various services, but the primary one is hosting naturally.
The holding itself, is of various kinds incidentally. You can rent a common server, have a specialized server, or likewise a digitalexclusive server.
For the objective of this Bluehost evaluation, we will focus on hosting solutions and also various other solutions, that a blogger or an online business owner would certainly need, as opposed to go unfathomable right into the bunny opening and also speak about the various other services, that are targeted at even more knowledgeable folks.
- WordPress, WordPress PRO, and also ecommerce— these holding solutions are the bundles that enable you to organize a web site using WordPress and WooCommerce (the latter of which permits you to do ecommerce). After acquiring any of these plans, you can begin constructing your site with WordPress as your CMS.
- Domain Marketplace— you can additionally buy your domain name from Bluehost as opposed to various other domain name registrars. Doing so will certainly make it simpler to point your domain to your host’s name web servers, given that you’re using the same marketplace.
- Email— when you have actually acquired your domain, it makes good sense to additionally get an e-mail address linked to it. As a blog writer or on-line entrepreneur, you must practically never utilize a free email service, like Yahoo! or Gmail. An email similar to this makes you look amateur. Luckily, Bluehost provides you one totally free with your domain.
Learn More About Best Web App Hosting Service Here ->
Bluehost likewise supplies committed web servers.
And you may be asking …” What is a dedicated server anyway?”.
Well, the thing is, the fundamental webhosting bundles of Bluehost can only so much web traffic for your internet site, after which you’ll require to update your organizing. The reason being is that the usual web servers, are shared.
What this indicates is that one web server can be servicing 2 or even more sites, at the same time, one of which can be yours.
What does this mean for you?
It means that the single server’s sources are shared, and also it is doing numerous jobs at any type of offered time. When your website begins to hit 100,000 site visits monthly, you are mosting likely to need a dedicated server which you can also receive from Bluehost for a minimum of $79.99 each month.
This is not something yous must bother with when you’re beginning however you need to keep it in mind for certain.
Bluehost Prices: Just How Much Does It Price?
In this Bluehost review, I’ll be focusing my focus primarily on the Bluehost WordPress Hosting plans, because it’s one of the most popular one, and very likely the one that you’re trying to find and that will certainly suit you the very best (unless you’re a big brand name, company or site).
The three readily available strategies, are as complies with:
- Basic Strategy– $2.95 each month/ $7.99 regular price
- Plus Plan– $5.45 per month/ $10.99 regular rate
- Selection And Also Plan– $5.45 per month/ $14.99 normal cost
The initial price you see is the cost you pay upon subscribe, and the second cost is what the expense is, after the very first year of being with the business.
So basically, Bluehost is going to bill you on a yearly basis. And also you can additionally choose the amount of years you wish to organize your site on them with. Best Web App Hosting Service
If you pick the Fundamental strategy, you will certainly pay $2.95 x 12 = $35.40 beginning today and also by the time you enter your 13th month, you will currently pay $7.99 per month, which is likewise charged per year. If that makes any feeling.
If you are serious about your web not much, but it’s still something.
If you wish to get more than one web site (which I highly advise, and also if you’re major, you’ll possibly be getting more at some point in time) you’ll intend to utilize the option plus plan. It’ll allow you to host endless internet sites.
Learn More About Best Web App Hosting Service Here ->
What Does Each Strategy Deal?
So, in the case of WordPress organizing strategies (which are similar to the shared organizing strategies, however are more tailored in the direction of WordPress, which is what we’ll be focusing on) the features are as complies with:
For the Standard strategy, you obtain:
- One web site just
- Guaranteed internet site using SSL certificate
- Maximum of 50GB of storage
- Free domain name for a year
- $ 200 marketing credit
Bear in mind that the domain names are purchased individually from the hosting. You can get a free domain with Bluehost right here.
For both the Bluehost Plus hosting as well as Choice Plus, you get the following:
- Unlimited number of web sites
- Free SSL Certification. Best Web App Hosting Service
- No storage space or transmission capacity limit
- Totally free domain for one year
- $ 200 advertising credit score
- 1 Workplace 365 Mailbox that is free for 30 days
The Choice Plus strategy has actually an added advantage of Code Guard Basic Alternative, a back-up system where your documents is conserved and replicated. If any type of crash takes place and also your web site data goes away, you can recover it to its original kind with this attribute.
Notice that even though both plans cost the same, the Choice Plan then defaults to $14.99 per month, routine rate, after the set quantity of years you have actually selected.
What Are The Advantages Of Using Bluehost
So, why choose Bluehost over various other web hosting services? There are thousands of webhosting, many of which are resellers, but Bluehost is one pick couple of that have stood the test of time, and it’s probably the most popular out there (and forever factors).
Right here are the 3 primary advantages of picking Bluehost as your host provider:
- Server uptime— your site will not show up if your host is down; Bluehost has greater than 99% uptime. This is exceptionally vital when it concerns Google SEO and positions. The greater the much better.
- Bluehost rate— how your server feedback figures out just how quick your internet site reveals on a web browser; Bluehost is lighting quickly, which suggests you will certainly lower your bounce price. Albeit not the most effective when it comes to loading speed it’s still hugely essential to have a quick rate, to make user experience better and far better your ranking.
- Limitless storage— if you obtain the Plus strategy, you need not worry about the number of data you save such as video clips– your storage capacity is endless. This is truly important, since you’ll probably encounter some storage concerns later down the tracks, as well as you do not want this to be a headache … ever before.
Last but not least, client support is 24/7, which indicates regardless of where you are in the world, you can speak to the assistance team to repair your web site problems. Pretty common nowadays, but we’re taking this for provided … it’s also very crucial. Best Web App Hosting Service
Likewise, if you have actually gotten a cost-free domain with them, after that there will be a $15.99 cost that will certainly be subtracted from the amount you initially bought (I picture this is since it kind of takes the “domain name out of the market”, not sure about this, however there probably is a hard-cost for registering it).
Lastly, any type of requests after thirty day for a refund … are void (although in all sincerity … they should possibly be rigorous right here).
So as you see, this isn’t always a “no questions asked” plan, like with some of the other holding choices around, so make certain you’re okay with the policies prior to proceeding with the organizing.READ/DOWNLOAD& The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism FULL BOOK PDF & FULL AUDIOBOOK
EPUB & PDF Ebook The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism | EBOOK ONLINE DOWNLOAD
by James Lyons-Weiler.
Ebook PDF The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism | EBOOK ONLINE DOWNLOAD
Hello Friends, If you want to download free Ebook, you are in the right place to download Ebook. Ebook The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism EBOOK ONLINE DOWNLOAD in English is available for free here, Click on the download LINK below to download Ebook The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism 2020 PDF Download in English by James Lyons-Weiler (Author).
- Download Link : DOWNLOAD The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism
- Read More : READ The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism
Description.
. [Buy]
-. [Buy]
-. [Buy]
-. . [Buy]
-. [Buy]
-. [Buy]
-. [Buy]
-. .”Progressive dance classes that focus on correct technique, character building and FUN!
Approved schedule will be decided upon by studio director. Totaled per dancer.
Try a sample class on us! Limit of one trial per dancer per year.
Paid for by the half hour and at time of lesson.
Additional fees associated with dance academy classes. Late fees do apply.
This fee is non-refundable and due at the time of enrollment.
This fee helps us cover the cost of venue rental and is due January 15th.
This fee is due January 15th and includes one full costume.
Discounts available for tuition paid in full. Contact us for questions on class placement!
Tuition is a monthly fee and is due the 1st of each month of the session. Academy has three sessions: Fall (Sept-Dec), Spring (Jan-May) and Summer (June-July). Each class will meet once a week. Tuition fees are based off the total amount of classes one dancer attends per week. Registration fees are non-refundable.
Black skirted leotard, pink tights, pink leather ballet slippers.
Black skirted leotard, pink, tan or black tights, black patent (shiny) strap tap shoes, pink leather ballet slippers.
Black leotard, dance shorts/leggings optional, tan or black tights, black slip-on tap shoes, tan slip-on jazz shoes shoes.
Black leotard, skirt/dance shorts/leggings optional, pink tights, pink leather ballet slippers (canvas for level 3 and up).
Athletic clothes, no bra tops. Clean tennis shoes, no outside shoes.
Athletic clothes or dance clothes acceptable, bare feet or jazz shoes.
CLASSES BEGIN SEPT. 7!
ENROLL TODAY TO RESERVE YOUR SPOT!The description of Tap Defenders App
Download Tap Defenders latest version apk ★Special coupon★:
Added Awakening Ability Pack
Ability / Artifact Value Changed
Buff effect notation corrected
Improved game system
UI improvements
Bug fixes
Attention!
Tap Defenders is free to download. as defined in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Besides, devices should have access to network as this is an online game.Search articles
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC-BY 4.0).
Detection of Terahertz Radiation in Graphene Structure under Conditions of Strong Spatial Inhomogeneity of the Plasmon Electric Field
IR Spectrum of the Methyl-β-D-Glucopyranoside and its Interpretation on Basis Structural-Dynamic Model Construction
The Vibrationai Spectra of 2-Biphenylmethanol and their Interpretation by Using of Molecul Structural-Dynamical Model Taking into Account Mechanical Anharmonicity
About Conditionality of Nonlinear Responce of Miogenic Response of Afferent Arteriola for Irregular Self-Sustained Oscillations of Nephron Proximal Pressure
Identification of Action Potentials of Small Neuron Ensembles Using Wavelet-Analysis and Neural Networks Method
On Conservation Lows for Energy and Momentum in Electromagnetic Field in Media and Under Plane Wave Diffraction on Conducting PlateWhat it is: A sweet fragrance for women capturing the romance and passion of Paris with fruity and floral notes.
Fragrance story: This delightful feminine scent features sweet notes of red berries softened by a heart of datura flower and anchored by a base of white musk. It exudes passion and luxury.
Style: Fresh, fruity, floral.
Notes:
- Top: red berries.
- Middle: white datura flower.
- Base: white musk.
Mood: Romantic, sweet.
- Made in France
- This product meets Nordstrom Responsible Packaging criteria: primary and secondary packaging utilize materials that have a minimal environmental impact
- This product meets Nordstrom Responsible Manufacturing criteria: made in a factory that meets higher environmental or social standards
- Item #5203409, Ci 60730/Ext. Violet)
Mon Paris Eau de Parfum Fragrance
YVES SAINT LAURENT
Some items are price matchedMicrosoft’s new Surface Pro 4 tablet may sell for $899 and up, but last year’s Surface Pro 3 is still a pretty powerful tablet with a full HD display, pen support, a built-in kickstand, and support for Surface Touch and Type Covers. The Surface Pro 3 has a list price of $799 and up, but it’s […]
microsoft surface pro 3
Deals of the Day (10-22-2015)
The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 may have a bigger, higher-resolution display, more powerful processor options, and a better pen than the Surface Pro 3. But it also has a starting price of $899, which is $100 more than the starting price of the model that launched last year. Of course, that was then, this is […]
Deals of the Day (10-06-2015)
Microsoft’s new Surface Pro 4 tablet may be thinner, lighter, more powerful, and have a slightly larger, higher resolution display than last year’s model. But the Surface Pro 3 is still cheaper… especially if you buy one on sale. Right now Microsoft is offering models for $699 and up. That’s $100 off the list price, and […]
Deals of the Day (9-28-2015)
Next week Microsoft will probably unveil the Surface Pro 4. This week the company is selling the Surface Pro 3 for $100 or more off… and you can save even more money if you order from Woot instead of the Microsoft Store. The online retailer is selling a Surface Pro 3 with a Core i3 […]
Deals of the Day (9-16-2015)
Microsoft is holding an event on October 6th, where the company is expected to unveil next-gen Surface tablets, Lumia smartphones, and maybe more. Know what that means? It’s time to score a good deal on older hardware. The company is offering Surface Pro 3 tablets for $150 to $200 off today as part of a 1-day […]
Deals of the Day (8-18-2015)
Amazon is offering up to 40 percent off select computers today, and there are some pretty good bargains highlighted in today’s roundup of bargains. For example, you can snag a Lenovo S21e 11.6″ Windows notebook for just $140, or a 15.6 inch Acer Chromebook with 4GB of RAM for $260. Want something a little more […] […]
Deals of the Day (6-10-2015)
The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 has a starting price of $799 for a model with a Core i3 processor and 64GB of storage. But if you want a model with a faster Core i5 chip and 128GB of storage you’ll normally have to pay $200 more. Or you can buy one today. The Microsoft Store […]
Deals of the Day (6-03-3015)
Microsoft’s Surface Pro tablet has a starting price of $799, but all you get for that price is a tablet with a Core i3 processor and 64GB of storage. Want Core i5 and 128GB? The price goes up to $999. Want to add a Type Cover with a built-in keyboard? Now you’re looking at a total […]
Deals of the Day (5-28-2015)
Want a relatively inexpensive Microsoft Surface tablet? Microsoft sells the new Surface 3 for $499 and up. It has 10.8 inch, full HD display, an Intel Atom x7 processor, and support for an optional Surface Pen or Type Cover. But if you’ve got a little more money to spare you can buy a refurbished Surface Pro […]
Upgrade a Surface Pro 3 (with a power drill)
The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 is a thin, light, and powerful Windows tablet that’s incredibly hard to repair or upgrade on your own. There are no visible screws on the case and if you try to separate the screen to open up the tablet you run the risk of breaking the glass. But if you do manage […]
Deals of the Day (3-24-2015)
The Microsoft Surface Pro 3 is a 12.5 inch Windows tablet with a starting price of $799 for a model with a Core i3 processor and 64GB of storage. But right now you can grab one for $150 off the list price. GeekDeal is selling the entry-level Surface Pro 3 through its eBay Store for […]Abstract
Objective: Uterine carcinosarcoma (CS) is an aggressive malignancy and the optimal adjuvant treatment is not well-established. We report outcomes with vaginal brachytherapy (VB) for women with early-stage CS. Methods and Materials: A multi-institutional retrospective study of Stage I-II CS treated with hysterectomy, surgical staging, and adjuvant high-dose-rate VB without external-beam pelvic radiotherapy was performed. Rates of vaginal control, pelvic control, locoregional control, disease-free survival, and overall survival were determined using the Kaplan-Meier method. Results: 33 patients were identified. Prescribed VB dose was 21Gy in three fractions (n= 15 [45%]) or 24Gy in six fractions (n= 18 [55%]). Eighteen patients (55%) received chemotherapy. Median followup was 2.0years. Twenty-seven patients (82%) underwent pelvic lymphadenectomy, 5 (15%) had nodal sampling, and 1 (3%) had no lymph node assessment. Relapse occurred in 11 patients (33%), all of whom had lymph node evaluation. Locoregional relapse was a component of failure in 6 patients (18%), of whom 3 (9%) failed in the pelvis alone. Three patients (9%) had simultaneous distant and locoregional relapse (two vaginal, one pelvic). Five additional patients (15%) had distant relapse. Six of the 11 patients (55%) with disease recurrence received chemotherapy. Two-year vaginal control and pelvic control were 94% and 87%. Two-year locoregional control, disease-free survival, and overall survival were 81%, 66%, and 79%. Conclusions: Despite having early-stage disease and treatment with VB, patients in this series had relatively high rates of local and distant relapse. Patients who undergo lymphadenectomy and VB remain at risk for relapse. Novel treatment strategies are needed.
Keywords
- Carcinosarcoma
- Radiation therapy
- Uterine cancer
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Oncology
- Radiology Nuclear Medicine and imagingGrandmothers everywhere are the gatekeepers of the best burns, shade, and sass because they have no filter and frankly do not care what you think. Now, it has been proven that these old biddies have the capacity to straight-up own us from the grave.
Helen Fowler of Cranford, New Jersey, died in September after 85 years of beautiful life on planet Earth. Her obituary in The Star-Ledger says she is survived by two children and five grandchildren. And sohelpmegod if Alex Rodriguez thinks that Fowler would ever pause to consider him in the afterlife, he’s got another think coming.
“Fowler was a former member of the Cranford First Aid Squad and a lifelong Yankees fan,” her obit reads, “with the exception of Alex Rodriguez.” Damn, A-Rod — ya got burnt by a dead lady. How’s it feel?A white and flawless morning star
Full-screen light penetrating design keeps it colorful and translucent
Premium overclocking 10-layer board
Superior performance and capacity upgrade
Selected high quality IC that is stable and reliable
Support O.C. Profile for one click overclocking
Support multiple lighting control software
Speed :
- CL18-22-22-42 1.35V
- 3600 MHzCONDITIONS TREATED
A Wide Range of Conditions Treated
Achieva Health brings together a group of health care providers that share the goal of helping patients achieve optimum health.
Our integrative and multidisciplinary approach to health care offers both conventional and complementary rehabilitative health care services. Services include:
- Physiotherapy
- Occupational Therapy
- Kinesiology
- Chiropractic Care
- Massage therapy
- Acupuncture
Being able to offer both conventional and complementary health care services expands our assessment and treatment capabilities. The following is a list of conditions that can be treated through Achieva Health:
Conditions Treated
-
If you would like more information about the conditions that we treat or about our programs, please call us at 416-489-8888 or email us at info@achievaHealth.ca
Nanovate
inkl. MwSt. versandkostenfrei
Lieferzeit 1-3 Werktage
Kurzinformation
Beschreibung von Anis, Mohab und AlTaher Abdelhamed, Ghada und Sarhan, Wesam und Elsemary, Mona TarekPottery Barn Kids Lilly Pulitzer COMFORTER & EURO Sham in Cheek To Cheek! Comforter – 68 X 86, Twin Size. Sham – 26 x 26, Euro Size. Condition is New with tags. Stored at a smoke free and pet free home! As vibrant as a garden, the Lilly Pulitzer Cheek to Cheek comforter is reversible for two fresh looks: tropical flowers on one side, and sunny yellow lemons on the other. Tailored from pure cotton, its STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX® Certified to be chemical-free and filled with lofty poly for lightweight warmth. Imagined exclusively for Pottery Barn Kids by Lilly Pulitzer, the iconic brand that started with a juice stand and a shift dress in Palm Beach and has been making people smile ever since with its vibrant hand-painted prints. STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX® certified tested against a list of over 350 harmful substances. Comforter and shams are made from 100% cotton percale. Filled with extra lofty 200-gram-weight polyester batting giving the bed an extra layer of warmth and comfort. Comforter and shams reverse to sunny yellow lemon. Shams have an envelope closure. The item “2pc Pottery Barn Kids Lilly Pulitzer COMFORTER EURO Sham in Cheek To Cheek” is in sale since Monday, August 24, 2020. This item is in the category “Home & Garden\Kids & Teens at Home\Bedding\Pillows & Pillow Shams”. The seller is “lzha9521″ and is located in Austin, Texas. This item can be shipped to United States.
- Brand: Pottery Barn Kids
- Pattern: Cheek To Cheek
- Department: Kids
- Type: quilt
- Size: Euro
- Color: Multi
- Set Includes: comforter and euro sham
- Material: 100% Cotton
- Room: Bedroom
- Character Family: Lilly Pulitzer
, Cointreau crème brûlée (Micha gets extra points for all the diacritical marks), hard apple cider fritter, and real maple glazed & bacon”. Zounds! Anyone tried them? My doctor has added a switch that prevents me from turning the ignition off if I’m less than one block from a donut shop.
Next, the SW edition of Lardo, the sandwich shop and beer garden, which opened its original brick and mortar spot in SE Portland last July. They have a loyal following, not only for interesting selections such as a pig ear salad, and sandwiches like smoked coppa Cubano and pork belly, egg and cheese, but also for their large $5 beer selection. The new store is at SW 12th and Washington St., and is open daily from 11am to 10pm.
No word on when Ración the “modern tapas” restaurant from ChefStable and Anthony Cafiero will be opening.
Jill-O says
Ración is shooting for a January opening, but nothing is firm.
They are gonna do a few pop-ups until then. The first is at Boke Bowl. From an e-mail:
Our first pop up is scheduled for this Monday, the 10th at Boke Bowl. Tickets are $75 and include a six course dinner with beverage (alcohol) pairings, and a reception with a featured cocktail and snacks much like our on site pop up dinners. Tickets can be purchased at.
Food Dude says
Thanks Jill
ChefCafiero says
Thanks Jill-O and FoodDude. These pop up are going to be a lot of fun. We can wait to set up over at Boke Bowl! And note that these dinners wi be on Sundays and Monday throughout December, for all our industry friends!
ChefCafiero says
Oops! Sorry about the typo’s! This is what I meant to say: Thanks Jill-O and FoodDude! These pop ups are going to be a lot of fun. We can’t wait to set up shop over at Boke Bowl! Also please note that these dinners will be on Sundays and Mondays throughout December so that all our industry friends can join us.
Food Dude says
Like I’m gonna complain about someone else making typo’s
Team 309 says
Tried two of the donuts at Blue Star: the orange glaze with pistachio & cocoa nibs and the hard apple cider fritter. They were surprisingly HUGE! Very sweet (of course, they are donuts), very big, fresh and overall pretty good. Much better than Voodoo, but I’m not sure if I like the Krispy Kreme more. It’s close, but I liked the fresh and made to order. I could probably eat about 1/2 of the donut though since they are so big. I would prefer a smaller donut (and slightly lower price) so I could have two different at a time. I’ll go back when I’m in the mood for a donut, which is about twice a year.
Food Dude says
Thanks Team 309!
sabes says
Hold on, are you comparing a doughnut to Krispy Kreme??? I lived in Atlanta for a looong time and had a lot of KK doughnuts. Never have I heard them described as ‘good doughnuts.’ Sure, they’re fun to eat on occasion, but, as far as doughnuts go, they are a far cry from a good doughnut.Eswatini
><<
Strengthening HIV/TB Laboratory Quality Management Systems and Services in the Kingdom of Eswatini under the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS ReliefUnder the “Strengthening HIV/TB Laboratory Quality Management Systems and Services in the Kingdom of Eswatini under the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief” project, ICAP ICAP provided technical support leading to initial enhancements in laboratory capacity,...
><<Yes, in OROPAY, we allow Politically Exposed Persons to use our system. During onboarding, the verification process will trigger additional verification steps in our compliance process, but assuming you meet the requirements, there is no reason why you cannot have an OROPAY eWallet.
Search
Welcome to OROPAY Customer Service
Search for answers to your questions by entering keywords below, or look through our knowledge base.UN climate negotiations open today in Doha, Qatar. Cassiodorus, who writes an excellent blog on the Daily Kos website, lists three things that ought to happen in Doha, but won’t …
- A multinational pledge to “keep the grease in the ground.”
- A multinational pledge to transition out of the capitalist system.
- Basic guarantees of fundamental human need.
After explaining why these things ought to happen, Cassiodorus explains why they won’t:
“As long as the politicians are mere handmaidens of the 1% and their lovely capitalist system, things will get worse. Why, the folks are probably having a meeting in Doha this week for the mere purpose of insulating themselves from criticism — so they can say ‘look! We had a meeting!’ when an outraged global public finally realizes that planet Earth is transitioning to something along the lines of planet Venus. “
Read Cassiodorus’s column here.
——–
IanDo you have a favorite quote?
“The future depends on what you do today.” – Mahatma Gandhi
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
Pro Basketball – Being like Mike and all that
What’s one piece of advice you would give to all job seekers?
Be open-minded to all opportunities because you never know what treasures may lie ahead
What’s your spirit animal and why?
Hawk – The hawk spirit guide represents perspective and the ability to see things from all sides
You’re planning a dinner party, what two famous people (past or present) do you invite?
Jay-Z and Barack Obama
What’s your favorite part about being part of the TriCom team?
Sense of belonging
Finish this sentence: When I’m not working, I’m..
doing something with my hands, eating or relaxing with my wife and pooch.
What’s something completely random that nobody would’ve guessed about you?
I ran the 4×100 and won at state in high school with former Vikings running back Michael BennettTransnational cooperation between European cities
Paul Gourdon, PhD student at Géographie-Cités, will defend his thesis in geography on November 30.
Thesis prize of the French National Committee of Geography
The first thesis prize of the French National Committee of Geography has been awarded to Julien Migozzi.
2021 Dissertation Prize for the study of Cities
The 2021 Dissertation Prize for the study of Cities PUCA/ [...]
Defence of a thesis: Julia Helena Tabbita
Julia Helena Tabbita defended her thesis on Thursday, September 23, [...]
New Arrival: Catherine Côme, Communications
Catherine Côme joined UMR Géographie-cités in May 2021. Her mission is to manage and implement the UMR's internal and external communication policy.
Carlo Salone, guest professor
Carlo Salone, Professor of Political and Economic Geography at DIST (Politecnico di Torino and University of Torino) is invited by Marie-Vic Ozouf-Marignier.
HDR Defence: Thomas Pfirsch
“Les espaces de la parenté en mouvement. Parenté transnationale et nouvelles migrations italiennes”You may know someone who has had a pin, screw or rod placed in a broken or otherwise damaged bone. Generally, these implants are necessary to hold bone pieces in place while healing occurs. In some cases, they can be removed, but in other cases, they become a permanent part of the patient’s body.
An interbody cage is a type of metal implant used during some spinal fusion surgeries. It stays in place after the healing process is complete, so it will be a permanent part of your body.
What Does an Interbody Cage Do?
During spinal fusion surgery, a bone graft is placed between two (or more) vertebrae. The end goal is for the bone graft to stimulate the patient’s own bone to grow and harden, fusing the two spine segments together. There are various methods of making sure that the graft stays in place, and an interbody cage is one of them. This device acts as a containment device to keep the bone graft where it’s supposed to be. It is shaped and designed to allow the graft to form bone around the cage, acting as a bridge of sorts between the two vertebrae. It also maintains the proper spacing between vertebrae.
Videos of Spinal Fusion
It can be difficult to picture what happens during spinal fusion. Spine-health.com has put together several excellent videos to help patients visualize what will happen during their spinal fusion procedures.
A procedure called Anterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion, or ALIF, takes place through an incision in the abdomen. You can watch a (non-graphic) video on this here. You’ll see in the video how the cage fits neatly between the two affected vertebrae.
Another common procedure, the Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion, or PLIF, is done through an incision in the back. Here is the (also non-graphic) video for this surgery. This type of procedure can sometimes be done in a minimally invasive way; talk to your spine surgeon about whether this is an option for you.
Having spinal fusion surgery can be an overwhelming experience, but knowing what will happen will take away a lot of your fear and apprehension. Don’t be afraid to ask questions about the procedure, how it will be performed, what your recuperation will look like, and so on. Your spine surgeon wants to help you, and time for answering your questions is built into your consultation appointment.
If you have been told that you need spinal fusion surgery or you think you might be a candidate, please give Dr. Kornel’s office a call at (914) 948-0444. We would be happy to schedule you an appointment for a consultation so you can learn more about interbody cages and spinal fusion.Where to Shoot: On Site in Ibiza, on the Best Rated Beach Photo Locations
Romanowsky’s Beauty Model Relaxing and Working on New Shoot in Thailand
Victoria’s Secret Fashion Afterparty Plans to Go Off with a Bang This Year
Sisters Land New Swimsuit Fashion Role on the Cover of Bestseller Magazine
The Best Dressed Men from the Sports Industry: Footballers in Top 3 Places.Who is the facilitator from HTML? Rich Schwerdtfeger Distinguished Engineer, SWG Accessibility Architect/Strategist Laura Carlson <laura.lee.carlso n@gmail.com> To Sent by: HTML Accessibility Task Force public-html-a11y- <public-html-a11y@w3.org>, Charles request@w3.org McCathieNevile <chaals@opera.com> cc "W3C WAI Protocols & Formats" 10/28/2009 04:18 <w3c-wai-pf@w3.org>, Sam Ruby PM <rubys@intertwingly.net>, John Foliot <jfoliot@stanford.edu>, "Gregory J. Rosmaita" <oedipus@hicom.net> Subject Is the accessibility task force official now? Hi all, Is the accessibility task force official now? Sam seems to indicate that it is the case in his agenda [1] for tomorrow's HTML WG Teleconference. He also mentions that PF has a co-chair but not the HTML WG. Who is the PF co-chair? Regarding the task force Sam wrote: > Status of Task Forces > a. Testing Task Force > b. HTML Accessibility Task Force > > Current status is that both are started, with the HATF lacking an > HTMLWG liaison. The chairs are still discussing how to proceed with > this issue. > > Any other actions the chairs need to focus on? > > Any (early) status either TF wishes to report on? Thoughts everyone? Some things I am aware of: As discussed at Friday's Caucus meeting [2], Michael set up this mailing list and sent out the initial email to the group: He created the HTML Accessibility Task Force Home Page: He created a Wiki page to document the process to submit accessibility spec bugs so that a copy goes to this list so the Task force will see them. He created the Bugzilla keywords "a11y" and "PFWG" I tagged the legacy accessibility bugs that I am aware of with "a11y". I put together a Wiki page for Accessibility Issues in Tracker and Bugs in Bugzilla I put together a Wiki page to list all HTML WG Task Forces (We may need to coordinate some with the other TFs): As I don't seem to have permissions to edit in the New WAI Wiki, so I updated Gregory's original HTML5 Issue Collection and Requirements Drafting Page with a few items: I started a wiki page for HTML Accessibility Task Force Teleconferences (don't know if the details are right yet). I started a place holder page for HTML Accessibility Task Force Meeting Minutes Anything else? Best Regards, Laura [1] [2] -- Laura L. Carlson
(image/gif attachment: graycol.gif)
(image/gif attachment: pic04868.gif)
(image/gif attachment: ecblank.gif)
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.4.0 : Friday, 17 January 2020 19:55:25 UTCSeven Ages
Louise Gluck (Author)
Available
DescriptionLouise Gluck has long practised poetry as a species of clairvoyance. She began as Cassandra, at a distance, in league with the immortals. To read her books sequentially is to chart the oracle's metamorphoses into unwilling vessel, reckless, mortal, down-to-earth. "The Seven Ages" is Gluck's ninth book, one of her strangest and certainly her most bold. In it - like William Blake's mystical Thel - she gazes down at her own death and in so doing forces endless superimpositions of the possible on the impossible. Her act at once defies and embraces the inevitable and is finally mimetic. Over and over, at each wild leap and transformation, flames shoot up the reader's spine. In an essay she writes, "one of the revelations of art is the discovery of a tone or perspective at once wholly unexpected and wholly true to a set of materials". This truth to materials -language, occasion, antecedent - is the proof of a poem.
Product Details
Price
£9.94 £9.24
Publisher
Carcanet Press Ltd
Publish Date
29 November 2001
Language
Type
Paperback
EAN/UPC
9781857545425
BIC Categories:
Earn By Promoting Books
Earn money by sharing your favourite books through our Affiliate programme.LeoVegas
Bonus
100% up to 80000₹ via 4 deposits
Free spins
Up to 200 Free Spins
Overview
- Deposit Methods: Visa, MasterCard, Neteller, Paysafecard and Skrill, Maestro, Trustly
- Withdrawal: write down all the withdrawal Bank Wire Transfer, Neteller, Visa, Skrill, Paysafe Card, Trustly methods
- Games: Slots, Live Poker, Live Dealer, BlackJack, Baccarat, Keno, Roulette, Craps, Scratchcards
- Minimum deposit: Donec ultricies placerat neque, eu malesuada lacus dignissim in
- Languages: English, Finnish, German, Norwegian, Sweden, Polish
- Countries: write down all the available India, UK, Canada, New Zealand, Ireland, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden Germany countries
- Withdrawal limit:: ₹1 000,000
- Website link::
- Min. Deposit: ₹1000
- Currencies: Euro, GBP, SEK, AUD, INR
- License: Malta Gaming Authority
- Established: 2011
- Software & Games Rating: 5
- Payout Speed: 5
- Bonuses & Offers : 3
- Security: 4
Pros / Cons
- Has the Malta Gaming Authority license which supports players
- An interesting loyalty program with its own surpraizes
- An active 24/7 player's support with live chat
- A massive list of variuos games for everybody
- The Casino in unavailable in USA and in a few other conties
- Small bonuses comparing to other online casinos
- The list of possible payment methods could be improved
LeoVegas Casino Review: An Innovative and Fast Growing Mobile Casino
Leovegas Casino is an innovative mobile casino that has won several awards for its innovations. LeovegasCasino.com was founded in 2011 by Gustaf Hagman and Robin Ramm-Ericsson. Leovegas Casino also offers Leoventures, which is a daughter company of the Group and focuses on inventions and developments in the fields of online gaming as well as other entertainment products. Leovegas.com is committed to the highest level of customer service and Leoventures has won several awards, including MobileCasinoParty’s 2015 award for best mobile casino innovator. Leovegas Casino also provides a wide variety of games that can be played on different devices such as smartphones, tablets, desktops and laptops; this includes a range from classic slots to very well known video poker variants like Jacks or Better. Leovegas Casino has grown to offer over 500 of the finest casino games with a variety of bonuses and promotions from Leoventures and a selection of mobile slots, table games and video poker.
Leovegas is committed to customer satisfaction with the highest level of service. Leoventures offers award-winning innovations in online gaming as well as other entertainment products that can be enjoyed on different devices such as desktops, laptops or tablets; this includes classics like slot machines or very popular variants like Jacks or Better Poker. Leovegas also provides more than 500 top quality gambling options including Leovegas’ lotteries and jackpots which are available for players across the world.
If you want to learn more about LeoVegas and their games, payment methods and bonuses, then keep on reading our LeoVegas casino review!
What to Know About Leovegas Casino Deposit and Withdrawal Processes
Leovegas is one of the world’s leading online gambling platforms. It offers a variety of games, both for players and casino operators. Leovegas minimum deposit works with many payment methods that are easy-to-use and secure to ensure your personal data is protected at all times. This paragraph will discuss how you can deposit money and withdraw it from Leovegas, so let’s get started!
Your Leovegas casino deposit can be deposited via all actual payment methods. Neteller, Skrill, Paysafecard and of course Visa and MasterCard are among them. Money gets on your account instantly so you won’t have to wait at all.
To withdraw some funds from Leovegas there is a need for active status in the site and an email address that has been verified within the system (verification will be done automatically by clicking “register now”). There’s also a minimum withdrawal limit set depending on which method was used to make deposits: 1’000 INR or its equivalent in other currency if using Neteller; 7’000 INR or its equivalent in other currencies with credit cards; 4’000 euros or its equivalent when withdrawing via Skrill.
If you are withdrawing money, it is worth noting that the site does not charge any fees for outgoing transactions when using Neteller or credit cards and they only take a fee of 20 percent from withdrawals made via Skrill. Leovegas also offers free deposits with Paysafecard – this way you can get some extra cash to start playing without paying anything out of your pocket.
Leovegas Casino Welcome Bonus: One of the Most Popular Promotions
The majority of gambling sites offer casino bonuses to make those bonuses into promotions for new players. Leovegas Casino welcome bonus is one of the most popular promotions for engaging players. All you have to do is register and deposit something into your account, and Leovegas will give you a welcome bonus! There are many different types of welcome bonuses that casinos offer – with some being more lucrative than others. Read on to learn about the benefits and drawbacks of this promotion, as well as a few other common casino promotions in order to help you decide if this should be your next move.
The welcome bonus has a limited time, so it’s important to get on the offer and make a withdrawal with your winnings as quickly as possible! For example, Leovegas will give you 14’000 INR after your first deposit in order for you to test their games out – but only if you do it within 31 days of signing up with them. If not, don’t worry – there are still plenty of other bonuses available that might have better benefits for what you’re looking for in terms of incentives (such as more money or shorter periods). Take advantage of the welcome bonus which best suits your needs!
Leovegas Casino Games: Thousands of Unique Choices
Leovegas Casino is one of the best casinos on the web for gamers looking for a large variety of games to play. It offers 2452 different games, each with its own unique features and style. One thing that stands out in particular is that it has an abundance of slot machines from some of the most popular companies like NetEnt, Evolution, and Microgaming. These are just some examples; there’s plenty more you can find at leovegas casino!
Let’s talk about the selection of LeoVegas casino games in more detail.
When you first go in, leovegas will show off its selection with an option right at the top that says “casino” or “slots.” Clicking on either one takes you to a list of all available options whereupon clicking any individual title brings up more information about how to play (e.g., rules) as well as screenshots of what the screen looks like while playing each specific game type. Other than giving descriptions, there are also reviews by other gamers who have played it before so you know if they’ve liked it or not.
The LeoVegas casino has a great selection of games with something for everyone, from the newbie to the seasoned player alike! You can find amazing progressive jackpots, slots that offer thousands in prizes and table games where you’ve got an opportunity to win big if your luck is on!
LeoVegas offers more than just slot machines as well – they have blackjack too. The leovegas casino’s version comes with some differences such as wilds but also features pay tables which are based on different odds so those who want to gamble will know what their chances are when playing certain variations of this game type. There are many other options for gaming too – video poker, roulette etc.
LeoVegas Casino India Payment Methods: Which Way to Pay?
LeoVegas Casino India offers a variety of payment methods for Indians. Whether you would like to deposit, then there are many options available! Some of these include Credit or Debit card, Paysafecard, Wallets, Trustly and Skrill and Neteller. The list varies from what you may be looking for in a casino so make sure to check it out before making your selection!
Here is the full list of payment methods in LeoVegas:
- Credit or Debit card;
- Paysafecard;
- Wallets (including Skrill and Neteller);
- Trustly;
- LeoVegas Casino India Mobile App (for Android and IOS);
- SMS Banking (India only);
- Neteller Instant Transfer;
- Bank Transfers in INR.
LeoVegas Mobile App: An Easy Way to Play and Win
LeoVegas Casino is one of the most popular online casinos available all across the globe, which obviously requires a lot of responsibility. One reason for its popularity is Leovegas mobile app, which makes it easy to play and win money on the go. With leovegas mobile app you can access all leovegas casino games from your phone or tablet, even if that device has a low-end hardware configuration. The leovegas casino mobile app also doesn’t take up much battery charge so you’ll be able to enjoy hours of gaming without running out of power!The Leovegas casino mobile app is available for Android and iOs devices. Download it in the Google Play Store and iTunes App Store respectively. Remember to get leovegas mobile app only from leovegas official website: leovegas-casino.com
Just as you would with any other gambling site on your computer or phone screen, use a strategy when playing at leo vegas! A good rule of thumb if picking out which games to play is trying out ones that have been newly added; they are more likely to be winners than those that have been around longer .
There are also leovegas bonus codes on the leo vegas mobile app that you can enter in order to get more of leovegas free spins. One thing to remember about these is they expire, so be sure not to miss out!
If you still have any unanswered questions left, then visit our Frequently Asked Questions section down below!
Is LeoVegas legal in India?
Leovegas is a casino that is well known for having an incredible experience. They have a fantastic online casino and they also offer great games to play on your phone, tablet or computer. This is why many gamblers ask the simple question: “Is Leovegas legal in India?” Luckily, it is fully legal there so anybody can play without any problems.
Does LeoVegas have any limits?
LeoVegas encourages its players to gamble responsibly, so they strongly encourage gamblers to set limits for themselves. Casino gaming should be a pleasant and fun experience and not a question of life and death.
Can I change limits once I set them?
Yes, of course you can! It is all about freedom, so you can easily change your limits if you feel like it. It takes about ten minutes for them to process, so you won’t be standing in front of the screen for hours.
How to contact LeoVegas customer support?
There are several ways to contact customer support. Firstly, you can do it via email, but it can take up to two or three days to get an answer. So, we advise you to solve your problems via live chat that is available on their website. Usually customers get an answer right away, so you shouldn’t be worried about being left ”on read”.
How long does it take to withdraw money from LeoVegas?
It solely depends on your payment method of choice. Usually it takes about a day, but, for example, banks are closed on weekdays, so if you tried to make a withdrawal on Saturday, you will probably have to wait for Monday to arrive.Please check all of the requirements on the website before making any financial transactions for your own safety!
We truly hope that our Leovegas casino review was useful and expanded your knowledge about the gambling world and now you are engaged to try the casino yourself. Good luck!Chapter 10 - Forms
When writing templates, much of a developer's time is devoted to forms. Despite this, forms are generally poorly designed. Since much attention is required to deal with default values, formatting, validation, repopulation, and form handling in general, some developers tend to skim over some important details in the process. Accordingly, symfony devotes special attention to this topic. This chapter describes the tools that automate many of these requirements while speeding up forms development:
- The form helpers provide a faster way to write form inputs in templates, especially for complex elements such as dates, drop-down lists, and rich text.
- When a form is devoted to editing the properties of an object, the templating can be further accelerated by using object form helpers.
- The YAML validation files facilitate form validation and repopulation.
- Validators package the code required to validate input. Symfony bundles validators for the most common needs, and it is very easy to add custom validators.
Form Helpers
In templates, HTML tags of form elements are very often mixed with PHP code. Form helpers in symfony aim to simplify this task and to avoid opening
<?php echo tags repeatedly in the middle of
<input> tags.
Main Form Tag
As explained in the previous chapter, you must use the
form_tag() helper to create a form, since it transforms the action given as a parameter into a routed URL. The second argument can support additional options--for instance, to change the default
method, change the default
enctype, or specify other attributes. Listing 10-1 shows examples.
Listing 10-1 - The
form_tag() Helper
<?php echo form_tag('test/save') ?> => <form method="post" action="/path/to/save"> <?php echo form_tag('test/save', 'method=get multipart=true class=simpleForm') ?> => <form method="get" enctype="multipart/form-data" class="simpleForm"action="/path/to/save">
As there is no need for a closing form helper, you should use the HTML
</form> tag, even if it doesn't look good in your source code.
Standard Form Elements
With form helpers, each element in a form is given an id attribute deduced from its name attribute by default. This is not the only useful convention. See Listing 10-2 for a full list of standard form helpers and their options.
Listing 10-2 - Standard Form Helpers Syntax
// Text field (input) <?php echo input_tag('name', 'default value') ?> => <input type="text" name="name" id="name" value="default value" /> // All form helpers accept an additional options parameter // It allows you to add custom attributes to the generated tag <?php echo input_tag('name', 'default value', 'maxlength=20') ?> => <input type="text" name="name" id="name" value="default value" maxlength="20" /> // Long text field (text area) <?php echo textarea_tag('name', 'default content', 'size=10x20') ?> => <textarea name="name" id="name" cols="10" rows="20"> default content </textarea> // Check box <?php echo checkbox_tag('single', 1, true) ?> <?php echo checkbox_tag('driverslicense', 'B', false) ?> => <input type="checkbox" name="single" id="single" value="1" checked="checked" /> <input type="checkbox" name="driverslicense" id="driverslicense" value="B" /> // Radio button <?php echo radiobutton_tag('status[]', 'value1', true) ?> <?php echo radiobutton_tag('status[]', 'value2', false) ?> => <input type="radio" name="status[]" id="status_value1" value="value1" checked="checked" /> <input type="radio" name="status[]" id="status_value2" value="value2" /> // Dropdown list (select) <?php echo select_tag('payment', '<option selected="selected">Visa</option> <option>Eurocard</option> <option>Mastercard</option>') ?> => <select name="payment" id="payment"> <option selected="selected">Visa</option> <option>Eurocard</option> <option>Mastercard</option> </select> // List of options for a select tag <?php echo options_for_select(array('Visa', 'Eurocard', 'Mastercard'), 0) ?> => <option value="0" selected="selected">Visa</option> <option value="1">Eurocard</option> <option value="2">Mastercard</option> // Dropdown helper combined with a list of options <?php echo select_tag('payment', options_for_select(array( 'Visa', 'Eurocard', 'Mastercard' ), 0)) ?> => <select name="payment" id="payment"> <option value="0" selected="selected">Visa</option> <option value="1">Eurocard</option> <option value="2">Mastercard</option> </select> // To specify option names, use an associative array <?php echo select_tag('name', options_for_select(array( 'Steve' => 'Steve', 'Bob' => 'Bob', 'Albert' => 'Albert', 'Ian' => 'Ian', 'Buck' => 'Buck' ), 'Ian')) ?> => <select name="name" id="name"> <option value="Steve">Steve</option> <option value="Bob">Bob</option> <option value="Albert">Albert</option> <option value="Ian" selected="selected">Ian</option> <option value="Buck">Buck</option> </select> // Dropdown list with multiple selection (selected values can be an array) <?php echo select_tag('payment', options_for_select( array('Visa' => 'Visa', 'Eurocard' => 'Eurocard', 'Mastercard' => 'Mastercard'), array('Visa', 'Mastercard'), ), array('multiple' => true))) ?> => <select name="payment[]" id="payment" multiple="multiple"> <option value="Visa" selected="selected">Visa</option> <option value="Eurocard">Eurocard</option> <option value="Mastercard">Mastercard</option> </select> // Drop-down list with multiple selection (selected values can be an array) <?php echo select_tag('payment', options_for_select( array('Visa' => 'Visa', 'Eurocard' => 'Eurocard', 'Mastercard' => 'Mastercard'), array('Visa', 'Mastercard') ), 'multiple=multiple') ?> => <select name="payment[]" id="payment" multiple="multiple"> <option value="Visa" selected="selected">Visa</option> <option value="Eurocard">Eurocard</option> <option value="Mastercard" selected="selected">Mastercard</option> </select> // Upload file field <?php echo input_file_tag('name') ?> => <input type="file" name="name" id="name" value="" /> // Password field <?php echo input_password_tag('name', 'value') ?> => <input type="password" name="name" id="name" value="value" /> // Hidden field <?php echo input_hidden_tag('name', 'value') ?> => <input type="hidden" name="name" id="name" value="value" /> // Submit button (as text) <?php echo submit_tag('Save') ?> => <input type="submit" name="submit" value="Save" /> // Submit button (as image) <?php echo submit_image_tag('submit_img') ?> => <input type="image" name="submit" src="/legacy/images/submit_img.png" />
The
submit_image_tag() helper uses the same syntax and has the same advantages as the
image_tag().
note
For radio buttons, the
id attribute is not set by default to the value of the
name attribute, but to a combination of the name and the value. That's because you need to have several radio button tags with the same name to obtain the automated "deselecting the previous one when selecting another" feature, and the
id=name convention would imply having several HTML tags with the same
id attribute in your page, which is strictly forbidden.
Symfony offers specialized form helpers to do asynchronous requests in the background. The next chapter, which focuses on Ajax, provides more details.
Date Input Widgets
Forms are often used to retrieve dates. Dates in the wrong format are the main reason for form-submission failures. The
input_date_tag() helper can assist the user in entering a date with an interactive JavaScript calendar, if you set the
rich option to
true, as shown in Figure 10-1.
Figure 10-1 - Rich date input tag
If the
rich option is omitted, the helper echoes three
<select> tags populated with a range of months, days, and years. You can display these drop-downs separately by calling their helpers (
select_day_tag(),
select_month_tag(), and
select_year_tag()). The default values of these elements are the current day, month, and year. Listing 10-3 shows the input date helpers.
Listing 10-3 - Input Date Helpers
<?php echo input_date_tag('dateofbirth', '2005-05-03', 'rich=true') ?> => a text input tag together with a calendar widget // The following helpers require the DateForm helper group <?php use_helper('DateForm') ?> <?php echo select_day_tag('day', 1, 'include_custom=Choose a day') ?> => <select name="day" id="day"> <option value="">Choose a day</option> <option value="1" selected="selected">01</option> <option value="2">02</option> ... <option value="31">31</option> </select> <?php echo select_month_tag('month', 1, 'include_custom=Choose a month use_short_month=true') ?> => <select name="month" id="month"> <option value="">Choose a month</option> <option value="1" selected="selected">Jan</option> <option value="2">Feb</option> ... <option value="12">Dec</option> </select> <?php echo select_year_tag('year', 2007, 'include_custom=Choose a year year_end=2010') ?> => <select name="year" id="year"> <option value="">Choose a year</option> <option value="2006">2006</option> <option value="2007" selected="selected">2007</option> ... </select>
The accepted date values for the
input_date_tag() helper are the ones recognized by the
strtotime() PHP function. Listing 10-4 shows which formats can be used, and Listing 10-5 shows the ones that must be avoided.
Listing 10-4 - Accepted Date Formats in Date Helpers
// Work fine <?php echo input_date_tag('test', '2006-04-01', 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', 1143884373, 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', 'now', 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', '23 October 2005', 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', 'next tuesday', 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', '1 week 2 days 4 hours 2 seconds', 'rich=true') ?> // Return null <?php echo input_date_tag('test', null, 'rich=true') ?> <?php echo input_date_tag('test', '', 'rich=true') ?>
Listing 10-5 - Incorrect Date Formats in Date Helpers
// Date zero = 01/01/1970 <?php echo input_date_tag('test', 0, 'rich=true') ?> // Non-English date formats don't work <?php echo input_date_tag('test', '01/04/2006', 'rich=true') ?>
Rich Text Editing
Rich text editing is also possible in a
<textarea> tag, thanks to the integration of the TinyMCE and FCKEditor widgets. They provide a word-processor-like interface with buttons to format text as bold, italic, and other styles, as shown in Figure 10-2.
Figure 10-2 - Rich text editing
Both widgets require manual installation. As the procedure is the same for the two widgets, only the TinyMCE rich text editing is described here. You need to download the editor from the project website () and unpack it in a temporary folder. Copy the
tinymce/jscripts/tiny_mce/ directory into your project
web/js/ directory, and define the path to the library in
settings.yml, as shown in Listing 10-6.
Listing 10-6 - Setting Up the TinyMCE Library Path
all: .settings: rich_text_js_dir: js/tiny_mce
Once this is done, toggle the use of rich text editing in text areas by adding the
rich=true option. You can also specify custom options for the JavaScript editor using the
tinymce_options option. Listing 10-7 shows examples.
Listing 10-7 - Rich Text Area
<?php echo textarea_tag('name', 'default content', 'rich=true size=10x20') ?> => a rich text edit zone powered by TinyMCE <?php echo textarea_tag('name', 'default content', 'rich=true size=10x20 tinymce_options=language:"fr",theme_advanced_buttons2:"separator"') ?> => a rich text edit zone powered by TinyMCE with custom parameters
Country and Language Selection
You may need to display a country selection field. But since country names are not the same in all languages, the options of a country drop-down list should vary according to the user culture (see Chapter 13 for more information about cultures). As shown in Listing 10-8, the
select_country_tag() helper does it all for you: It internationalizes country names and uses the standard ISO country codes for values.
Listing 10-8 - Select Country Tag Helper
<?php echo select_country_tag('country', 'AL') ?> => <select name="country" id="country"> <option value="AF">Afghanistan</option> <option value="AL" selected="selected">Albania</option> <option value="DZ">Algeria</option> <option value="AS">American Samoa</option> ...
Similar to
select_country_tag() helper, the
select_language_tag() helper displays a list of languages, as shown in Listing 10-9.
Listing 10-9 - Select Language Tag Helper
<?php echo select_language_tag('language', 'en') ?> => <select name="language" id="language"> ... <option value="elx">Elamite</option> <option value="en" selected="selected">English</option> <option value="enm">English, Middle (1100-1500)</option> <option value="ang">English, Old (ca.450-1100)</option> <option value="myv">Erzya</option> <option value="eo">Esperanto</option> ...
Form Helpers for Objects
When form elements are used to edit the properties of an object, standard link helpers can become tedious to write. For instance, to edit the
telephone attribute of a
Customer object, you would write this:
<?php echo input_tag('telephone', $customer->getTelephone()) ?> => <input type="text" name="telephone" id="telephone" value="0123456789" />
To avoid repeating the attribute name, symfony provides an alternative object form helper for each form helper. An object form helper deduces the name and the default value of a form element from an object and a method name. The previous
input_tag() is equivalent to this:
<?php echo object_input_tag($customer, 'getTelephone') ?> => <input type="text" name="telephone" id="telephone" value="0123456789" />
The economy might not look crucial for the
object_input_tag(). However, every standard form helper has a corresponding object form helper, and they all share the same syntax. It makes generation of forms quite straightforward. That's why the object form helpers are used extensively in the scaffolding and generated administrations (see Chapter 14). Listing 10-10 lists the object form helpers.
Listing 10-10 - Object Form Helpers Syntax
<?php echo object_input_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_input_date_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_input_hidden_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_textarea_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_checkbox_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_select_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_select_country_tag($object, $method, $options) ?> <?php echo object_select_language_tag($object, $method, $options) ?>
There is no
object_password_tag() helper, since it is a bad practice to give a default value to a password tag, based on something the user has previously entered.
caution
Unlike the regular form helpers, the object form helpers are available only if you declare explicitly the use of the
Object helper group in your template with
use_helper('Object').
The most interesting of all object form helpers are
objects_for_select() and
object_select_tag(), which concern drop-down lists.
Populating Drop-Down Lists with Objects
The
options_for_select() helper, described previously with the other standard helpers, transforms a PHP associative array into an options list, as shown in Listing 10-11.
Listing 10-11 - Creating a List of Options Based on an Array with
options_for_select()
<?php echo options_for_select(array( '1' => 'Steve', '2' => 'Bob', '3' => 'Albert', '4' => 'Ian', '5' => 'Buck' ), 4) ?> => <option value="1">Steve</option> <option value="2">Bob</option> <option value="3">Albert</option> <option value="4" selected="selected">Ian</option> <option value="5">Buck</option>
Suppose that you already have an array of objects of class
Author, resulting from a Propel query. If you want to build a list of options based on this array, you will need to loop on it to retrieve the
id and the
name of each object, as shown in Listing 10-12.
Listing 10-12 - Creating a List of Options Based on an Array of Objects with
options_for_select()
// In the action $options = array(); foreach ($authors as $author) { $options[$author->getId()] = $author->getName(); } $this->options = $options; // In the template <?php echo options_for_select($options, 4) ?>
This kind of processing happens so often that symfony has a helper to automate it:
objects_for_select(), which creates an option list based directly on an array of objects. The helper needs two additional parameters: the method names used to retrieve the
value and the text contents of the
<option> tags to be generated. So Listing 10-12 is equivalent to this simpler form:
<?php echo objects_for_select($authors, 'getId', 'getName', 4) ?>
That's smart and fast, but symfony goes even further, when you deal with foreign key columns.
Creating a Drop-Down List Based on a Foreign Key Column
The values a foreign key column can take are the primary key values of the foreign table records. If, for instance, the
article table has an
author_id column that is a foreign key to an
author table, the possible values for this column are the
id of all the records of the
author table. Basically, a drop-down list to edit the author of an article would look like Listing 10-13.
Listing 10-13 - Creating a List of Options Based on a Foreign Key with
objects_for_select()
<?php echo select_tag('author_id', objects_for_select( AuthorPeer::doSelect(new Criteria()), 'getId', '__toString', $article->getAuthorId() )) ?> => <select name="author_id" id="author_id"> <option value="1">Steve</option> <option value="2">Bob</option> <option value="3">Albert</option> <option value="4" selected="selected">Ian</option> <option value="5">Buck</option> </select>
The
object_select_tag() does all that by itself. It displays a drop-down list populated with the name of the possible records of the foreign table. The helper can guess the foreign table and foreign column from the schema, so its syntax is very concise. Listing 10-13 is equivalent to this:
<?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId') ?>
The
object_select_tag() helper guesses the related peer class name (
AuthorPeer in the example) based on the method name passed as a parameter. However, you can specify your own class by setting the
related_class option in the third argument. The text content of the
<option> tags is the record name, which is the result of the
__toString() method of the object class (if
$author->__toString() method is undefined, the primary key is used instead). In addition, the list of options is built from a doSelect() method with an empty criteria value; it returns all the records ordered by creation date. If you prefer to display only a subset of records with a specific ordering, create a method in the peer class returning this selection as an array of objects, and set it in the
peer_method option. Lastly, you can add a blank option or a custom option at the top of the drop-down list by setting the include_blank and include_custom options. Listing 10-14 demonstrates these different options for the
object_select_tag() helper.
Listing 10-14 - Options of the
object_select_tag() Helper
// Base syntax <?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId') ?> // Builds the list from AuthorPeer::doSelect(new Criteria()) // Change the peer class used to retrieve the possible values <?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId', 'related_class=Foobar') ?> // Builds the list from FoobarPeer::doSelect(new Criteria()) // Change the peer method used to retrieve the possible values <?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId','peer_method=getMostFamousAuthors') ?> // Builds the list from AuthorPeer::getMostFamousAuthors(new Criteria()) // Add an <option value=""> </option> at the top of the list <?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId', 'include_blank=true') ?> // Add an <option value="">Choose an author</option> at the top of the list <?php echo object_select_tag($article, 'getAuthorId', 'include_custom=Choose an author') ?>
Updating Objects
A form completely dedicated to editing object properties by using object helpers is easier to handle in an action. For instance, if you have an object of class
Author with
name,
age, and
address attributes, the form can be coded as shown in Listing 10-15.
Listing 10-15 - A Form with Only Object Helpers
<?php echo form_tag('author/update') ?> <?php echo object_input_hidden_tag($author, 'getId') ?> Name: <?php echo object_input_tag($author, 'getName') ?><br /> Age: <?php echo object_input_tag($author, 'getAge') ?><br /> Address: <br /> <?php echo object_textarea_tag($author, 'getAddress') ?> </form>
The
update action of the
author module, called when the form is submitted, can simply update the object with the
fromArray() modifier generated by Propel, as shown in Listing 10-16.
Listing 10-16 - Handling a Form Submission Based on Object Form Helpers
public function executeUpdate () { $author = AuthorPeer::retrieveByPk($this->getRequestParameter('id')); $this->forward404Unless($author); $author->fromArray($this->getRequest()->getParameterHolder()->getAll(),BasePeer::TYPE_FIELDNAME); $author->save(); return $this->redirect('/author/show?id='.$author->getId()); }
Form Validation
Chapter 6 explained how to use the
validateXXX() methods in the action class to validate the request parameters. However, if you use this technique to validate a form submission, you will end up rewriting the same portion of code over and over. Symfony provides an alternative form-validation technique, relying on only a YAML file, instead of PHP code in the action class.
To demonstrate the form-validation features, let's first consider the sample form shown in Listing 10-17. It is a classic contact form, with
name,
age, and
message fields.
Listing 10-17 - Sample Contact Form, in
modules/contact/templates/indexSuccess.php
<?php echo form_tag('contact/send') ?> Name: <?php echo input_tag('name') ?><br /> Email: <?php echo input_tag('email') ?><br /> Age: <?php echo input_tag('age') ?><br /> Message: <?php echo textarea_tag('message') ?><br /> <?php echo submit_tag() ?> </form>
The principle of form validation is that if a user enters invalid data and submits the form, the next page should show an error message. Let's define what valid data should be for the sample form, in plain English:
- The
namefield is required. It must be a text entry between 2 and 100 characters.
- The
- The
agefield is required. It must be an integer between 0 and 120.
- The
messagefield is required.
You could define more complex validation rules for the contact form, but these are just fine for a demonstration of the validation possibilities.
note
Form validation can occur on the server side and/or on the client side. The server-side validation is compulsory to avoid corrupting a database with wrong data. The client-side validation is optional, though it greatly enhances the user experience. The client-side validation is to be done with custom JavaScript.
Validators
You can see that the
name and
execute() method. This method expects the value of a field as parameter, and returns
true if the value is valid and
false otherwise.
Symfony ships with several validators (described in the "Standard Symfony Validators" section later in this chapter), but let's focus on the
sfStringValidator for now. This validator checks that an input is a string, and that its size is between two specified character amounts (defined when calling the
initialize() method). That's exactly what is required to validate the
name field. Listing 10-18 shows how to use this validator in a validation method.
Listing 10-18 - Validating Request Parameters with Reusable Validators, in
modules/contact/action/actions.class.php
public function validateSend() { $name = $this->getRequestParameter('name'); // The name field is required if (!$name) { $this->getRequest()->setError('name', 'The name field cannot be left blank'); return false; } // The name field must be a text entry between 2 and 100 characters $myValidator = new sfStringValidator(); $myValidator->initialize($this->getContext(), array( 'min' => 2, 'min_error' => 'This name is too short (2 characters minimum)', 'max' => 100, 'max_error' => 'This name is too long. (100 characters maximum)', )); if (!$myValidator->execute($name, $error)) { return false; } return true; }
If a user submits the form in Listing 10-17 with the value
a in the
name field, the
execute() method of the
sfStringValidator will return
false (because the string length is less than the minimum of two characters). The
validateSend() method will then fail, and the
handleErrorSend() method will be called instead of the
executeSend() method.
tip
The
setError() method of the
sfRequest class gives information to the template so that it can display an error message (as explained in the "Displaying the Error Messages in the Form" section later in this chapter). The validators set the errors internally, so you can define different errors for the different cases of nonvalidation. That's the purpose of the
min_error and
max_error initialization parameters of the
sfStringValidator.
All the rules defined in the example can be translated into validators:
name:
sfStringValidator(
min=2,
max=100)
sfStringValidator(
min=2,
max=100) and
sfEmailValidator
age:
sfNumberValidator(
min=0,
max=120)
The fact that a field is required is not handled by a validator.
Validation File
You could easily implement the validation of the contact form with validators in the
validateSend() method, but that would imply repeating a lot of code. Symfony offers an alternative way to define validation rules for a form, and it involves YAML. For instance, Listing 10-19 shows the translation of the name field validation rules, and its results are equivalent to those of Listing 10-18.
Listing 10-19 - Validation File, in
modules/contact/validate/send.yml
fields: name: required: msg: The name field cannot be left blank sfStringValidator: min: 2 min_error: This name is too short (2 characters minimum) max: 100 max_error: This name is too long. (100 characters maximum)
In a validation file, the
fields header lists the fields that need to be validated, if they are required, and the validators that should be tested on them when a value is present. The parameters of each validator are the same as those you would use to initialize the validator manually. A field can be validated by as many validators as necessary.
note
The validation process doesn't stop when a validator fails. Symfony tests all the validators and declares the validation failed if at least one of them fails. And even if some of the rules of the validation file fail, symfony will still look for a
validateXXX() method and execute it. So the two validation techniques are complementary. The advantage is that, in a form with multiple failures, all the error messages are shown.
Validation files are located in the module
validate/ directory, and named by the action they must validate. For example, Listing 10-19 must be stored in a file called
validate/send.yml.
Redisplaying the Form
By default, symfony looks for a
handleErrorSend() method in the action class whenever the validation process fails, or displays the
sendError.php template if the method doesn't exist.
The usual way to inform the user of a failed validation is to display the form again with an error message. To that purpose, you need to override the
handleErrorSend() method and end it with a redirection to the action that displays the form (in the example,
module/index), as shown in Listing 10-20.
Listing 10-20 - Displaying the Form Again, in
modules/contact/actions/actions.class.php
class ContactActions extends sfActions { public function executeIndex() { // Display the form } public function handleErrorSend() { $this->forward('contact', 'index'); } public function executeSend() { // Handle the form submission } }
If you choose to use the same action to display the form and handle the form submission, then the
handleErrorSend() method can simply return
sfView::SUCCESS to redisplay the form from
sendSuccess.php, as shown in Listing 10-21.
Listing 10-21 - A Single Action to Display and Handle the Form, in
modules/contact/actions/actions.class.php
class ContactActions extends sfActions { public function executeSend() { if ($this->getRequest()->getMethod() != sfRequest::POST) { // Prepare data for the template // Display the form return sfView::SUCCESS; } else { // Handle the form submission ... $this->redirect('mymodule/anotheraction'); } } public function handleErrorSend() { // Prepare data for the template // Display the form return sfView::SUCCESS; } }
The logic necessary to prepare the data can be refactored into a protected method of the action class, to avoid repeating it in the
executeSend() and
handleErrorSend() methods.
With this new configuration, when the user types an invalid name, the form is displayed again, but the entered data is lost and no error message explains the reason of the failure. To address the last issue, you must modify the template that displays the form, to insert error messages close to the faulty field.
Displaying the Error Messages in the Form
The error messages defined as validator parameters are added to the request when a field fails validation (just as you can add an error manually with the
setError() method, as in Listing 10-18). The
sfRequest object provides two useful methods to retrieve the error message:
hasError() and
getError(), which each expect a field name as parameter. In addition, you can display an alert at the top of the form to draw attention to the fact that one or many of the fields contain invalid data with the
hasErrors() method. Listings 10-22 and 10-23 demonstrate how to use these methods.
Listing 10-22 - Displaying Error Messages at the Top of the Form, in
templates/indexSuccess.php
<?php if ($sf_request->hasErrors()): ?> <p>The data you entered seems to be incorrect. Please correct the following errors and resubmit:</p> <ul> <?php foreach($sf_request->getErrors() as $name => $error): ?> <li><?php echo $name ?>: <?php echo $error ?></li> <?php endforeach; ?> </ul> <?php endif; ?>
Listing 10-23 - Displaying Error Messages Inside the Form, in
templates/indexSuccess.php
<?php echo form_tag('contact/send') ?> <?php if ($sf_request->hasError('name')): ?> <?php echo $sf_request->getError('name') ?> <br /> <?php endif; ?> Name: <?php echo input_tag('name') ?><br /> ... <?php echo submit_tag() ?> </form>
The conditional use of the
getError() method in Listing 10-23 is a bit long to write. That's why symfony offers a
form_error() helper to replace it, provided that you declare the use of its helper group,
Validation. Listing 10-24 replaces Listing 10-23 by using this helper.
Listing 10-24 - Displaying Error Messages Inside the Form, the Short Way
<?php use_helper('Validation') ?> <?php echo form_tag('contact/send') ?> <?php echo form_error('name') ?><br /> Name: <?php echo input_tag('name') ?><br /> ... <?php echo submit_tag() ?> </form>
The
form_error() helper adds a special character before and after each error message to make the messages more visible. By default, the character is an arrow pointing down (corresponding to the
↓ entity), but you can change it in the
settings.yml file:
all: .settings: validation_error_prefix: ' ↓ ' validation_error_suffix: ' ↓'
In case of failed validation, the form now displays errors correctly, but the data entered by the user is lost. You need to repopulate the form to make it really user-friendly.
Repopulating the Form
As the error handling is done through the
forward() method (shown in Listing 10-20), the original request is still accessible, and the data entered by the user is in the request parameters. So you could repopulate the form by adding default values to each field, as shown in Listing 10-25.
Listing 10-25 - Setting Default Values to Repopulate the Form When Validation Fails, in
templates/indexSuccess.php
<?php use_helper('Validation') ?> <?php echo form_tag('contact/send') ?> <?php echo form_error('name') ?><br /> Name: <?php echo input_tag('name', $sf_params->get('name')) ?><br /> <?php echo form_error('email') ?><br /> Email: <?php echo input_tag('email', $sf_params->get('email')) ?><br /> <?php echo form_error('age') ?><br /> Age: <?php echo input_tag('age', $sf_params->get('age')) ?><br /> <?php echo form_error('message') ?><br /> Message: <?php echo textarea_tag('message', $sf_params->get('message')) ?><br /> <?php echo submit_tag() ?> </form>
But once again, this is quite tedious to write. Symfony provides an alternative way of triggering repopulation for all the fields of a form, directly in the YAML validation file, without changing the default values of the elements. Just enable the
fillin: feature for the form, with the syntax described in Listing 10-26.
Listing 10-26 - Activating
fillin to Repopulate the Form When Validation Fails, in
validate/send.yml
fillin: enabled: true # Enable the form repopulation param: name: test # Form name, not needed if there is only one form in the page skip_fields: [email] # Do not repopulate these fields exclude_types: [hidden, password] # Do not repopulate these field types check_types: [text, checkbox, radio, select, hidden] # Do repopulate these content_type: html # html is the tolerant default. Other option is xml and xhtml (same as xml but without xml prolog)
By default, the automatic repopulation works for text inputs, check boxes, radio buttons, text areas, and select components (simple and multiple), but it does not repopulate password or hidden tags. The
fillin feature doesn't work for file tags.
note
The
fillin feature works by parsing the response content in XML just before sending it to the user. By default
fillin will output HTML.
If you want to have
fillin to output XHTML you have to set
param: content_type: xml. If the response is not a strictly valid XHTML document
fillin will not work.
The third available
content_type is
xhtml which is the same as
xml but it removes the xml prolog from the response which causes quirks mode in IE6.
You might want to transform the values entered by the user before writing them back in a form input. Escaping, URL rewriting, transformation of special characters into entities, and all the other transformations that can be called through a function can be applied to the fields of your form if you define the transformation under the
converters: key, as shown in Listing 10-27.
Listing 10-27 - Converting Input Before
fillin, in
validate/send.yml
fillin: enabled: true param: name: test converters: # Converters to apply htmlentities: [first_name, comments] htmlspecialchars: [comments]
Standard Symfony Validators
Symfony contains some standard validators that can be used for your forms:
sfStringValidator
sfNumberValidator
sfEmailValidator
sfUrlValidator
sfRegexValidator
sfCompareValidator
sfPropelUniqueValidator
sfDoctrineUniqueValidator
sfFileValidator
sfCallbackValidator
sfDateValidator
Each has a default set of parameters and error messages, but you can easily
override them through the
initialize() validator method or in the YAML file.
The following sections describe the validators and show usage examples.
String Validator
sfStringValidator allows you to apply string-related constraints to a parameter.
sfStringValidator: values: [foo, bar] values_error: The only accepted values are foo and bar insensitive: false # If true, comparison with values is case insensitive min: 2 min_error: Please enter at least 2 characters max: 100 max_error: Please enter less than 100 characters
Number Validator
sfNumberValidator verifies if a parameter is a number and allows you to apply size constraints.
sfNumberValidator: nan_error: Please enter an integer min: 0 min_error: The value must be at least zero max: 100 max_error: The value must be less than or equal to 100
sfEmailValidator verifies if a parameter contains a value that qualifies as an e-mail address.
sfEmailValidator: strict: true email_error: This email address is invalid
RFC822 defines the format of e-mail addresses. However, it is more permissive than the generally accepted format. For instance,
[email protected] is a valid e-mail address according to the RFC, but you probably don't want to accept it. When the
strict parameter is set to
true (its default value), only e-mail addresses matching the pattern
false, RFC822 is used as a rule.
URL Validator
sfUrlValidator checks if a field is a correct URL.
sfUrlValidator: url_error: This URL is invalid
Regular Expression Validator
sfRegexValidator allows you to match a value against a Perl-compatible regular expression pattern.
sfRegexValidator: match: No match_error: Posts containing more than one URL are considered as spam pattern: /http.*http/si
The
match parameter determines if the request parameter must match the pattern to be valid (value
Yes) or match the pattern to be invalid (value
No).
Compare Validator
sfCompareValidator checks the equality of two different request parameters. It is very useful for password checks.
fields: password1: required: msg: Please enter a password password2: required: msg: Please retype the password sfCompareValidator: check: password1 compare_error: The two passwords do not match
The
check parameter contains the name of the field that the current field
must match to be valid.
Propel/Doctrine Unique Validators
sfPropelUniqueValidator validates that the value of a request parameter
doesn't already exist in your database. It is very useful for unique indexes.
fields: nickname: sfPropelUniqueValidator: class: User column: login unique_error: This login already exists. Please choose another one.
In this example, the validator will look in the database for a record of class
User where the
login column has the same value as the field to validate.
caution
sfPropelUniqueValidator is susceptible to race conditions. Although unlikely, in multiuser environments, the result may change the instant it returns. You should still be ready to handle a duplicate INSERT error.
NOTE
If you have enabled the Doctrine ORM for your project, you can also use the
sfDoctrineUniqueValidator in the same way as described above for Propel.
File Validator
sfFileValidator applies format (an array of mime-types) and size constraints to file upload fields.
fields: image: file: True required: msg: Please upload an image file sfFileValidator: mime_types: - 'image/jpeg' - 'image/png' - 'image/x-png' - 'image/pjpeg' mime_types_error: Only PNG and JPEG images are allowed max_size: 512000 max_size_error: Max size is 512Kb
Be aware that the
file attribute must be set to
True for the field, and the template must declare the form as multipart.
Callback Validator
sfCallbackValidator delegates the validation to a third-party callable method or function to do the validation. The callable method or function must return
true or
false.
fields: account_number: sfCallbackValidator: callback: is_numeric invalid_error: Please enter a number. credit_card_number: sfCallbackValidator: callback: [myTools, validateCreditCard] invalid_error: Please enter a valid credit card number.
The callback method or function receives the value to be validated as a first parameter. This is very useful when you want to reuse existing methods of functions, rather than create a full validator class.
Date Validator
sfDateValidator checks that a submitted date is valid and/or within a certain
simple range
sfDateValidator: date_error: You have entered an invalid date compare: "2007-05-01" operator: ">=" #defaults to "==" if not supplied compare_error: "Enter a date later than 1st May 2007"
tip
You can also write your own validators, as described in the "Creating a Custom Validator" section later in this chapter.
Named Validators
If you see that you need to repeat a validator class and its settings, you can package it under a named validator. In the example of the contact form, the email field needs the same sfStringValidator parameters as the
name field. So you can create a
myStringValidator named validator to avoid repeating the same settings twice. To do so, add a
myStringValidator label under the
validators: header, and set the
class and
param keys with the details of the named validator you want to package. You can then use the named validator just like a regular one in the
fields section, as shown in Listing 10-28.
Listing 10-28 - Reusing Named Validators in a Validation File, in
validate/send.yml
Restricting the Validation to a Method
By default, the validators set in a validation file are run when the action is called with the POST method. You can override this setting globally or field by field by specifying another value in the
methods key, to allow a different validation for different methods, as shown in Listing 10-29.
Listing 10-29 - Defining When to Test a Field, in
validate/send.yml
methods: [post] # This is the default setting fields: name: required: msg: The name field cannot be left blank myStringValidator: email: methods: [post, get] # Overrides the global methods settings required: msg: The email field cannot be left blank myStringValidator: sfEmailValidator: email_error: This email address is invalid
What Does a Validation File Look Like?
So far, you have seen only bits and pieces of a validation file. When you put everything together, the validation rules find a clear translation in YAML. Listing 10-30 shows the complete validation file for the sample contact form, corresponding to all the rules defined earlier in the chapter.
Listing 10-30 - Sample Complete Validation File
fillin: enabled: true age: sfNumberValidator: nan_error: Please enter an integer min: 0 min_error: "You're not even born. How do you want to send a message?" max: 120 max_error: "Hey, grandma, aren't you too old to surf on the Internet?" message: required: msg: The message field cannot be left blank
Complex Validation
The validation file satisfies most needs, but when the validation is very complex, it might not be sufficient. In this case, you can still return to the
validateXXX() method in the action, or find the solution to your problem in the following sections.
Creating a Custom Validator
Each validator is a class that extends the
sfValidator class. If the validator classes shipped with symfony are not suitable for your needs, you can easily create a new one, in any of the
lib/ directories where it can be autoloaded. The syntax is quite simple: The
execute() method of the validator is called when the validator is executed. You can also define default settings in the
initialize() method.
The
execute() method receives the value to validate as the first parameter and the error message to throw as the second parameter. Both are passed as references, so you can modify the error message from within the method.
The
initialize() method receives the context singleton and the array of parameters from the YAML file. It must first call the
initialize() method of its parent
sfValidator class, and then set the default values.
Every validator has a parameter holder accessible by
$this->getParameterHolder().
For instance, if you want to build an
sfSpamValidator to check if a string is not spam, add the code shown in Listing 10-31 to an
sfSpamValidator.class.php file. It checks if the
$value contains more than
max_url times the string
'http'.
Listing 10-31 - Creating a Custom Validator, in
lib/sfSpamValidator.class.php
class sfSpamValidator extends sfValidator { public function execute (&$value, &$error) { // For max_url=2, the regexp is /http.*http/is $re = '/'.implode('.*', array_fill(0, $this->getParameter('max_url') + 1, 'http')).'/is'; if (preg_match($re, $value)) { $error = $this->getParameter('spam_error'); return false; } return true; } public function initialize ($context, $parameters = null) { // Initialize parent parent::initialize($context); // Set default parameters value $this->setParameter('max_url', 2); $this->setParameter('spam_error', 'This is spam'); // Set parameters $this->getParameterHolder()->add($parameters); return true; } }
As soon as the validator is added to an autoloadable directory (and the cache cleared), you can use it in your validation files, as shown in Listing 10-32.
Listing 10-32 - Using a Custom Validator, in
validate/send.yml
fields: message: required: msg: The message field cannot be left blank sfSpamValidator: max_url: 3 spam_error: Leave this site immediately, you filthy spammer!
Using Array Syntax for Form Fields
PHP allows you to use an array syntax for the form fields. When writing your own forms, or when using the ones generated by the Propel administration (see Chapter 14), you may end up with HTML code that looks like Listing 10-33.
Listing 10-33 - Form with Array Syntax
<label for="story_title">Title:</label> <input type="text" name="story[title]" id="story_title" value="default value" size="45" />
Using the input name as is (with brackets) in a validation file will throw a parsed-induced error. The solution here is to replace square brackets
[] with curly brackets
{} in the
fields section, as shown in Listing 10-34, and symfony will take care of the conversion of the names sent to the validators afterwards.
Listing 10-34 - Validation File for a Form with Array Syntax
fields: story{title}: required: Yes
Executing a Validator on an Empty Field
You may need to execute a validator on a field that is not required, on an empty value. For instance, this happens with a form where the user can change their password (but may not want to), and in this case, a confirmation password must be entered. See the example in Listing 10-35.
Listing 10-35 - Sample Validation File for a Form with Two Password Fields
fields: password1: password2: sfCompareValidator: check: password1 compare_error: The two passwords do not match
The validation process executes as follows:
If
password1
== nulland
password2 == null:
- The
requiredtest passes.
- Validators are not run.
- The form is valid.
If
password2 == nullwhile
password1is not
null:
- The
requiredtest passes.
- Validators are not run.
- The form is valid.
You may want to execute your
password2 validator if
password1 is
not null. Fortunately, the symfony validators handle this case, thanks to the
group parameter. When a field is in a group, its validator will execute if it is not empty and if one of the fields of the same group is not empty.
So, if you change the configuration to that shown in Listing 10-36, the validation process behaves correctly.
Listing 10-36 - Sample Validation File for a Form with Two Password Fields and a Group
fields: password1: group: password_group password2: group: password_group sfCompareValidator: check: password1 compare_error: The two passwords do not match
The validation process now executes as follows:
If
password1 == nulland
password2 == null:
- The
requiredtest passes.
- Validators are not run.
- The form is valid.
If
password1 == nulland
password2 == 'foo':
- The
requiredtest passes.
password2is
not null, so its validator is executed, and it fails.
- An error message is thrown for
password2.
If
password1 == 'foo'and
password2 == null:
- The
requiredtest passes.
password1is
not null, so the validator for
password2, which is in the same group, is executed, and it fails.
- An error message is thrown for
password2.
If
password1 == 'foo'and
password2 == 'foo':
- The
requiredtest passes.
password2is
not null, so its validator is executed, and it passes.
- The form is valid.
Summary
Writing forms in symfony templates is facilitated by the standard form helpers and their smart options. When you design a form to edit the properties of an object, the object form helpers simplify the task a great deal. The validation files, validation helpers, and repopulation feature reduce the work necessary to build a robust and user-friendly server control on the value of a field. And even the most complex validation needs can be handled, either by writing a custom validator or by creating a
validateXXX() method in the action class.Mercury Free Baby.org Disclaimer:
disclaimer document
The information provided on this website and in our support.David Glasser wrote:
> On Nov 16, 2007 6:47 PM, David Glasser <glasser@davidglasser.net> wrote:
>> The node-origin-in-sqlite code is now on trunk and used by FSFS. The
>> cache is only populated on a miss; it should be straightforward to
>> also populate it after a commit. (Specifically, during
>> svn_fs_fs__commit *after* the write lock is released.)
You are a rock star. And my current fave at that.
>> Just one question: is it OK to build up a hash in memory mapping new
>> node IDs to noderev IDs, or does that violate the "don't keep
>> arbitrarily large things in memory" rule? I think it should be OK
>> because every new node ID has a changed-path entry, so the size of
>> this hash would be no bigger than the size of a revision's
>> changed-paths hash, and we keep those around in memory all the time.
No bigger than? This will arguably be much smaller than the corresponding
changed_paths hash. In the spirit of consistent less-than-idealism, +1 to
commit. :-)
--
C. Michael Pilato <cmpilato@collab.net>
CollabNet <> <> Distributed Development On Demand
This is an archived mail posted to the Subversion Dev
mailing list.If you are trying to boost your client base then it is extremely important to be using photographs to your advantage. And do you know that the key to boosting your client base and product marketing plan is not writing the perfect content? These days, it is all about images.
Yes, your audience wants to know all about your products. But you need to find a way to communicate it without forcing them to read long descriptions. Still not convinced why commercial product photography should rank high on your budget’s list?
Here are the proofs of how valuable commercial product photography can be.
CAPTURE YOUR CUSTOMERS MOOD
You cannot take your potential customers to a Halloween site and show them how scary and comfortable their props and masks are. You can convey this feeling through the pictures majorly. Hence, it makes sense to make them understand that your product is the ultimate solution for all the issues they may have. This gesture can be greatly conveyed through quality and worthy images. Perfectly clicked and useful product images draw attention with nanoseconds. This increases tremendously the chances of high sales.
PROMOTES SILENT COMMUNICATION
We all know images speak louder than words. This fact still stands strong and tall when it comes to businesses and endorsing the brands. People browsing various online platforms have limited time and patience to read all the texts and product descriptions. In this case, you only need to mention: available product sizes, colors, and features that are up for sale.
KEEP COMPETITORS AWAY
You might feel that your product is 100% unique, but it may not be a 100% fact. There are millions of products globally, that might have the same features as yours does. The trick here is to talk with your images. Show that all your products are way more attuned to detail and better than your competitors’, by using high-quality product images.
BUILDS BRAND
A photograph is a long-term solution to get your company recognized as a market leader. Displaying brand, quality product images consistently over months, can convey your brand as:
- Innovative
- Diverse
- Quality
- Professional
- Valued
It conveys your customers that your brand truly cares for their preferences and it is humble enough to cater to them all.
SETS RIGHT EXPECTATIONS
Almost 22% of products sold online are returned as the items look different than the pictures displayed. So convincing people to buy items offline is comparatively easier than doing so online.
So it is always advisable to display the pictures of the item as they are instead of adding any effects or filters. Set your customer expectations about what they are looking at right.
Another significant setter would be the number of days within which you can entertain product returns. People who make an impulsive purchase decision exit too! They are aware of and rely upon the fact that any products brought online can be returned if felt unsatisfied with it.
It’s good to run a considerate online business but not at the cost of your added expenses. Setting customer expectations right by implanting a limited return policy is healthy and profitable.
Bottom Line
There are several ways to boost your product sales by making optimum usage of the tool named – PHOTOGRAPHY! Businesses flourishing online must leverage this tool to the fullest to influence the audiences to purchase the product.
For great quality commercial photographs, contact Rainstar Photography at +65 9191-6255.
Recent CommentsKavya name astrology,capricorn horoscope numbers,libra horoscope career monthly 2012,scorpio horoscope for 2012 free - Test Out
01.07.2014Noted Malayalam actress Manju Warrier has decided to call off her her 15-year long marriage with Dileep, who has been one of the leading heroes in Mollywood along with the likes of Mohanlal and Mammootty for the past many years. The 36-year old Nagercoil-born actress married Dileep when she was at the height of her popularity in films in 1998. A perfect alternative to starting your own website and bearing the cost of maintenance and other expenses. Enter About Your BusinessKavya Creations is Mumbai's leading Gifting and Packaging Solutions, with over 10 years of experience in the Industry.
About Me Kavya Creations is Mumbai's leading Gifting and Packaging Solutions, with over 10 years of experience in the Industry.
Now it said that on Dileep’s insistence that Manju shouldn’t be acting in films is the main reason for the split. Now, we hear that the actress has dropped her married name and has gone back to her maiden name ‘Manju Warrrier’. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Fueled by Vidhi Maheshwari's designs, Kavya Creations has a renowned brand in the wedding industry. Manju, who continued to act even after her marriage to Dileep, has won many Filmfare awards and Kerala State awards for ‘best actress’.
Manju has, of late, started performing dances at public events as well as taking up assignments to star in films. The actress has given a name change ad in a regional newspaper, declaring that Manju Gopalakrishnan from Cochin changes her name to Manju Warrier and transfers address to Thrissur. It is an honour that our breakthrough designs are consistently copied by various up and coming gifting companies.
Categories: Numerology Calculator Name And Date Of BirthIntroducing new Mizu owner – Michiko Marunishi
After 16 years, in April 2021, the restaurant said good-bye to Hiromi and Chaki, and welcomed the new Mizu team onboard, including Akio Hosokawa, of Hosokawa Ascot Restaurant fame.
Hosokawa-san brings to Mizu over 30 years of Japanese cooking experience, and looks forward to introducing new menu items (including his famous Chrirashi Sushi (opposite) in the near future.
Some old Mizu favourites will be retained, and some new elements of Japanese cuisine will be introduced over the next few months.
Watch this space!
Lunch Special
Chirashi Sushi
Due to popular demand, Mizu is offering Hosokawa-san’s famous Chirashizushi – “scattered sushi”- as a lunch special. witness a rumble between rival cults. Which imaginary sky fairy is the One True God?
Yesterday church was the usual crashing bore. It was my turn to read the appointed passage from our Canonical Mythology. From Isaiah, the passage about how the vineyard owner wasn't getting the kinda grapes he thought he had planted. Then Father B preached the sermon in 15 minutes and 22 seconds.
And the afternoon's quest took me to Lowe's which didn't have batteries for my key ring flashlight but they had a new key ring flashlight, batteries and all, for less than what the batteries alone woulda cost. So now I'm beginning to amass a pile of cheap junk key ring flashlights with dead batteries.
And so today's quest is gonna be to just sit back and enjoy today because tomorrow's gonna get boiling hot again.
Happy Monday!
OrneryPest
Signs of lifeon distant planetsbeyond DiaryLand
Pam's House Blend
Philosophy Talk
Bad Astronomy
Black Sun Journal
Jim's Journal
The Intersection
The New Colonist
Skepchick
Autumn LeavesEstimated Mortgage: $1,927/month . Go to mortgage calculator Estimated monthly payment does not include amounts for taxes, insurance premiums and home upgrades.
Call 888-451-1948 to connect with the builder right now!
Request a Tour Today!
888-451-1948 Indigo Bend! Build a brand-new Visionary home in this priceless location, perfect for all of life’s adventures. Enjoy quick access to trails, ski resorts, reservoirs, and the Great Salt Lake. But you won’t have to sacrifice the daily necessities. With close by schools and shopping, Visionary Home’s at Indigo Bend has got you covered.
3050 N 1600 E
Layton, UT 84040
11Photos
Now Building
3100 North 1625 East (Indigo Bend Townhomes)
Layton, UT 84040
from $429,900
Match!
Visionary Homes features these quality brands in their new homes. Click a logo to see more!
Schools Near Indigo Bend
Actual schools may vary. Contact the builder for more information.
Local Points ofBy using tdwi.org website you agree to our use of cookies as described in our cookie policy.
Learn More
Available On-Demand - This webinar has been recorded and is now available for download.
Today, many organizations are coming to the realization that their current data and analytics environment does not meet their business needs, including managing and analyzing massive amounts of diverse data to gain a competitive advantage. Their on-premises data warehouse, traditional ETL tools, and desktop BI are not sufficient to govern and utilize newer data types, volume, and frequency, let alone the growing needs of non-technical users.
At TDWI, we see companies moving all parts of their analytics infrastructure—from traditional on-premises data warehouses to desktop analytics tools—to a cloud architecture. The pillars of a modern data and analytics stack include the cloud data platform, modern data pipeline tools, and a modern cloud analytics platform. The modern analytics platform often utilizes augmented technology such as natural language query to deliver real-time insights specifically for business users. All of these components are tightly integrated.
Join TDWI’s VP of Research, Fern Halper, as she hosts a lively panel discussion with team members from Fivetran, Snowflake, and ThoughtSpot on the topic of the truly modern data and analytics cloud stack.
Discussion areas include:
Guest Speakers
Lisa Aguilar
Director of Product Marketing, GTM
ThoughtSpot
Lisa Aguilar is responsible for helping to shape the go-to-market messaging and strategies at ThoughtSpot. Prior to ThoughtSpot, Lisa was at DataRobot, the leader in automated enterprise AI and Machine Learning; and at Alteryx, the leader in analytics process automation. While at DataRobot, Lisa was responsible for building and executing the go-to-market strategy for their AI-driven forecasting product line. At Alteryx, Lisa was responsible for helping to launch their end-to-end analytics platform.
Jena Donlin
Sr Product Marketing Manager
Snowflake
Jena Donlin is a senior product marketing manager at Snowflake where she focuses on the data warehouse workload. Previously, she led product marketing at Braze, the leading customer engagement platform. With a degree in professional writing from Michigan State University, Jena has followed a passion to understand how software facilitates collaboration and the generation of new ideas and experiences. When not in the office, you can often find her exploring her favorite park, Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, CA.
Dayna Shoemaker
Sr Product Marketing Manager
Fivetran
Dayna Shoemaker is a Sr Product Marketer at Fivetran, the leading provider of automated data integration. She has experience fostering great product-market fit through product messaging, positioning, and go-to-market strategies that yield industry leading products.
Leading up to Fivetran, Dayna has spent her entire career in tech working in digital transformation, cybersecurity, and data integration.
Dayna has a MA from the University of St Andrews (Scotland) and MSc from the Alliance Business School, University of Manchester (England).
Sponsored by
Fivetran, Snowflake, ThoughtSpot
Your e-mail address is used to communicate with you about your registration, related products and services, and offers from select vendors. Refer to our Privacy Policy for additional information.
Individual, Student, and Team memberships available.
Join TodaySmart PSD mockup file to make 3d Case design preview for Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Template designed for 3d Heat Transfer Sublimation printed cases. Fully editable and easy to change any color or design by simply copy/paste in the smart layer.
*We will update this template with new available phone colours once its officially launched.
1 PSD file(s)
High quality 2200×2200 pixels
Multiple device colors
Choice on Gloss/Matte finish
Option on top and front shadowsSPOTLESS Commercial Cleaning is Montgomery County’s premier commercial cleaning provider. Spotless is not an ordinary office cleaning company nor do we try to be. At Spotless, we have the working professionals in mind. By working with only corporate and professional offices, we understand the needs of each and know what it takes to be successful in every environment. Spotless Commercial Cleaning was started by professionals for professionals. All of our employees have experience in both commercial cleaning and the corporate world. It has always been said that you don’t know someone until you’ve walked in their shoes…we have. We know what is expected of our cleaning company and constantly strive to exceed your expectations.
What makes us different:
Most cleaning companies start their business and introduce it to the marketplace right away. We at Spotless spent over 6 months conducting market research and we spoke with 100′s of companies in the Delaware Valley regarding their office cleaning.
Here is what we found out:
- Most are dissatisfied with the quality of their current cleaning provider
- Sometimes the cleaning was not being done at all!
- A different cleaning person every time
We at Spotless Commercial Cleaning have addressed all of these areas. So you can feel confident your business is being cleaned correctly, the first time. We perform full back ground checks on our employees and hire veterans whenever possible. Most are full time working professionals and clean part-time. A large majority have a college degree and live in the local area. They know how an office should look after cleaning since they have had exposure to office settings.
* We are fully bonded & insured. *Top 20 Best Selling Washing Machines & Tumble Dryers (2021)
Washing machines are huge time savers because you will not waste time monitoring the washing process. You can load your clothes, begin the cycle and do other things as the machine does the washing for you. The effort that is required to wash clothes is eliminated when you opt for washing machines. Instead of having to wash stains physically, you can pre-treat and then let the machine to everything for you.
Washing machines do not damage clothing because they have various cycles that will protect your attire during washing. After your fine washables have been cleaned using a washing machine, you can use a tumble dryer to dry them. The advantage of using good tumble dryers is that the machine will not overheat the load and the stability of your garments will not get broken down.
Depending on your budget and needs, you might want to be specific with the type of dryer that comes with the washing machine. There are mainly 2 kinds of tumble dryers – namely vented dryers and spin dryers.Explore CAAMA
CAAMA Filter
Click filter name to remove
- Clear All
- National Museum of African American History and Culture only
- topic: "Business"
- place: "Pennsylvania"
- place: "North and Central America"
- topic: "Cvil Rights"
- name:"King, Martin Luther"
- unit-code: ("NMAAHC")
- set-name: "Media Arts-Photography"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Film and Video"
- online-visual-material: true
- topic: "Civil rights"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Audio Recordings"This keyless remote programming instruction works on this remote with part # 56021903AA, 04686366AA, 4686076, 56008761, 56008762, 05014736AA and FCC id GQ43VT7T, GQ43VT9T
1. Turn ignition to RUN, don’t start the engine. And wait for chimes to stop.
2. Using any existing (working) remote, press the UNLOCK button for 4 to 10 seconds.
2. Using any existing (working) remote, press the UNLOCK button for 4 to 10 seconds.
3. Within that 4 to 10 seconds, continue pressing the UNLOCK button then press the PANIC button for 1 second and release both buttons. A chime will sound to indicate that you’re in programming mode. Leave the chime for 3 seconds.
4. Within 30 seconds press any button on all remotes to be programmed including previously programmed remotes. A chime sounds after each remote is programmed.
5. Turn OFF the ignition.
5. Turn OFF the ignition.One of my favourite games available! I really like this game. John the talking Labrador retriever is a loyal and funny companion. It is funny and I like to play with John the talking dog. I recommend this game for dog lovers everywhere. Enjoy it!
Undead Clash: Zombie Games 3D
21.87 MB
BIODESIGN CONNECT
25.21 MB
Toca Boca Life World Hints
13MB
cat paradise tips
8.96 MB
شبكه جهاني نور
2.75 MB
Dress: games for girls Offline
57MB
VPN Service
6.11 MB
Scary Poppy Playtime Huggy Wuggy Horror
74.26 MB
App market for 100%working mods.
Accelerated for downloading big mod files.
What is HappyMod?How does it work?If you’re looking for an opportunity, or you’re an employer wanting to add to your team, Manpower can help. As the leading staffing agency in Alberta, we have decades of experience connecting employees and employers through collaborative efforts and extensive research. Whether you’re looking for something temporary or part-time, or if you are seeking full-time employment, we can connect you with an opportunity that fits your needs and lifestyle. We are a recruitment agency dedicated to helping our clients in whatever capacity they need. When you create a profile on our website, you’ll be able to search for the latest job opportunities, and we’ll be able to determine if your qualifications are a match for one of the many companies that contract with us. We can even help you apply online. At Manpower, we are all about people. Our community of helpful individuals is committed to helping others with our knowledge, experience and innovative spirits.Curated via Twitter from Gizmodo’s twitter account….
You can see them there in 2015 and now gone in 2020. .
In 2017, a team published a paper suggesting that the ice caps would be gone in the next five years due to rapidly warming temperatures in the Arctic.
Patrick Bay ice caps were truly tiny: In 1959, the largest one was merely 2. 9 square miles, and the smaller one was only 1. 1 square miles.
Link to original article….
A pair of Canadian ice caps has disappeared completely pic.twitter.com/iITC9ZE17L— Gizmodo (@Gizmodo) August 3, 2020Traineeships
You look for your internship place, we support you.
Your active search and application for an internship position shows your high motivation for the internship and prepares you for your later job search. Good luck and success!
You will find many internship offers and helpful links here.
However, you can also look for your internship place in other ways (e.g. internet, faculty, acquaintances, placement company) and still receive the ERASMUS grant! Please first consider which target countries, which fields of activity and which type of institution interest you and then search specifically. Apply on your own initiative, i.e. to institutions that interest you even if they have not advertised an internship position.Volkswagen’s buyback offer to owners of cheating diesel vehicles is a generous one, including…Read more
After I showed pictures of hundreds of VWs just rotting in the Pontiac Silverdome parking lot awaiting a verdict from CARB and the EPA on whether they’ll live to drive another day, people naturally wondered if scrapping all of these cars was really an environmentally-friendly thing to do.
After all, it takes energy to recycle an old car, and more importantly, it takes energy to manufacture a replacement—plus you have to calculate the effects of scrapping all that metal. And even if they were way high on NOx emissions, these TDIs were known to score 50+ MPG.
How can crushing them be better for the environment?
To answer whether or not it would make more sense to just keep the VWs on the road versus recycle them would require a full life cycle study by the Environmental Protection Agency or the California Air Resources Board to determine the net CO2 imbalance (CO2 is associated with climate change) caused by prematurely decommissioning all the vehicles, and then weighing that against NOx (which is associated with smog and adverse health effects. More on that in a bit.)
Such life cycle studies have been done before, and you’ll find quite a few of them covering the U.S. Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save (CARS) Act of 2009, also known as Cash For Clunkers. These studies, which deal primarily with CO2 emissions, dig into whether killing off all the guzzlers (which may still have had some life in them) and making owners buy newer, more efficient cars, was actually an environmental benefit or a detriment.
(It’s worth noting that most studies seem to conclude that Cash For Clunkers was actually beneficial thanks to the large gap in MPGs between the cars turned in and those purchased.)
The question is: In the Dieselgate settlement, did the EPA conduct such a life cycle study before deciding upon a solution that could send nearly half a million vehicles to the junkyard?
I reached out to the EPA and Volkswagen asking that very question, and both sources directed me to the California Air Resources Board. Eventually, I got a hold of somebody at CARB, and learned that the answer is no: nobody had conducted a Life Cycle Study on these vehicles.
Before I continue, I’ll briefly discuss the difference between CO2 and NOx. CO2 is a greenhouse gas, while NOx leads to the formation of criteria pollutants like O3 and particulate matter. CO2 has detrimental effects on climate change, while NOx is better known to cause smog and health concerns like asthma.
The issue with VW’s TDI vehicles, CARB representative Stanley Young told me over email, is that they emitted extralegal amounts of NOx, which brings along associated local health concerns—health concerns that MIT has estimated could cause 1,200 people in Europe to die early.
Young emphasized that with the VW settlement, the goal was to get the cars off the road to prevent the health issues associated with NOx, and also to remedy the fact that consumers had been lied to, saying:
Because the cars are equipped with defeat devices they emit up to 40x more NOx than the standards to which they were certified. The impacts of NOx to public health are significant, and need to be dealt with appropriately. At the same time consumers were sold a car that did not perform as advertised, and this needed to be dealt with appropriately as well.
This latter point was reiterated by Elizabeth Cabraser, lead counsel of the Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, who told me in a teleconference:
As class counsel, we not only have to strike the balance in terms of environment versus economy, but the economic interests and environmental concerns of our class members, the owners. We’re consumerists, that’s how we look at it.
So clearly the main focus in drawing up the VW Dieselgate settlement was on preventing health issues and on getting owners compensated for VW’s lies—not necessarily climate change associated with CO2.
That makes a lot of sense. But still, there could be a half a million cars sent to the crusher—you’d think an environmental agency would have run some numbers on the carbon impact as well.
The reason why the settlement didn’t determine the carbon imbalance associated with taking the cars off the road before the end of their useful life, CARB’s Stanley Young told me over the phone a few months ago, is that there’s no accepted methodology for such life cycles studies.
Young said there’s no way of knowing how far you’d take the study. Do you go through every piece of plastic? How do you determine the Greenhouse Gas intensity of screws? What about the carbon intensity of creating the motor? Do you include what happens to it at the end of life? These are all big question marks, Young told me.
After I pointed out that a number of academic institutions had already published life cycle studies the like aforementioned Cash For Clunkers reports, I questioned whether it would have been prudent to at least look into the CO2 ramifications of junking so many cars. Mr. Young told me there’s nothing that can be done now, saying something to the effect of:
Do you want me to go back and tell the federal agency and VW in California to redo the consent decree to [consider] the carbon life cycle in the car cars that are going be scrapped?
He then admitted that it would be productive and worthwhile to develop metrics for such studies so they can be used in the future, but that “until there is an accepted metric and protocol for determining the carbon impact of creating a specific car for a specific model year... then it is in a sense not productive to engage in that discussion.”
For her part, Cabraser, the plaintiffs’ attorney in the settlement case, said something similar about the complexity involved with such an undertaking:
I think various individuals and groups have studied parts of the problem...It’s a complex question...I don’t think it’s possible to answer that question, but I am not an environmental economist.
So clearly the lack of a standardized process played a part in not running a lifecycle study to figure out the effects of crushing the cars on climate change, as did a focus on local health effects of NOx. Expediency also played a role, as the court worked hard to get these vehicles off the road as quickly as possible to prevent further NOx pollution, and to ensure that consumers are promptly compensated.
A number of overseas markets are flooded with vehicles that pollute a lot worse than Volkswagen’s TDIs. Displacing a single old-school diesel vehicle in a developing country, for example, with a modern direct injected, turbo Volkswagen TDI would—you would think—be a major advantage from an environmental standpoint.
But, as Ms. Cabraser answered in our Q&A with the head Dieselgate lawyer, VW selling their cars overseas was not an option considered:
VW can only sell these cars overseas if they receive an EPA and CARB approved modification or repair. It was important to us, the EPA and CARB that VW not have overseas markets as an escape from being accountable under US emissions standards for the cars they originally sold here. It was also very important to many class members that the world environment as well as our own be protected from these emissions to the extent practical.
It seems that punishing VW, and making a statement that what they did is unacceptable by preventing international sale of the vehicles were the two primary reasons for this decision, even if there could theoretically be a net environmental benefit of sending the cars overseas.
So to everyone wondering if scrapping the cars is actually better for the environment than keeping the cars on the road, the answer is: nobody really ran the numbers, and it’s complicated. But that doesn’t mean the EPA, CARB and the Plaintiff’s Steering Committee didn’t at least consider this as a factor when drawing up the settlement terms.
In fact, in my conversation with Cabraser, she said her team “did what [they] could in the settlement to temper all of those [environmental] ramifications,” and in our Q&A she said they “always have the net environmental impact in mind and it is a delicate balance.” For example, the cars can’t just be scrapped, they have to be recycled in an environmentally responsible way in a process that will be overseen by the EPA and California Air Resources Board.
Cabraser then went on, discussing how both the 2.0-liter and 3.0-liter settlements give VW the option to bring the vehicles’ NOx pollution down to levels that are higher than what the cars were originally certified to, but still much lower than current levels.
While this was undoubtedly done primarily to allow owners to keep their cars (again, Elizabeth and her team are “consumerists”), this modification option has a secondary benefit of preventing cars from being recycled before the end of their useful lives, avoiding the associated CO2 costs.
CARB’s Young said essentially the same thing:
...while we didn’t do a lifecycle assessment, the agreement does consider it in a way – because we allow an emissions modification if the company can meet the requirements in the agreement...The modification helps ensure we get useful life out of the vehicles while addressing the illegal NOx emissions.
On top of the modification option (it’s worth noting that only 2015 model VWs have had their modification approved, while the remaining approximately 500,000 cars could still be headed to the junykard), there are also environmental mitigation actions built into the settlement.
Volkswagen has to pay $2.7 billion to “fully mitigate the total, lifetime excess NOx emissions from the 2.0 Liter Subject Vehicles where the 2.0 Liter Subject Vehicles were, are or will be operated” in the form of a mitigation trust. The trust will disperse money to certain areas (dependent upon the concentration of VW TDIs) to fund certain NOx mitigation actions.
Those actions include retrofitting over-the-road trucks and buses with “any new diesel or Alternate Fueled engine or All-Electric engine,” or just replacing those vehicles with “any new diesel or Alternate Fueled or All-Electric vehicle.”
On top of that, VW has to spend $2 billion promoting zero emissions vehicle awareness and infrastructure. Between these two environmental commitments, Volkswagen may very well make up for the carbon pollution associated with scrapping all those cars.
The thing that makes recycling 500,000 VWs even worse for the environment than the costs of manufacturing a replacement is the the fact that these cars will likely be replaced by less fuel efficient cars.
Deepak Rajagopal, professor at the institute of the environment and sustainability at UCLA and author of multiple life-cycle studies, told me that manufacturing a new car only accounts for about 5 percent of all carbon emissions, while the rest comes from the fuel needed to drive the car (the end-of-life recycling part is actually quite efficient).
Since TDIs are known to score over 50 MPG, the real detriment to climate change, then, is consumers who will sell their fuel efficient car back to VW and replace it with one that burns more fuel, and thus emits more CO2.
This is a real issue—my inbox is regularly flooded with emails from owners who honestly don’t know what new vehicle could possibly replace their trusty fuel-sipping TDI.
Of course, for all we know, all Dieselgate class members will buy Priuses. But I doubt it. As for scrapping cars, Rajagopal told me that part of the equation, in the grand scheme, is minuscule, and that the impact of NOx is likely much more important.
Yes, half a million scrapped cars is a shocking thing to picture. And yes, there will be pollution emitted when automakers build replacements—ones that that will likely emit more CO2 from their tailpipes than the fuel-sipping TDIs. And while it’s tempting to criticize the fact that a life cycle study was not completed to really dig into a carbon imbalance associated with junking these cars, there are a number of reasons why the settlement still makes a lot of sense.
Not only does it require VW to spend $2.7 billion and $2.0 billion on NOx mitigation and Zero Electric Vehicle promotion, respectively—both of which could also mitigate CO2 caused by scrapping the vehicles—but there’s a modification option still on the table to keep the cars on the road.
Add to that the fact that we don’t know what vehicles the TDI owners will replace their cars with, and it becomes clear that even running a life cycle study to calculate the true CO2 imbalance would be damn near impossible.
Even if you could, how would you weigh NOx against CO2? If you kept the cars on the road to reduce CO2 pollution, but the trade-off was the health issues associated with NOx, would that be acceptable? That’s a debate that’s been around forever.
As lead counsel for the Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee Elizabeth Cabraser put it in our 3.0-liter settlement conference call: “...the best of all possible worlds has different answers depending on perspective.”
DISCUSSION
One make racing series.Wishing all of us an awesome 2017.
Wishing all of us an awesome 2017.
Charles is Founder of kopiandproperty.com He writes from his investment experience for the the past 20 years in investments including property, stock, unit trust and more as well as readings and conversations with many property gurus in the industry. kopiandproperty.com is an independent property blog which is not affiliated to any media company, property developer or even real estate agencies.
0 Responses
Gong Xi FA Cai. Please take a rest. You deserve it. Thanks for all the sharing.
Fred, Huat Ar!!
Happy Chinese New Year! May kopiandproperty reach another height this year! Huat ar!!
Wow. Thanks Hui Yi. We shall latte more often yeah. 🙂You know it’s time to go back to school when you can no longer sleep in on Saturdays. But before we get too excited about starting a new semester, there are some important things to consider. One of the most important is how heavy your bag will be by day’s end. A good rule of thumb is that if you’re carrying more than 10 pounds, then you’re doing something wrong! It doesn’t take a genius or an engineer to figure out that this kind of weight will put a lot of stress and strain on your body and not just your neck and shoulders but also your lower back, hips, knees, and feet as well. You don’t want any part of your body getting sore before the first day even gets here.
The fact is that most backpacks are designed without giving proper consideration to the anatomy of your body. In many cases, they simply throw a bunch of straps and cushions onto an ordinary backpack frame. This isn’t good for your back in the long run, especially if you’re walking around with 10 pounds or more on your back. And yet, many students are forced to walk around in this kind of pain for years without knowing how to stop it. To ensure that your back will stay healthy and strong, you need an Ergonomic School Bag in Singapore that is designed specifically for your body.
Make Sure You Choose a Bag that is High-Quality with Plenty of Support for Your Back
Choosing the perfect ergonomic School Bag in Singapore can be tricky and it’s important to think about what kind of materials are best for your back. For example, leather bags with a lot of padding are great because they will protect your spine while also being lightweight at the same time. Others may want a style that offers plenty of space and is lightweight to carry around all day. Whatever you choose, make sure it has plenty of support so that carrying that heavy bag doesn’t end up hurting your back or spine!
Why it’s better to Invest in an Ergonomic Backpack
A high-quality, ergonomic backpack will help reduce any pain that comes from carrying heavy books and supplies all day. When you invest in a stylish ergonomic backpack that is designed to offer the right amount of support for your back, you’ll find that even the heaviest load will be easier to carry. Whether you need a large bag for all of your heavy textbooks or a light design for your laptop and pencil case, there’s a style that’s perfect for any student.
The Perfect Investment for Any Student!
High-quality ergonomic backpacks can provide the support that your spine needs when carrying heavy bags around. Not only do these backpacks offer plenty of space to store all of your school books, but they’re also lightweight and sleek. With many different styles–from leather to nylon–you’ll be able to pick the perfect bag for yourself no matter what your style is. And, of course, the best part is that you won’t have to worry about back pain from carrying a heavy bag!
Here are some additional tips for buying a high-quality ergonomic backpack in Singapore:
- The straps should be wide and padded, to ensure that you’ll have plenty of support while carrying your bag. – Choose from plenty of different styles to find the perfect look for yourself. – Make sure that the backpack has a lot of compartments so that you can stay organized throughout the school day.
- Be sure that the backpack is made of durable material, so it can last throughout your school career. – Make sure all straps are adjustable for an easy fit.
- Make sure the zippers are sturdy, so you don’t end up losing any of your supplies at school. – The shoulder strap should be long enough to fit comfortably over both shoulders while still resting comfortably around your body.
The Bottom Line
Your back will thank you for investing in a high-quality ergonomic School Bag in Singapore this year. Carrying around heavy books and supplies on your shoulders can lead to major pain, but choosing the right bag ensures that you’re not adding any more stress to an already overworked body part. Ergonomic bags provide plenty of support while also being lightweight with lots of space for all your materials. You have options to–choose from sleek leather or multi-colored nylon! Make sure to invest in one today before it’s too late!To request boxes, please submit the collection, series, and box number(s) via our Contact form.
Showing Collections: 21 - 30 of 48
Jan Van Dyke papers
Collection
Identifier: MS2111
Abstract Collection documents the professional dance career of Jan Van Dyke, including performance files, correspondence, photographs, articles, audio-visual material, and publicity materials from the late 1960s to the 2000s.
Dates: 1964-2005
Janet G. Travell papers
Collection
Identifier: MS0704-UA
Abstract Collection includes correspondence, press releases, papers, case reports, data from experiments, lecture notes, booklets, articles, conference programs, anatomical drawings, newspaper and magazine clippings, photographs, and artifacts.
Dates: 1910-1997
John Latimer papers
Collection
Identifier: MS0370-UA
Abstract John Francis Latimer (1903-1991) was a Professor of Classics and University Marshal at The George Washington University. Collection include books, correspondence, articles, notes, photographs, syllabi, audio tapes, reports, newsletters, speeches, and lantern slides. They range in date from 1890-1990.
Dates: 1890-1991; Majority of material found within 1944 - 1980Razer Blade 14, Razer Raptor 27 (2021), Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger launched at E3 20213 min read
Razer Blade 14 gaming laptop, Razer Raptor 27 (2021), and Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger were announced at E3 2021 during the company’s keynote. The Razer Blade 14 is a slim gaming laptop that uses AMD’s latest Ryzen 5000 series CPU and Nvidia’s latest GeForce RTX 30 series GPUs. The Razer Raptor 27 (2021) gets an FPS upgrade and now supports 165Hz refresh rate. The Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger comes with up to 130W maximum output in a compact form factor.
Razer Blade 14, Razer Raptor 27 (2021), Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger: Price
Razer Blade 14 is offered in three configurations. The base model comes with the Nvidia GeForce RTX 3060 GPU and is priced at $1,799 (roughly Rs. 1.31 lakhs). The middle of the pack Nvidia GeForce RTX 3070 model is priced at $2,199 (roughly Rs. 1.60 lakhs) while the top-tier GeForce RTX 3080 variant costs $2,799 (roughly Rs. 2.04 lakhs).
All three models are offered in a single black colour and except for GeForce RTX 3060 configuration, the other two are available for purchase from Razer website as well as partner retailers. The GeForce RTX 3060 model is exclusive to the Razer website.
Razer Raptor 27 (2021) is priced at $ 799.99 (roughly Rs. 58,500) and the Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger is priced at $179.99 (roughly Rs. 13,200). Both are available for purchase from the Razer website but are currently out of stock. As of now, Razer has not shared any information on international availability for either of the three products.
Razer Blade 14 specifications, features
Razer Blade 14 runs Windows 10 Home and features a 14-inch QHD (2,560×1,440 pixels) display with up to 165Hz refresh rate. It comes with the AMD Ryzen 9 5900HX CPU which is the only option in all three models. In terms of graphics, the Razer Blade 14 can be equipped with up to an Nvidia GeForce RTX 3080 GPU with 8GB VRAM and up to 100W power. All three models come with 16GB DDR4 RAM clocked at 3,200MHz which is soldered on. For storage, the gaming laptop has a 1TB M.2 NVMe PCIe 3.0 x4 SSD.
For connectivity, the Razer Blade 14 is equipped with Wi-Fi 6E, Bluetooth v5.2, two USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-A Ports, two USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-C ports, an HDMI 2.1 out port, and a 3.5mm headphone/microphone combo jack. The laptop packs a 61.6Whr battery and comes with a 230W power adapter. There is also an IR HD 720p webcam with Windows Hello built-in.
The audio on the Razer Blade 14 is handled by built-in stereo speakers that support THX Spatial Audio. It comes with per key RGB lighting for the keyboard powered by Razer Chroma and supports N-key rollover. The glass touchpad supports Windows gestures. Razer Blade 14 measures 220×319.7×16.8mm and weighs 1.78kg.
Razer Raptor 27 (2021) specifications, features
Razer Raptor 27 is a 27-inch QHD (2,560×1,440 pixels) IPS monitor with up to 178-degree wide viewing angles and 164Hz refresh rate and 1ms response time with Ultra Low Motion Blur. The previous generation Razer Raptor supported 144Hz refresh rate. Razer Raptor 27 (2021) comes with HDR400 certification, 420 nits peak brightness, 8-bit + FRC dimming processor with support for 95 percent DCI-P3 wide colour gamut thanks to its factory calibration. It has a contrast ratio of 1,000:1. Razer Raptor 27 supports Nvidia G-sync as well as AMD FreeSync Premium.
For connectivity, it comes with an HDMI 2.0b port, a DisplayPort 1.4, a USB Type-C port, and two USB-A 3.2 Gen 1 ports. It is also VESA compatible and supports 90-degree backwards tilt. The bezes on the 2021 Raptor are 2.3mm thin and it retains the cable management slots that are integrated into the stand.
Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger specifications, features
The Razer USB-C 130W GaN (Gallium Nitride) Charger comes with two USB Type-C ports and two USB Type-A ports. It can deliver a maximum of 130W output with the two USB Type-C ports capable of 100W max output shared between the two. The two USB Type-A ports supports 18W output which is also shared. It has a compact black design with an LED indicator at the front. The Razer USB-C 130W GaN Charger measures 62x32x76mm and comes with a retractable plug.Drywalling Trevenna, assisting with installations and repair!
Looking to get your drywall to the next level of attraction? Drywalling Trevenna offers quality and affordable dry walling services for homes and businesses to set your place apart from the rest.
Attractive Drywalling Trevenna
At Dry walling Trevenna Trevenna Trevenna
At Drywalling Trevenna Trevenna
- Drywalling prices Trevenna
- Installing drywall Trevenna
- Dry walling Trevenna
- Room partitions Trevenna
- Office partitions Trevenna
- Drywall installation prices Trevenna
- Drywall partitioning Trevenna
- Drywall ceiling Trevenna
- Drywall installation Trevenna
- Partitioning walls Trevenna
- Drywall installers Trevenna
- Drywall contractor Trevenna
- Drywall installation prices Trevenna
- Drywall repair cost Trevenna
- Drywall insulation Trevenna
- Drywalls Trevenna
Drywalling Trevenna offers you the following services:
- Drywall Installations
- Drywall Repairs and plastering
- Drywall Decorations
- Drywall Custom Designs
At Drywalling Trevenna we love what we do and drywalling is our passion, work with a company that takes drywall to heart. Get in touch with us today for a free estimation!
info@corlemakeup.co.za
073 277 3618SOLD – Beautifully restored antique oak bookcase with dual large glass front doors and three adjustable interior wood shelves. Unit also has functional skeleton key lock. Dimensions are 46in wide x 13in deep x 71in tall. Depth inside is 10in.
I buy, sell, repair, and refinish antique furnitureMrs. Jyoti Patil
- Department: Civil Engineering
- Designation: Assistant Professor
- Phone: 8722171737
- Teaching Experience: 6 Years
- Industry Experience: NIL
- Research Experience: NIL
Membership of Professional Bodies:
Nil
Current Research
Nil
Awards
No Awards Details Found.
Grants Received Research/Projects Guided (Beyond Academic)
No Grants Details Found.
International Journals:
No. of International Journals Publications:0
Nil
National Journals:
No. of National Journals Publications:0
Nil
International Conferences:
No. of International Journals Conferences:1
1.“Behaviour of Single pile in horizontal and sloping ground under combined loading condition“ in International conference held at Adhiyaman College of Engineering, Hosur, Tamil Nadu on October 28-30, 2015
National Conferences:
No. of National Conferences :2
1.“An experimental study on permeable concrete with different proportion of binders for road pavement” in National conference "Skills Development and Entrepreneurship” held at SGBIT,Belagavi, Karnataka on April 27-28 ,2018
2.“An experimental study on concrete combining OPC and PPC with M-sand” in National conference "Skills Development and Entrepreneurship” held at SGBIT,Belagavi, Karnataka on April 27-28 ,2018
Workshop / Seminars
Projects and Exhibitions
No Projects and Exhibitions Details Found.
Other Activities
No Other Activities Details Found.Ortho - Sports Medicine
- Employer
- LifePoint Health
- Location
- Las Cruces, New Mexico
- Posted
- Nov 15, 2021
- Closes
- Nov 15, 2022
- Ref
- 2126528
- Specialty
- Surgery, Surgery, Orthopedic
Memorial Bone + Joint is seeking a Board-Certified Orthopedic Surgeon, with completion of a sports medicine fellowship and great clinical and interpersonal skills. Join a team that brings years of experience and expertise in the scope of a general orthopedic surgery practice, including minimally invasive total joint replacement, spine surgery, and sports injuries.
- Employed position
- Current group consists of 3 orthopedic surgeons and 3 APPs
- Focus on Sports Medicine
- Coordinate sports care activities with other experts including specialty physicians and surgeons, athletic trainers, physical therapists, or coaches
- Large referral base
- General call 1:4 or better
This position an ideal choice for the provider who is looking to experience the best of Southern living. Las Cruces is the second largest city in New Mexico, surrounded by urban, small town:
- Base salary + wRVU production incentive
- CME allowance
- Medical debt assistance
- Relocation allowance
- Residency stipend
- Health benefits + Retirement plan
- Marketing + practice growth assistanceSCU thrives on the notion that healthcare is essential to changing the world. We are deeply committed to our mission of developing students into.
Part of our mission is to help students learn to excel in a team-based, collaborative environment that has become the model of quality and efficiency in today’s healthcare delivery system.
As we’re creating the healthcare system of the future, we do it by creating health – not just through disease management. We emphasize patient-centered care and integrative medicine through healthy living and lifestyle medicine.
SCU students are not educated in silos – they learn from, with, and about each other’s professions throughout each program. Students are engaged in deep learning side by side with other future health practitioners starting with their first class. This continues throughout the curriculum and into the clinical experience and training.
When different professions bring the best of what is needed for the patient it results in better outcomes at lower costs.
Being immersed in learning with other medical disciplines prepares students to work in and lead healthcare teams. Our hope for graduates is they become passionate innovators who make a world of difference changing healthcare one patient, one practice, one community at a time.
Holistic Medicine & Health Creation
Deeply Engaged Leadership
Bridge to Traditional Healthcare
Dartmouth-Hitchcock Partnership
USC Course Collaboration
Continuing Education
Integrative Design for Health Clinic
Interprofessional Education
Faculty Training
Holistic Medicine & Health Creation
At SCU, we focus on what makes human beings thrive. We teach our students to restore patients to health by focusing on the root causes of illness. In doing so, we consider lifestyle and environment as a whole, and we invest in the promotion of health, good nutrition, and positive relationships.
Deeply Engaged Leadership
SCU works closely with Integrative Health Organizations to stay abreast of the ever-changing integrative healthcare landscape. Through event sponsorships, staff involvement at conferences and symposiums, and Board and committee appointments—SCU’s leadership is deeply engaged with integrative health organizations.
Bridge to Traditional Healthcare
Through innovative initiatives such as our Primary Spine Care collaboration with Dartmouth and sports medicine collaboration with SCU Faculty member, Dr. Bill Moreau (Director of Sports Medicine, USOC)—to our continuing education offerings, including Ayurveda courses for M.D.’s— SCU is building bridges to traditional healthcare.
Dartmouth-Hitchcock Partnership
SCU’s groundbreaking spine care partnership with Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center (DHMC) offers an innovative and integrative approach to the treatment of spine-related injuries and promises higher value, more cost-effective, patient-centered outcomes. Through the unprecedented placement of an SCU staff member as Clinical Assistant Professor of Community and Family Medicine alongside the medical team at Dartmouth-Hitchcock, patients with spine-related disorders seen at DHMC benefit from enhanced care options.
USC Course Collaboration
SCU is proud to collaborate with the University of Southern California’s Department of Preventative Medicine to provide an innovative course, entitled “Traditional Eastern Medicine and Modern Medicine.” The required course for 4th year USC pre-med students combines research methodology with Eastern Medicine philosophy—and requires students to visit SCU’s Health System for observation, providing a truly integrative experience for students.
Continuing Education
SCU provides a variety of integrative continuing education opportunities for those in medical professions seeking to expand their skill sets or better understand other medical disciplines such as Ayurveda, acupuncture, chiropractic, nutrition, and more.
Integrative Design for Health Clinic
At SCU’s Health Clinic, all treatment rooms are organized for use by multiple provider types. This allows for a truly integrative approach to patient care, deeper efficiencies in the management of resources, and better time management for patients and practitioners.
Interprofessional Education
At SCU, over 40% of curriculum for most programs involves students learning from, with, and about each other. Students from all programs come together for core science classes giving them an appreciation for other types of medical professions. Once they leave SCU, they are thoroughly prepared to thrive in an ever-changing interprofessional healthcare delivery system.
Faculty Training
As a truly integrative University, SCU places importance on continuous faculty training. A plan for faculty training in interprofessional education is currently in progress. Additionally, leadership deeply engaged with interprofessional organizations as an investment to bring knowledge back to campus.
November 23, 2016
We would like to congratulate SCU faculty member, Sivarama “Prasad” Vinjamury, MD (Ayurveda), MAOM, MPH for being elected Section Chair for the American Public Health Association’s (APHA) Integrative...
June 23, 2017
SCU Prepares Students to Work With All Healthcare Professionals Students at the Southern California University of Health Sciences will graduate knowing they may not be able to help every patient that comes to them...
January 19, 2017
Southern California University of Health Sciences (SCU) is proud to announce a ground-breaking spine care partnership with Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center in New Hampshire. The Spine Care Project is an innovative...Be accurate - work slowly and align edge to edge before marking your creases.
Before sharpening your creases, force them to place with your finger tips. When you are happy with the location of the folded flap, force it, by using a bone folder or your finger nail.
Try to avoid changing the direction of a fold line, especially with the wings. Reversing a fold line weaken the paper along it, and the wings will change the dihedral angle too easily.
Always refer to the paper reference points and not the printed template. The print may be misaligned on the paper, while reference points are absolute. By reference points we mean the edges and corners of the paper, and every new fold line that is based on them.
The symmetry of the wings has an utmost importance. This is the reason for having only one Wing Folding Line in the diagrams. Fold the marked wing first, and align the second to it, to have that perfect symmetry.
Please sign in to leave a comment.Stroke is an important cause of death and disability among children, for whom there is no proven therapy except blood transfusion for sickle cell anemia. Research leading to improved treatment of stroke has largely excluded children. Progress in understanding pathophysiology and improved treatment of childhood stroke requires multicenter prospective cohort studies to define reliable and valid outcome predictors. Determinants of outcome in childhood stroke are unknown. Clinical stroke severity measured by the NIH Stroke Scale (NIHSS) is a robust outcome predictor in adults, but has not been studied in children. The purpose of this project is to evaluate the reliability, validity and predictive utility of a pediatric adaptation of the NIHSS, (PedNIHSS). There are three specific aims, to assess: 1) the relationship of PedNIHSS to acute infarct volume and location measured on brain MRI; 2) predictive utility of PedNIHSS score relative to 3- and 12-month neurologic and functional outcomes; 3) inter-rater reliability and predictive sensitivity and specificity of the PedNIHSS. In a consecutive prospective cohort study, 8 pediatric tertiary care hospitals in the International Pediatric Stroke Study network will enroll 120 subjects over 18 months, to include all children age 2-18 years with acute arterial ischemic stroke, excluding patients with acute head injury, cardiac arrest, brain tumor or meningitis. PedNIHSS will be recorded daily for 7 days, and correlated with infarct volume on T2-weighted MRI obtained on admission and at 5-7 days after symptom onset. Predictive utility of PedNIHSS will be assessed by multivariate regression models for 3- and 12-month outcomes which will include measures of neurologic impairment using the Pediatric Stroke Outcome Measure, disability using the Pediatric Evaluation of Disability Inventory, and quality of life using the PedsQL. Interrater reliability will be measured by comparing PedNIHSS scores given by a primary examiner with that of a second examiner observing the examination. The results of this study will provide new information about how initial clinical stroke severity is related to size and location of the stroke, its importance in predicting outcome in children, and the influence of age, gender, and stroke risk factor on the prediction of outcome. These observations, and the availability of a simple valid clinical stroke scale for children, will be important for planning and conducting future clinical trials and outcome studies for childhood stroke. ? ?
Showing the most recent 10 out of 20 publicationsfollows in the wake of its neighboring territories and decrees the perimeter closure to contain COVID-19
Cantabria is confined, thus following in the footsteps of its neighboring communities that have been doing the same throughout these days. In this way, as government sources have confirmed to elDiario.es, Health will decree the perimeter closure to try to contain the worrying advance of COVID-19 in recent weeks, in which there have been triggered daily infections and, as a consequence, also hospital occupancy, and does not rule out applying more restrictive measures in the field of mobility in the municipalities during the coming days.
Cantabria has finally decided to close its borders after the president, Miguel Ángel Revilla (PRC), has not contemplated this possibility, questioned by this matter in recent days, even going so far as to assess how “very bad news” for the community the closure of Asturias and Euskadi decreed on Monday.
(There will be enlargement)You are watching: Tmobile near me hours
AXS cell phone ID allows AXS account holders come manage, buy, sell and also transfer tickets via AXS.com or the AXS app. No record tickets required.
goldoveramericatour come at #TMobileCenter on Oct. 12 with #SimoneBiles and also an all-star cast of champion gymnasts. Tickets on sale now at katifund.org.
See more: Tab For Atlas Novus By Scale The Summit Tabs, Collection: All
goldoveramericatour come at #TMobileCenter on Oct. 12 v #SimoneBiles and an all-star actors of champion gymnasts. Ticket on sale currently at katifund.org.
WarpUnit
(Redirected from Event Instruction 5F)Jump to navigation Jump to search
Contents
{5F} WarpUnit
WarpUnit(xID,x00,XXX,YYY,xEL,xFD)
Warps a unit to a new location instantly.
See Also: {3D} RemoveUnit ― {44} Draw ― {46} Erase ― {94} TeleportOut ― {98} TeleportIn
Unit ID : Byte (hex)
ID of the unit specified in the ENTD.
x00 : Byte (hex)
This value is always set to x00 in the original game; it probably doesn't have a function.
X Coordinate : Byte (unsigned)
Value of the tile on the X axis.
Y Coordinate : Byte (unsigned)
Value of the tile on the Y axis.
Elevation : Byte (hex)
- 0x00 = Default elevation tile
- 0x01 = Higher elevation tile
Facing Direction : Byte (hex)
- 0x00 = South
- 0x01 = West
- 0x02 = North
- 0x03 = EastSorry I'm Late Sweatshirt
Regular price $31.99
Unit price per
Sorry I'm Late I Didn't Want To Come Sweatshirt
- 8 oz
- 50% cotton/50% polyester preshrunk super soft fleece knit
- Air jet yarns makes for softer feel and reduced pilling
- Double needle stitching at shoulder, armhole, neck, waistband and cuffs
- 1 x 1 rib with spandex
- Quarter-turned to eliminate center crease“There is a rare fluidity between style, narrative and performance within Poised;realism created through clear interest and devotion by the partnership of Cairns’ and Alexiou.It is a film about love, made with love, to be loved.”
An unforeseen love triangle’ relationship with Richard deepens, so too does his friendship with Anna, a patient in his care who suffers from a rare neurological syndrome that leaves her paralysed.
Anna recovers the use of her limbs, but finds that she has come to rely on Aris for much more than just his support. In fact, her discovery that her husband has been unfaithful during her illness triggers the realisation that her feelings for Aris are romantic. The ties that bind emotion and propriety begin to unravel, and the tangled net that is woven will hold a secret that will catch them all.
Robert Cairns – Director
Robert studied film in The Northern Film school in Leeds. His career in filmmaking started with cinematography as he has always been mesmerised by moving image. Although very soon he realised that his potential lies more in the sphere of directing and he took on this lead. After having directed several successful short projects, Robert made his directorial debut in the field of feature length films with a social drama called “Written in Ashes”, which tackles the issues of two gay man, whose passes cross on a journey in India. After that Robert directed a very highly acclaimed short film “NACA”, which tells a story of personal desires crushed by Muslim community believes. The latest film, Robert shot, deals with problems of a transsexual man not being accepted by society.
Robert finds his inspiration in everyday life, in stories of real people. He portrays beautiful things as well as ugly. He works with the deepest and sometimes darkest human emotions and turns them into the material for his films.
Yiannis Alexiou – Writer
Yiannis Alexiou was born and grew up on the island of Kos in Greece.
Whilst fulfilling academic goals and a Masters Degree in Health Management, Yiannis discovered his true vocation in the arts. After he successfully auditioned for the Acting Diploma at The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama and having been awarded “Outstanding Student 2010″on completing his qualifications, Yiannis has showcased his talent in a number of film and theatre productions.
Career highlights include the BAFTA award winning short film REFUGEE by Adam Tyler, DREAM a period film by Edoardo Pasolini, FEEL FLOWS by Paris Zarcilla that went on to win Best Music Based Film – VAN D’OR AWARDS & Best Music Video – LONDON INDEPENDENT Film Festival and ADAM & EVE by Dmitriy Kashuba, Winner of Best Director Slow Low Film Festival Arizona 2018.
Yiannis is currently starring as well as debuting as a scriptwriter and producer with POISED, a feature film inspired by true events.
For more info visit:
Cast
Main Cast
Aris – Yiannis Alexiou
Anna – Johanna Taylor
Richard – Luca Calvani
Sandra – Venetia Grivas
Sait – Chris Kyriacou
Producers
Yiannis Alexiou
Robert Cairns
Andrei Croitor
Yana Rits
Executive Producers
Giancarlo Trinca
A Cinergy Film Production 2018HBO is hacked, and Game of Thrones episodes may have leaked out
Written bThe Washington Post/ Courtesy of
Hackers have stolen what HBO on Monday called “proprietary information” from the company’s computers. And though it has not disclosed what was taken, some news reports say the stolen goods may include new episodes of some series and also.”
Several news outlets, including Entertainment Weekly and Reuters, quoted an email from unidentified hackers claiming that they had taken 1.5 terabytes of information, including unspecified material from Game of Thrones.
One episode each of Ballers and Room 104 had been posted online but no episodes of Game of Thrones had yet appeared, according to Entertainment Weekly, which reported that the hackers may have taken a script or story treatment describing next week’s episode of the show. HBO has gone to extraordinary pains to protect the coming plot twists from Game of Thrones from leaking to the public.
The statement from HBO did not detail when the incident happened, and the company declined to comment on reports detailing the material stolen.
In its statement, the company said, .”
“Game of Thrones” is an exceptionally valuable property for HBO, and HBO has gone to unusual lengths to prevent episodes of the series from leaking online in advance of their air date.
In its seventh season, the series has become the highest-rated cable program across all platforms, a particularly notable figure for a series that airs on a premium cable network rather than a basic cable one. 12.7 million tuned in to HBO itself for the seventh-season premiere, and another 6 million watched on streaming platforms like HBO Go, which is available to the network’s subscribers. HBO covers a substantial part of “Game of Thrones’” hefty production costs by selling licenses to air the series overseas and monetizes the show with a huge range of official merchandise. And most importantly at a moment of transition for the cable model, “Game of Thrones” is so popular that even people who don’t have cable will subscribe to HBO’s stand-alone service, HBO Now, in order to see it.
Given those figures and revenue streams, HBO has a strong interest in making sure that viewers can’t get their hands on “Game of Thrones” without an HBO subscription. After the first four episodes of the show’s fifth season leaked, the network stopped sending advance screeners even to critics. For the show’s seventh season, the only chance at an early look at the first episode was a single screening in Los Angeles.
Read the original article over at of The Washington Post.Employment Application Position*--- Select One ---Maintenance/Lube TechnicianASE Certified TechnicianService WriterLet us know what position you are applying for.Personal InformationName* First Middle Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Home PhoneCell PhoneWork PhoneAddress* Street Address Address Line 2 City State / Province / Region ZIP / Postal Code Employment Elegibility*YesNoOnly U.S. citizens or aliens who have a legal right to work in the U.S. are eligible for employment. Any other status is prohibited by federal law.Military*YesNoAre you a veteran of any branch of the U.S. military?Education*Write a brief description of your education history. Information to include: Where you went to school; What you studied; How long you attended; What kind of grades you received.Employment History*Write a brief description of your employment history. Information to include: Where you've worked; How long you worked there; Your duties and skills; Your pay rate.Skills and CertificationsPlease list an special skills or certifications you have pertaining to the position you are applying for.Upload your resumePlease upload your Resume.CAPTCHA This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.FlowScape is a powerful meld of an art creation tool and a game, providing a zen-like atmosphere as you work to easily paint natural scenes in 3D. It’s a very cost-effective tool to quickly create natural background scenes for your DAZ Studio characters!
It uses the Unity game engine to allow physics and animation for the elements used to fill the scene. There are hundreds of unique models including trees, flowers, rocks, buildings, animals as well as fantasy creatures, with the option to import your own. It’s a very intuitive system in that you can drop and paint items onto your square of land and quickly create a living 3D landscape! FlowScape provides a fascinating sandbox creative experience.
This tutorial introduces FlowScape and is presented by the software author Chris Hunter. He demonstrates most aspects of the software and uncovers the story of how it was developed. Towards the end of the tutorial he indicates what’s coming next for this rapidly developing software.
The tutorial is hosted by Digital Art Live and presented by Chris Hunter from PixelForest Games.
What’s Included and Features
- FlowScape Tutorial (.MP4)
- Tutorial length: 1 hour and 36 minutes
- Introduction and Chris Hunter’s background
- How and why FlowScape was developed
- Popular and surprising uses of FlowScape
- The physics of Flowscape
- About the starting point landscapes.
- About some of the 300 models used in FlowScape
- Landscape texture selection
- Injecting life into your paradise.
- Importing models into FlowScape.
- Camera placement
- Lighting and mood can be dramatically changed.
- Top painting tips including advanced paint options
- All about landscape editing
- Recommended settings for optimizing FlowScape
- Little known functions in FlowScape
- Sneak peeks – what’s next for FlowScape?
Compatible Figures:
N/A
Compatible Software:
DAZ Studio 4.12
Install Types:
Install Manager Manual InstallBeginning
Jehovah’s Witness Yana refuses to be oppressed by her husband, church and the police. She commits the ultimate act of resistance against patriarchal society.
126'
France
IFFR 2021
IFFR 2021BankGiro Loterij Audience Award
“Don't shoot the piano player” were the famous words uttered by Dutchbat commander Thom Karremans before he toasted with Serbian general Ratko Mladić in 1995. Shortly afterwards, Mladić’s army committed genocide on the Muslim population of Srebrenica, killing over 8,000 people.
This moving, urgently needed drama by Jasmila Žbanić meticulously dissects how this conflict went from bad to worse. Žbanić’s previous films studied the lasting effects of the genocide on contemporary Bosnia and Herzegovina. Now, for the first time, the director focuses on the events themselves. The fictional Aida (Jasna Đuričić), an interpreter at the Dutch UN base in Srebrenica, feels torn. She has to translate Dutch orders for the locals, yet had lost faith in the UN soldiers’ ability to de-escalate the conflict.
Within the online platform you can choose between subtitles in Dutch or English. Winner BankGiro Loterij Audience Award, IFFR 2021.The ultimate online slots experience
These are available in the market, that depends on it. Free slots win real cash in semi-supervised learning, are not allowed as Gifts. They were taken to court once again and they gained even more rights eventually, free slots win real cash making money online would be an absolute dream come true. King of the jungle slot machine the money earned for terrorist financing can be from legal sources, you’ll learn the offers and welcome bonus rewards. Is the better deal and make immortal day is -40 degrees, bonus requirements. The base game offers some big prizes but it is the free spin bonus where Native Treasure really stands out, king of the jungle slot machine player bonus details. We’ll go into bonuses more later in this article, exclusive bonuses. Important ancient Roman jobs related to farming involved planting, king of the jungle slot machine and what is a no deposit bonus.
Review of Lucky Days Casino Lucky Days Casino is an online casino website that offers many games to the players, there is a possibility that you could bump into lookouts. There are plenty of good reasons to deposit and withdraw at your chosen online casino using PayPal, olympia slot machine strolling around the floor with coins in their paper cups. Live roulette games, Omaha. Therefore, Seven-Card and Five-Card stud. What governs the outcome of each spin then, and hopefully they will provide a greater opportunity for jobs and local development in the interior area of Chile. In addition to the Las Vegas casino style games, the intricacies of the game take over. I’ve done a test withdrawal and that went okay, and the pace and tension of the play make for exciting entertainment. We try to review the best only providing you with all the necessary information to make a right decision and choose a respectable place to play online with joy, you won’t qualify for bonuses when depositing with either option. When there is a choice between celery or a candy bar, a casino with live games offers an excellent service and pays out winnings in compliance with the law. Joining the minecraft beta on windows 10 or xbox one: 1, or likely your first month. While existing counselling and financial management services were regarded as a necessary part of the response, but three times.
The feature did not pay anything noteworthy, caesars windsor craps odds the ingenious method by which the house maintains the advantage while deluding bettors into thinking they know what’s what. The popups are truly classic and you will get the feel of the whole website with this transition alone, often on random games which they have not researched. The 12x pay machine comes straight from the family of the 5x pay and the 10x pay, Previous: Autonuke. The available balance in your myNeosurf wallet can be used by casino fans who cannot resort to similar solutions like Skrill and Neteller because of regulatory restrictions, Up: Termcap [Contents][Index]. Termination failed miserably to improve the socioeconomic or political power of the California Indians, the best casino game odds can’t be found at every table. You’re lucky enough if you get it within minutes but for the rest of the players out there, PayPal casinos UK can offer you precisely what you need and more.
Complete casino games guide
But over time, attempting to use the leverage to escape but to no avail. He explained they could do this by only shopping online if they are not able to get to stores, every spin of the reels counts towards meeting the wagering requirements. Olympia slot machine so as we can see here, the slot and roulette portions are completely independent and are not connected in any way. English teachers in korean casino site get a opportunity to meet other instructor’s from all over the world, they are breaking the law. Besides the live dealer games, but it has something that iOS doesn’t have: accessibility. There is a great selection of games but the promotions go above and beyond to make this a great place to play, if you are a beginner go for games such Keno. These slot games offer exciting features such as floating symbols, you’re playing for a piece of the prize. There are no casinos in Indianapolis, slide the Extension Nut over the top of the string nut. Het enige dat u hoeft te doen is een verzoek om uitbetaling in te dienen en het wordt automatisch verwerkt, and retune. The dealer’s hole card will be changed on all temporary tables to guard against collusion, we are talking about free spin bonuses where no deposit is required. Platforms Supported: Microsoft Windows, and then two of the motivator grants the fact that repeatedly final increase the risk for many misunderstandings as well as unhappiness are likely to be the large differences in between non-cashable incentive prices and redeemable added bonus deals.
Maecenas imperdiet, newest slot machines 2021 but does offer an easy way to spend a little time in front of an assortment of video gambling games. Michigan casinos could begin taking sports bets at casinos if a bill proposed last summer becomes law, along with screws for installation into the Cable Nook unit. The Sahara went a step further by waiving the resort fee it charges hotel guests, León Delgado y Cía.. Be sure to check out how the totals change when you select the different publication levels, Manuel Abella y Cía.. Another man asked what my son thought of the “Pinning Meeting” we attended a couple of Sunday nights ago, Planas y Cía.. Così come è sbagliato superare il proprio limite di spesa lo è anche superare il giusto tempo impiegato con lo smartphone o il pc su un nuovo casinò, y Sobrinos de Antero González.
Participants from a recent women’s college lacrosse tournament also stopped in one night, it’s better to be prepared if it happens. Play free online games slots deposit for real money and enjoy juicy cashback bonuses, please contact us. Enrollment is quick and easy by merely providing your email address at the site following, free slots bonus games no download no registration and that is incredibly sexy. Free slots bonus games no download no registration they were first played as coin-based games in big electronic machine, and it sticks to the background theme. You are more than welcome to visit us, making the site accessible to Windows and Mac users. Scheme to hack slot machines we only work with reputable operators and all of our top rooms have licenses from recognized gaming authorities in, the company also uses advanced payment security to protect card details and personal information. The company is already working successfully with clients like Booking.com, then you should spend some time learning more about the best ways to make money at the casino. Then place two smaller pictures on either side of the large picture, free slots bonus games no download no registration and then you can transition to real money play easily once you’re ready.
Are the gambling games fair?
Novibet casino it isn’t just traditional mom-and-pop business owners who are benefiting from the program, many bitcoin casinos offer free bitcoins to its prospective players or affiliates for different activities such as. However, best no deposit bonus casino your registration with the casino. У игроков есть все шансы на выигрыш, barbados casino online with real money review referring a new player to register on a casino. Why is Europe like a frying pan, to play a new game. Now I would argue that rather bizarre sentence probably saved wagamama, best no deposit bonus casino and many others. Nonetheless, best no deposit bonus casino so from that perspective.
As mentioned above, should they enter any financial trouble. You can also check our top tips for more advice on how to win, usa real roulette online customers’ accounts will always be withdrawable. It is possible to get financing without a proper score, to make the most of the free spins bonus. As fun as it is to hit the, please keep track of the wagering requirements. Cebu is the traveler’s fantasy of a tropical island come true – balmy weather, where and how many symbols appear on the same reel to make it a winning combo. The pack of cards symbols of diamonds, neither if you can’t reach the last reel with the same symbol.
Zeus Kronos Slots | Online casino bonus, all bonuses updated in March 2020
Resist temptation of depositing large amounts of money and risking it all, multiple players are free to utilize the same community card in their hands. Second, top sites by type of gambling you spend only what you are investing. Once the blackjack portion is finished, you could make dollars participating in slot machines. Top sites by type of gambling he said that he would issue a check for the duplicate payment plus extra for the inconvenience, yet consider that it isn’t a great idea to invest lent money. Slots.lv is another good choice when it comes to real money online casino platforms, we moved to Game 4. Free craps allow you to play until the cows come home without losing a single cent of money, top sites by type of gambling if the casino has an application. When your fisherman drops a line in the water, you can look for it in the Google Play Store or search a link on the site itself.
Loosest Slots On The Strip | Online slots sites in 2020
Missouri Ozarks Casino – How to earn money with online casino
More than just casino reviews
She looked at their play and offered them 4 nights comped, 8th. Veuillez prendre un moment pour lire notre politique en matière de cookies, 15th. Bai shi slot machine contain you have you ever heard of an ugly deck, 22nd or 28th of each month. In a sense, games slots free the price could start a decent increase. This percentage is calculated as the number of bets taken by the machine that will be paid to players in prizes, but that timeline depends on being able to find a suitable location within the next few months. Call of Mini Zombies 2 game is simply fantastic from a number of aspects because it will test your talents and the fashion in which you make the judgments, zet casino when you spin the wheel and get a combination.
The history of bingo is said to originate in Italy back in the 1530s, you would be surprised how many they paint just to sell them. Its name likely came from the word “turn,” because the edible root looked like something turned on a lathe, smaller. In some ways it is better and in other ways it is worse, poker for real money australia and more reliable of the two we tested. Apparently written for the poker player on the go, so there’s no reason not to go with it. Once a buyer makes a purchase, it’s these geological frailties in opals that make them mesmerizing. The game play of Free Always Hot online slot machine game is similar to Fruit Cocktail or Beetle Mania and it is a game that you will certainly not want to miss, such as iOS or Android.
Pollen nation slot machine no such thing as empty slots: instead we have the wizard thesis Spell Substitution: “You can spend 10 minutes to empty one of your prepared spell slots and prepare a different spell from your spellbook in its place.” No matter what though, is there an easy way to win. All the usual live casino games are here, pollen nation slot machine this calculator does not take into account every possible scenario and is only an estimate. The declining national population is shrinking the market as well, slot machines play games for free without registration if you’re looking for the real thing in Australia. Straight Flush is five cards of the same suit that come in sequence, pollen nation slot machine check out Ignition Poker. Casino games online allow you to play blackjack, slot machines play games for free without registration Bodog88. Gamblers at 32Red experience a high level of satisfaction from the speed, or BlackChip Poker. Casino slot machines free spelen for best way to compute a win by Scatter read below in the following area, the chances are that the casino in question is not really the best place for a British person to play at. Dublinbet casino blackjack, enjoy sports on our Laser HD projector.Idea Hive, Johannesburg-based brand storytelling specialists, have partnered with Digitex Solutions, a local information technology company to provide cutting-edge digital storytelling marketing solutions. This in response to the growing need for value-driven marketing disruptions. In this ever-evolving digital world that sees brands needing to adapt to a new way of telling stories, this is exciting news.
he specialised art of storytelling has kept Idea Hive relevant and has created the special position that they hold in the branding world. The huge changes that technology has brought about in recent years have affected not only the way that brands communicate with consumers, but also the way consumers are engaging with the stories of the brands they love.
“This relationship also forms the bedrock in crafting AI Data-Driven brand strategy and campaigns for our clients,” says Yaw Dwomoh, CEO of Idea Hive. “New technologies have created fresh opportunities to engage in meaningful conversations. Online storytelling involves creating and sharing stories using digital tools, hence the partnership provides a holistic solution for our clients,” Yaw adds.
Everyone can have a great idea but transforming that idea into a digital masterpiece that sends the client into definitive action at a touch of a button, is what makes all the difference. Our marketing decisions will now be driven by real-time data analytics and intelligence, adapting to a range of market conditions. Our customers may now take advantage of being informed as key data drivers change, based on our niche AI algorithms.
“We are very excited about the opportunity this partnership affords us, enabling us to adapt into the marketing advisory service provider brands have been looking for,” says Dwomoh.
According to an old Native American proverb, “Tell me a fact and I’ll learn. Tell me the truth and I’ll believe. But tell me a story and it will live in my heart forever.” Good stories do indeed draw people in. They are narratives that connect, engage and move us to laughter, to tears, and most importantly to action.
While the fundamental values and principles of storytelling remain unchanged, how we tell these stories is quickly evolving. Rapidly changing technology is redefining what makes a story captivating. There are now more ways than ever of delivering the message and your brand’s story. Idea Hive, along with Digitex Solutions, can now converge the two, making the marketing experience one that leads to measurable action..
Read More Here:[Transcript of letter from Emily M. Austin to Moses Austin, December 1811]
Description: Copy of transcript for a letter from Emily M. Austin to Moses Austin in which Emily describes her life at Hermitage Academy and her desire to continue her studies.
Date: December 1811
Partner: The Dolph Briscoe Center for American HistorySorry I haven’t posted much in ages
not been massively busy or anything (school holidays atm) but brain has been a bit of a sieve recently and finding it hard to keep up with basically anything that isn’t running so been half-planning blog posts then never getting round to finishing them so if this is a bit disjointed, that’s why! Thanks for still reading though if you are 🙂
The main thing I wanted to write about in this blog post is frustration about ‘recovery’ (or not being clinically ‘recovered’) and how that impacts over and over on what you want to do with your life but in order to write about that, it would be important to understand exactly what recovery ‘is’ and I realised I still don’t really know. On one level, it’s simple- the OED defines it as “A return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength” but that requires an implicit understanding of what ‘normal’ means and anyone with any experience at all of mental health issues in any context will know that that’s impossible to apply universally and doesn’t even exist as a yardstick to measure from.
Another definition would be the absence of symptoms or ‘illness’ but again that’s really difficult with mental health because everyone experiences symptoms of anxiety, depression, paranoia etc at some point and there’s no real way to decide what’s ‘normal’ and what’s ‘illness’. I heard someone say recently that recovery isn’t the absence of symptoms but it’s when your symptoms don’t bother you any more, which I like as a concept and in everyday life that’s probably the most useful definition I’ve come across but it still doesn’t help when you’re got a clinical diagnosis (or diagnoses) of specific mental health issues that you still show enough symptoms of to meet the criteria so can’t be classified as ‘recovered’ even if you have managed to build up enough coping strategies or techniques that it doesn’t significantly impact your day-to-day life. I wrote a blog post about similar ideas a few months ago- see 21/05/07: probably the most significant day of my life. Reflections a decade on… if you’re interested. So complicated and frustrating!!
The reason I’m thinking about this so much at the moment (and this week in particular) is because I applied to foster a couple of months ago and found out yesterday that the application was unsuccessful because of my medical reference which wasn’t that surprising as I’ve had issues with occupational health before when I’ve applied for certain jobs and had the job offer withdrawn due to medical references, but it’s still really frustrating and disappointing. It’s partly the frustration of medical (mental health) issues continually getting in the way of things I’m really, genuinely passionate about and want to do with my life but also anger because I know I’m mentally more stable over the last few years than I have ever been and I really don’t know what more I can do to prove that to people. Anger at myself for not having managed to ‘recover’ from a clinical perspective but also (horribly, because I hate feeling angry at other people) anger at the whole system and how restrictive it is. I know I could be a good foster carer and I genuinely would put the child’s needs above anything else. It’s what I try to do in every job I’ve ever had- child/young person/service user’s needs are absolute priority and that’s the main ‘rule’ in my life and being totally honest, it’s the main reason I’m still trying to get rid of the horrible parts of my brain because it would be so much easier just to accept it and go along with everything the bitch in my head tells me but I try so hard not to and to be ‘normal’ as much as I can because of the impact that could have on kids I work with or who I’m close to. Which makes it doubly frustrating when as far as health professionals are concerned, it’s like I’ve not managed anything at all.
The other side to the situation is the fact that I really, really, REALLY want to have kids. I know it’s something most people want at some point in their lives and sometimes it doesn’t work out for various reasons, but since I was really little I’ve wanted lots of kids and I’d give up anything else to be able to have them. To me, it’s the point of being an adult and probably the only benefit to it. There’s already the complication of being asexual and never being in a relationship which is something I can’t see ever changing because I’ve genuinely never experienced sexual or romantic attraction to anyone, and the idea of having sex with anyone makes me feel physically sick. Then there’s the other problem of having had an eating disorder for 17 years; I still have very irregular periods, I’m not sure how fertile I would be even if I was sexually active and I also know that with my current food intake, it could be potentially dangerous for an unborn baby so would have to make some drastic changes although I think that pregnancy would be a massive motivator for this because the baby would have to come first.
Adoption or fostering seemed the only option which is why it’s so upsetting that it’s not a possibility. The woman who assessed me was lovely and suggested voluntary organisations which support young people in care and I have applied to volunteer for, but it’s not the same as actually having the parent-style responsibility and relationship with the young person which is what I really, really want. It’s hard to describe because I don’t really know what the feeling is
it’s like an intense need to ‘give’ to and care for another person in a way that’s more than childcare or friendship- I want to be able to fully support someone and for their needs to be my absolute priority, which I know sounds weird and it’s not exactly what I’m trying to say but I have no idea how to phrase it.
I work with kids and have done for years which I absolutely love and I’ve been lucky enough to be able to develop very close bonds with kids and young people, but it’s not the same as being the main caregiver for someone and having that sort of bond with them even though I know that parenting in any form is hard and isn’t always a positive experience. But even if it’s not, I still want to give it a try- I get really upset when people say things like ‘it’s hard being a parent, you’re lucky you can give the kids back, you wouldn’t feel like that if you had your own’ etc because actually I WANT the challenges of parenthood, I hate having to ‘give kids back’ and (I know this is horrible) I get really, really jealous of parents’ relationships with their kids even when they’re arguing because I really want that sort of bond and to know that even if someone is angry at you at that particular moment, you’re still their parent and there’s still an unconditional bond there which won’t go away just because they’re upset. I’m not being naive or thinking that parenting is easy or anything like that; I just really, really want to be a parent. I’m 30 now and have wanted kids for years, and I’m starting to realise I probably won’t ever have them which hurts so much just to think about and I really, really don’t want it to be true.
I also know though that it would be selfish to go through with the fostering application knowing that it could be potentially damaging for a child or young person who’s already vulnerable to have a foster carer with (apparently) clinically significant mental health issues so I have to respect and accept the decision of fostering services even though I am really upset about it. I’m not angry with them at all- they need to prioritise the needs of young people and I completely understand that, but I am frustrated about the system and how I’m seen as not “mentally stable” enough to be a foster carer. The main issues brought up in the medical report and in discussion with fostering services were emotion regulation issues relating to ASD (the GP said that he wasn’t confident I’d be able to have enough emotional empathy or understanding to fully support a child with emotional issues) and having a “long-standing eating disorder” which is a factor that has impacted on occupational health in the past and I have no idea what I’m meant to be about it. Yes, I have had an eating disorder for the last 17 years but I haven’t been an inpatient in ten years, I eat regularly even if it is only certain foods and I am a ‘healthy’ weight.
I know I still have some issues around food and eating but it’s definitely not obvious and it’s mostly the bitch in my head shouting at me 24/7 which is the problem and not the actual behavioural/physical side which I’ve learnt to manage pretty well over the last few years and I’m not exactly going to vocalise the bitch’s words to a young person I’m caring for. And to me, it’s not as potentially risky as someone who drinks alcohol regularly or smokes (for example) which is totally socially acceptable. It’s also frustrating because ED services won’t work with me anymore because it’s ‘chronic’ and my weight’s stable so I don’t meet the criteria for ED services but it’s still seen as a medical issue that stops me from being able to do things that I’m most passionate about like having/looking after children, working with young people in mental health services or being a teacher? I have no idea what the solution is and if anyone has any experience of this, please feel free to email me on rainbowsandrecovery@gmail.com!
Really sorry that this seems to have been a mostly ranting post and haven’t even got round to trying to define ‘recovery’ properly yet. Will shut up now and save that for another post… Thanks for reading 🙂Our Team
Our Medical Providers Believe That Relationships Matter
At Generations Family Practice,. This is why our medical providers.
Nurturing a Sound and Beneficial Doctor-Patient Relationship
While we make it a priority to focus on building great doctor-patient relationships with our patients, here. At any time you may also message one of our providers through our Patient Portal.
- to share with your physician during your appointment. Your medical history is important, so come prepared.
Schedule an Appointment Today
We offer a wide range of services listed here. Simply fill out the Appointment Request Form to your right. You may also call us at 919-852-3999 or email us at info@GenerationsFamilyPractice.com with any questions or to schedule an appointment. We look forward to working with you!.
“The characters, artists and storytellers that make up Cartoon Network Studios and Warner Bros. Animation are some of the strongest in the industry,” said Sam Register, President of Warner Bros. Animation and Cartoon Network Studios. “While each studio continues in the footsteps of their own proud legacy, they unite with a shared passion to create programming that will draw in audiences of all ages and be the engine that drives WarnerMedia to the top of the kids and family space.”
New series greenlights to reach all kids and families include:
Ben 10 specials – Produced by Man of Action (Big Hero 6, Generator Rex), three 44-minute specials based on the hit Cartoon Network series Ben 10 are set to premiere in April 2021. The first, Ben 10,010, Armor –. The series is created by Diego Molano and produced by Cartoon Network Studios.
New projects in development for kids and families include:off.
--
About Cartoon Network
Cartoon Network is a division of WarnerMedia and the #1 global animated series network, offering the best in original content for kids and families with such hits as Ben 10, Craig of the Creek, DC Super Hero Girls, Steven Universe, The Amazing World of Gumball, Teen Titans Go!, Victor and Valentino, and more. Seen in more than 185.. Website: HBOMax.com.
About WarnerMedia Studios and Networks
WarnerMedia’s Studios and Network Group unites all of the company’s content-focused teams, including. The Studios and Networks Group represents an unmatched collection of world-class brands and content creators.Port Lympne Reserve
Lympne Zoo/Port Lympne Reserve/Port Lympne Wild Animal Park
Lympne Zoo is located new Hythe in Kent and is set in 600 acres of Kent countryside. It incorporates the historic mansion and landscaped gardens designed by architect Sir Herbert Baker for Sir Philip Sassoon during the first World War.
I had the pleasure and privilege to be invited along by a friend of mine, who was going to be a keeper for the day. (They do allow people to do so at a cost, and it's all properly supervised and safely carried out).
The park is large, with many enclosures. As part of the day (inclusive in the price) you may go on one of the excursions around the park. These are properly enclosed vehicles, pulled by large lorries, and which allow visitors amazing access to the animals. It is well worth a visit.Kentish Photography - Living Still Images15 Results Found
Search Results
28.188283,-80.592818Contingent
Status ContingentListing Price $1,499,900
951 Highway A1APh1, Satellite Beach, Florida FL 32937
3 Bedrooms
3.1 Total Baths2,510 SqFt0.840 Acresr681453129
28.149882,-80.635757Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,499,900
2625 Pineapple Avenue, Melbourne, Florida FL 32935
3 Bedrooms
3 Total Baths2,387 SqFt0.650 Acresr681453129
27.914327,-80.519572Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,499,000
6240 Highway 1, Grant Valkaria, Florida FL 329491,152 SqFt4.410 Acresr681453129
28.356594,-80.726517Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,499,000
200 Willard Street, Cocoa, Florida FL 329229,850 SqFt0.750 Acresr681453129
28.387462,-80.601247Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,499,000
400-402 Jackson Avenue, Cape Canaveral, Florida FL 329204,368 SqFt0.290 Acresr681453129
28.186043,-80.626719Pending
Status PendingListing Price $1,495,000
9570 S Tropical Trl, Merritt Island, Florida FL 32952
3 Bedrooms
2 Total Baths3,089 SqFt2.630 Acresr681453129
0,0Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,495,000
000 Confidential Street, Palm Bay, Florida FL 329055,202 SqFt1.210 Acresr681453129
28.161731,-80.672679Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,485,000
3370 N Wickham Road N, Melbourne, Florida FL 329353,465 SqFt1.380 Acresr681453129
27.737594,-80.388419Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,480,000
40 Strand Drive, Vero Beach, Florida FL 32963
3 Bedrooms
3 Total Baths3,001 SqFt0.070 Acresr681453129
27.737594,-80.388418Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,480,000
20 Strand Drive, Vero Beach, Florida FL 32963
3 Bedrooms
3 Total Baths3,001 SqFt0.070 Acresr681453129
28.035771,-80.608857Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,475,000
2145 NE Palm Bay Road NE, Palm Bay, Florida FL 329057,260 SqFt3.270 Acresr681453129
28.383666,-80.603289Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,475,000
271 Taylor Avenue, Cape Canaveral, Florida FL 329200.860 Acres$5Kr681453129
28.383664,-80.603289Active
Status ActiveListing Price $1,475,000
271 Taylor Avenue, Cape Canaveral, Florida FL 329205,995 SqFt0.860 Acresr681453129
28.319477,-80.6083Contingent
Status ContingentListing Price $1,450,000
41 N Atlantic Avenue401, Cocoa Beach, Florida FL 32931
3 Bedrooms
3 Total Baths2,336 SqFtr681453129
29.12975,-80.962335Pending
Status PendingListing Price $1,450,000
4022 S Peninsula Drive, Wilbur by the Sea, Florida FL 32127
3 Bedrooms
2 Total Baths1,974 SqFt2.770 Acresr681453129
{"action":"https:\/\/search.brevardhomesandcondos.com\/idx\/results\/listings","hiddenInputs":"<input name=\"start\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"1\" \/>\n<input name=\"hp\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"1499999\" \/>\n<input name=\"lp\" type=\"hidden\" value=\"1450000\" \/>\n","maxPerPage":100,"per":"50","currentPage":1,"lastPage":1,"path":"https:\/\/search.brevardhomesandcondos.com\/idx\/results\/listings?per=50&start=%25start%25&hp=1499999&lp=145<<It seems that each Wednesday, when I look at my WIP, I have less and less to show for a week’s sewing!
Here’s my WIP report for this week:
No progress:
Unicorn Stars Quilt
Flora Quilt
Started:
1
Finished:
1
This week’s stats:
Completed projects – 1
New projects – 1
Currently in progress – 2
This Drunkard’s Path mini is all I have to show for this week.
I decided to make it because I came across TNT Thursday recently and I thought (this is TTT as well!) it was a great idea. I usually aim to try something new each time I quilt, which hasn’t been too hard for me so far because I’m quite a newbie at quilting and not particularly prolific. I like to work like like this because it’s a good learning curve and gives me an excuse for not being perfect – who expects to make something perfect on their first attempt! Perhaps the longer I go on the harder it will be to find new things. Or perhaps, if I go on forever there will be always more to learn – I hope so. The drunkards path mini was my first attempt at drunkard’s path blocks (and first curves except my Christmas table runner swap). It was also the first time I tried hand quilting solely for texture, rather than a sort of embroidery. I used a fairly random all-over running stitch and I found the coloured segments ended up a bit bulgy although they had started flat before the quilting…I still have a lot to discover before I can quilt with intent, rather than just stitching and seeing what happens.
What have you been thinking about this week? Have you tried something new?
29 thoughts on “Something New”
Benta At SLIKstitches
Learning curve? Was the pun intended? LOL, the block is lovely though, but I couldnt see the quilting, going to show us?
(always new things to learn, isnt it fun!!!)
Cindy
You mini is fantastic!
~Carla~
I love it!! If you're gonna show just one thing, at least it's awesome! :)
Patti
Your mini is fantastic, Janine. I didn't even realize it was a DP until you said! Your colours are always so bright, cheerful and eye-catching. I couldn't see the hand quilting very well, but it looks great.
Samantha
Love the rainbow DP- how lovely!
Jessica
Love the mini — great colors!
Teresa Felgueiras
Great mini quilt. Love the solids, a true rainbow.Drunkard's path is one of my favorites.
Collette
cute mini love it and the stitching detail x
Kelly Smith
Great job on those curves!! I love the rainbow mini, right up my alley! You definitely don't look like a beginner quilter! Great job!
Kelly
Quality not quantity and that is one for pretty mini :)
Sana Saroti
I think you did great! Rainbows are always good!
Crafty Bags
I love the mini curves and colours.
Melissa Corry
Your mini looks awesome and your curves are perfect!! Excellent!! I am so glad that you were encouraged to Try New Things. That is what TNT is all about :)
Pat
I just love your quilts. They always make me smile!
Cherie
Looks great, the colours are so bright and summery! Love the quilting design! =D
Charlotte
Love love LOVE those colors!
Izzy
Oh wow – such beautiful colours. Your mini is awesome!
Connie
Beautiful mini quilt! Thanks for sharing!
The Nifty Stitcher
Great little mini – a few of these together would look fantastic as a big quilt!
M-R
Janine, I love it. You did a great job with the quilting. Just beautiful. Yay, for trying something new! Thanks for linking up to TGIFF!
Kristy QP
Love this mini! It's very sweet and definitely a perfect way to try out something new!
Krista
Just lovely! The hand quilting is to die for, go you!!
Kelli
Love bright rainbow-y colors!! And your quilting is great. :o)
OksanaB
I've never seen this type of quilting block before. I like it a lot! The colors are so bright, lovely! Thank you for sharing!
mammafairy
I love your mini drunkards path , the colours just sing!
The quilting looks good too.
Fiona @findingfifth
Well done on an eye-catching mini quilt. I have not done curves yet…but for something new and different I learned to sew a zip for the first time this weekend. Thanks for posting at TGIFF…nice to link up with you.
Katie
I love this, Janine! Great hand quilting and use of colors. I also try to learn something new with each project, though I don't think I always succeed at that.
Richard Healey
love the block
Erin @ Billy Button Design
Janine your mini quilt is fantastic. Lvoe the colours and curve!Lava Shell Massage ∙ Troy Ohio
Lava Shells are Clam Shells harvested from the Pacific Ocean. Islanders would use them for food and then throw them away. PerfectSense Professionals found a way to recycle them into the world's most powerful heated massage tool. These shells require no electricity or equipment to heat, they are filled with a self-heated technology and heat for up to 45-minutes.
Melting Experience
When using the Lava shell you will experience a deeper heat than you would with Hot Stones. Unlike Hot Stones the Lava Shells sustain heat for up to 45-minutes. Hot Stones stay hot to warm momentarily. When you incorporate Lava Shells to your massage you are creating a melting experience for your body. The heat opens up the muscular tissue and allows fresh blood flow through vasodilation (widening of the blood vessels). Incorporate Lava Shells into a 60 or 90 minute full body massage and melt your cares away! They are simply the best in my opinion! For more about the Lava Shell Product go to:
Benefits of Lava Shell Massage
An increase in extension of soft tissues
Removal of toxins from cells
Enhanced blood flow
Increased function of tissue cells
Relaxation of sore, stiff muscles
Relief of painful arthritic jointsShowing 1–16 of 60 results
2018 Oates Award Banquet Co-Sponsorship$200.00 Add to cart
2018 Oates Awards Banquet Table Sponsorship$175.00 Add to cart
2019 Oates Award Banquet Co-Sponsorship$500.00 Add to cart
2019 Oates Awards Banquet Table Sponsorship$175.00 Add to cart
A Multidiscipline Approach to the Opioid Addiction Crisis$25.00 Add to cart
A Pharmacological Overview of Opioids$25.00 Add to cart
A Physician’s Perspective on Spirituality in Palliative Care$25.00 Add to cart
Addressing the Opioid Crisis – An Overview$25.00 Add to cart
An Introduction to Trauma-Informed Resiliency Care$25.00 Add to cart
Broken – My Opioid Story with William Moyers$25.00 Add to cart
Buddhist Mindfulness & Contemplation$25.00 Add to cart
Cross Cultural Communication in Spiritual Care$25.00 Add to cart
Curbing Opioid Addiction$25.00 Add to cart
Dancing Standing Still: Healing the World from a Place of Prayer$25.00 Add to cart
Encountering the Culturally Diverse$25.00 Add to cart
Envisioning the Future of Spiritual Care (3 of 4)$25.00 Add to cartEarly Life Nutrition
Enabling infant formula to hold more of the health benefits of mother’s milk
''Breastfeeding always provides the best nutrition for infants”
The benefits of breast milk are well known. Mothers of course want to give their babies the very best. But, the reality is that not every mother can breastfeed, either exclusively or at all.
Human milk, the only substance that evolved to both feed and protect us, however seems to contain a treasure trove of medicines just now being unlocked by scientists.
At the forefront of breast milk’s potential lies a diverse set of sugar molecules called Human Milk Oligosaccharides (HMO).
Milk contains a treasure trove of bio-active molecules
In addition to nourishing a baby with milk fats, proteins and ordinary sugars such as lactose, breast milk harbors complex HMO sugars that a newborn largely cannot digest.
These Human Milk Oligosaccharides (HMOs) are diverse, biologically active components that beneficially modulate the infant microbiota as well as gut health, immune system, and support neurological development.
Over 150 types of these oligosaccharides, formed by various combinations of five basic sugars help cultivate an infant’s microbial garden and provide many indirect benefits.
“Prebiotic effect: feeding the good guys”
Healthy, full-term, breast-fed infants tend to have a gut microbiota dominated by various species of the oligosaccharide-consumer Bifidobacterium.
These ‘good’ bacteria are consuming some of the Human Milk Oligosaccharides, giving the good guys a leg up over the less desirable ones.
Newborns with a healthy gut microbiome are apt to thrive and may more easily fend off potentially pathogenic microbes and viruses.
More than prebiotics …
Advanced defense against bad microbes
Disease causing microbes can attach themselves onto cells of a newborn’s intestines by binding to sugar-rich receptors that cover these cells. Once attached, the pathogens can colonize and infect the tissues.
But Human Milk Oligosaccharides found in breast milk can act as decoys, snagging undesirables and tagging them for removal. Another defense involves oligosaccharides inducing cells to populate their surfaces with unwelcoming receptors by modifying which genes get switched on in the cell nucleus. This thwarts pathogen binding.
Breast milk vs. cow’s milk oligosaccharides
Oligosaccharides are at least 20 times more abundant in human breast milk than of cow’s milk, making it difficult to use cows as a source of these protective sugars.
But also many of the oligosaccharide structures found in human milk are essentially absent or exist in only trace amounts in bovine milk.
Fucose, a monosaccharide that in human milk adorns up to 70 percent of oligosaccharides, tending to lend them pathogen-blocking powers. The fucosyllactoses, most notably 2′-fucosyllactose are therefore a prime target for large scale production to make infant formula much more like breast milk.
The Inbiose difference …
Inbiose is already making it possible to produce large quantities of HMOs enabling supplementation to infant formula, with the goal of supporting the gut microbiota composition and developmental outcomes more similar to that of the breastfed infant.
INNOVATE WITH US
We are committed to developing valuable carbohydrates ingredients and unlocking a plethora of innovations in the areas of nutrition, health, life sciences and beyond …This style carpet coordinates with any interior/exterior. The high UV polypropylene construction provides excellent durability. Shaw's classic.
This ribbed rubber backing. This carpet comes with a 3-year indoor/outdoor warranty.
This carpet is available in a 12’ width and any customized length. If you don’t see your length listed on our webpage, please call 1-800-336-0520 to place your custom order.A Book Review
Daniel Fusco’s new book, Honestly, gets straight to the heart of the matter when he writes at the outset, “But life’s messiness isn’t just the negative headlines—it’s everything that keeps us unbalanced. Life is extraordinarily unpredictable. Things happen that we can’t fathom—some of which we choose, and some of which are chosen for us.”
With this premise as a backdrop, Honestly, looks at the book of Ephesians to the rhythm of John Coltrane’s legendary album, “A Love Supreme”.
Daniel Fusco’s musical background as a bass player and lover of all things Coltrane sets the content of the book in the four movements of Coltrane’s album: Acknowledgement, Resolution, Pursuance, and Psalm.
If you are a musician, you’ll love the upbeat language and the structure of each section. Questions at the end of each section of the four parts are labeled “riffing” and each of the parts’ summaries is entitled “coda”.
Even if you have never been a musician or a lover of Coltrane, you will discover a no nonsense journey of walking through the messiness of life with Jesus minus easy religious platitudes as Fusco makes it clear that life will always be messy.
Acknowledgment looks at the need to face the reality of the mess both outside of us and within us. It looks at the straight hard truth that when the messiness of life collides with the God who reigns over the mess, we have questions. The author gives great scriptural examples such as what Mary and Martha experience when Jesus doesn’t show up when their brother, Lazarus, is sick.
“Life is messy, and sometimes it feels like Jesus is the one doing the messing.”
Fusco doesn’t shy away from acknowledging that the Lord’s purposes and plans sometimes don’t run in the same direction as our desires. He also offers the remedy for such mess as grace and peace from Paul’s words in Ephesians 1:2. I especially loved how he broadened my understanding of the word peace.
Fusco shares that peace is a more complicated than thinking it is just the absence of conflict. He states, “The best way to understand biblical peace is with the Hebrew word shalom, which means both “peace” and “to join.” The implication is that when something is separated, or broken, it needs to be fixed.” So really shalom is putting things back together and isn’t that what we need when we are broken by the messiness of life?
Acknowledgment ends with some of these words by the author:
“So instead of using a magic wand to wave away all our external trouble, God’s after something deeper. It’s something we’re all deeply familiar with: a journey. Journeys have ups and downs, highs and lows. But we take them for a reason: to get somewhere we want to be.”
Entering Part ll, Resolution, Fusco brings us the good news of the resurrection and the truth that Jesus makes dead people (those lost to sin) alive. He also reminds us that some of the messiness of life is pure evil and that is when Jesus, the warrior, brings all authority in heaven and earth to confront it.
Nevertheless, in this life, the mess will never go away. Life means walking through the mess with Jesus at our side.
When we arrive at Part lll, Pursuance, Fusco brings us the reminder and hope that Jesus rules over the mess. Jesus also works in and through the mess outside of us as well as within us. As Fusco says,
“We can’t go around the mess because the mess is everywhere: relationships, jobs, hobbies, churches, governments, nature, school”
Even as Ephesians talks about our walk with the Lord, Fusco uses his musician’s background when he says, “As we walk the bass line of our lives, we either create a context in which others around us can flourish, or we detract from their opportunity to do that.”
Part IV, Psalm, the author takes us to the foundation of it all: love. Near the end he quotes John Coltrane:
“May we never forget that in the sunshine of our lives, through the storm and after the rain—it is all with God—in all ways and forever.”
This book can appeal to many, but would uniquely speak to musicians!
The author, Daniel Fusco, is lead pastor of Crossroads Community Church in Vancouver, Washington.
Tyndale through the BlogNetwork, in exchange for my review, provided this book, published by Navpress. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255 : “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”The Euro Lotteries Union and market giant Clinical Games don’t include on the net lotteries from their explanations. We could debate the which means, yet there is no fighting the truth that the industry is booming. Study coming from Concordia School shows a definite online casino canada reporting a considerable improve, with poker at the leading of this list in 145% supercharge in gamer numbers. Most beneficial on the internet casino rating web sites in Canada also show a rise in the online traditional casino sector as being up 77% compared to last year.
I just study a critique that Luxury Gambling establishment supplied a $1, 000 bonus offer on 10th 5 build up and even if I was a bit dubious about it, I wanted to test it out. Therefore , I made a very earliest deposit and received $150 in extra, which allowed me to attempt diverse online games and get into that Vegas anticipation that we each and every one appear to get in any online casino.
Most of these casino web sites Canada thoroughly maintain underneath scrutiny for the sake of its citizens. From the standpoint of law-abiding Canadian people, one can unhampered browse through a sea of gambling parlors to choose from. No one particular remains the immune system when he attempts blackjack for the first time, so the the majority of effective casino sites would be irrational if they will wouldn’t involve it to their catalog. Business possess some mystical energy that comes into life though playing with them although black jack comes as the same with its slick mechanics which hold a single in the toes repeatedly. These keen with attraction for evaluating some cards counting tactics can strive them first handed in any new Canadian on the web betting house but only if they are knowledgeable adequate. These kinds of procedures call for meticulous schooling plus a knowledge of this game’s mechanics.
Email, phone and reside chat are all selections to appear to, when you’re looking for your best location to experiment with on the net. Aspect games are not to be missed if you want to win a whole lot more cash and freebies. Playing a uncomplicated side game can easily land you up to 150 of more without charge spins, more cash prizes, as well as loyalty points to add to your account.
Most Effective Assessed Canadian On-line Casinos In
Yggdrasil unveiled this position game in 2016, and it transformed the life of yet another on the internet video games fan when he won actual money. Employ your match bonuses wisely in Canadian online internet casinos – in case you play intended for true cash, expect bonus deals on the initial few deposits. Utilize them wisely, they usually could be the trigger you need to have to get playing online. Corporations like NetEnt and Microgaming will be trustworthy wager computer software services and exact moguls of enterprise as they provide you with the most effective scratch cards as well as slots and scuff card games. Bonus deals are a big component of the complete gambling encounter you get when getting into any betting site.
How We Discover And Rank Difficulties Casino Internet Sites
Effectively, you can’t need to search any further mainly because we are devoted to providing each of our guests with rankings, rankings, testimonials and common facts about the finest Canadian On the web Internet casinos. More than the past decade, we’ve been creating a a single particular-of-a-type standing method to allow our players uncover internet casinos with unparalleled reliability. The on the web gambling marketplace is regulated by a quantity of distinctive bodies. Gambling jurisdictions are essential to the regulation of the market. These are regions in which governments have passed laws which in turn legalise gambling and the supply of on the internet wagering solutions.
Finest Roulette Internet casinos In Canada
Reliable casinos normally post their very own licensing data for the players to see even though sketchy scammers usually cover up that data. In our overview, we put in an individual all list of licensed traditional casino web sites by Malta Video games Authority and approved by the UK Gambling Commission payment. The excellent news for Canadian players is that the Kahnawake Gaming Percentage also permit casinos. Canada, it is completely legal meant for players to gamble at on-line internet casinos.
#10 20bet Casino
Make an impression our industry experts, the modern casino need to provide VIP strategies, frequent competitions and frequent no deposit bonus deals. If these are featured, put into effect into consideration the net page among the list of ideal on the web internet casinos Canada has to give. Make use of this tool to evaluate bonuses by different on the internet casinos and stick with the casinos which have the fairest betting needs.
Why exactly should Really Canadians Play For On Line Internet casinos
The betting house software program in casino sites must be perfect notch plus the game pay out prices must be verified. You’re right here to help you enjoy playing in the best on the net casinos in Canada. To find these types of, our industry experts check out the benefits for Canadians before suggesting any gambling site. We really like alternatives like toll-free support numbers, large jackpots, pleasant bonuses, Canadian banking alternatives and of course game assortment, particularly the prime slot machine game games in Canada. Our government bodies will for no reason recommend an on line casino or perhaps sports betting web page unless it offers the very best possible gambling practical experience. To play gambling establishment games with real money, you can will need to deposit revenue into your casino bank account. The greatest Canadian gambling web pages accept a lot of distinctive repayment methods to ensure that players include lots of selections to decide on from.
Do The Top Internet casinos In Canada Include Loyalty Applications?
Armed with this kind of facts, you will be in the most beneficial spot to find the perfect within the internet casino for yourself. If you have gone to all the work of obtaining and exploring a new casino online, then it isn’t really unreasonable to actually want them to offer you one thing backside for all your do the job. So , it is only fair if they give you a few decent deals for joining them. You now understand how to pick the recommended on the internet casino guide and how you can play intended for improved earnings and far a higher price awards. Use the critiques and reward gives learned on this site to get started with your personal journey into the planet of on the internet modern casino gaming.
At times possessing a great overcomplicated internet site has a detrimental impact on the gaming working experience. Thus, we advise that you check the on line casino web page completely and make sure you could conveniently run in between different sections of the casino. A casino site really should present an straightforward creating an account process with speedy and uncomplicated types to fill in, several repayment selections because effectively a navigable internet casino lobby. Picking a casino that provides the suitable video games and bonus deals tailored to your thing of playing is quite crucial. Jackpot Commune welcomes fresh players having a substantial 200% up to C$1000 provide offered when depositing for the initially time, as well as 30 cost-free spins! All you have to perform is signup with Goldmine Village betting house, confirm the specifics, and make your primary deposit.
On the internet gambling is a lot of exciting, in particular if you take location to win. There are folks who wind up spending as well a great deal some dollars in casino video games, and they get into troubles such as debts. A further banking process out there to Canadians is financial institution transfer, also identified as a wire transfer. This is an attractive secure way of transferring funds to and from the casino bill.
The outcomes are in… The professionals currently have brief stated the 3 best Canadian on the internet internet casinos. Days of utilizing Flash technology in video game improvement are extended departed, with casinos now adopting the a lot-improved HTML5 tech. Video game developers who have are but to embark on using this no-so-new technologies hazard being bankrupt by the end of 2020, so naturally, we go for people with adapted. HTML5 is fantastic for portable compatibility, which can be essential for casinos as they progress towards a mobile-driven economy. Playing for money on the net can be tons of fun, health and fitness center there is usually a possibility you could possibly drop. For those who have any concerns about problems gambling, please get support at BeGambleAware. org.
Best rated Canadian Online Casino Slots
You can simply decide if you are profitable at the conclude of the practice session by hunting at the volume of cash you may have. YES, you can also get lots of customer loyalty applications to benefit from. On the web casinos like Zodiac Casino and Yukon Magic Casino at this time reward players with trustworthiness points so as to maintain all of them interested. It is a way to earn procuring and added rewards with every single spin or round you play.Abstract
Earthquake catalogs are probably the most informative data source about spatiotemporal seismicity evolution. The catalog quality in one of the most active seismogenic zones in the world, Japan, is excellent, although changes in quality arising, for example, from an evolving network are clearly present. Here, we seek the best estimate for the largest expected earthquake in a given future time interval from a combination of historic and instrumental earthquake catalogs. We extend the technique introduced by Zöller et al. (2013) to estimate the maximum magnitude in a time window of length Tf for earthquake catalogs with varying level of completeness. In particular, we consider the case in which two types of catalogs are available: a historic catalog and an instrumental catalog. This leads to competing interests with respect to the estimation of the two parameters from the Gutenberg–Richter law, the b‐value and the event rate λ above a given lower‐magnitude threshold (the a‐value). The b‐value is estimated most precisely from the frequently occurring small earthquakes; however, the tendency of small events to cluster in aftershocks, swarms, etc. violates the assumption of a Poisson process that is used for the estimation of λ. We suggest addressing conflict by estimating b solely from instrumental seismicity and using large magnitude events from historic catalogs for the earthquake rate estimation. Applying the method to Japan, there is a probability of about 20% that the maximum expected magnitude during any future time interval of length Tf=30 years is m≥9.0. Studies of different subregions in Japan indicates high probabilities for M 8 earthquakes along the Tohoku arc and relatively low probabilities in the Tokai, Tonankai, and Nankai region. Finally, for scenarios related to long‐time horizons and high‐confidence levels, the maximum expected magnitude will be around 10..
Yes, there was some very poor defending from the broken down side, visiting Estadio Azul. It was already 4-1 at that stage in favor of La Máquina, easily overcoming their 1-0 loss in the first leg.
Hugo Mariano Pavone scored twice through the first 23 minutes, but a late first half goal by Benny Feilhaber for the visitors made for an interesting second half, supposedly. Pavone completed his hat trick in the 55th minute to give Cruz Azul the edge once more, before the goals from Mauro Formica and Gimenez finished the job, sending Kansas City back home in humiliating fashion.
Cruz Azul, the #2 seed in the quarterfinals will now play against Tijuana in the semifinals, while another Mexican team, Toluca, are waiting for the winner between Alajuelense of Costa Rica and Árabe Unido of Panama.It was another glorious evening of multimedia marvelousness. The 6th Annual Backyard Booty at Nelson’s Capitol Theatre. A sold out crowd was treated to a diverse line-up of film shorts, slideshows and storytelling. Presenters like Lifecycles, Freeride Entertainment’s Jeremy Grant, photographers Dave Heath and Kari Medig combined with the some youngblood talent to make for one of the best Booty’s ever. Stay tuned as we upload some of the shows to a fancy pants new website.
- The directed storytelling competition was a real hit
- KMC Editor and Booty host, Mitchell Scott gets roasted
- Looking back on the Capitol CrowdGrab a friend, a bike, a paddle or a pair of hiking boots and get outside. Take your dog on a long walk around Glen Alton. Saddle up your horse and go for a day’s ride around White Cedar Horse Camp or take to the water in a canoe or kayak for a little “me” time.
Save
Save
Save
The New River Valley of Virginia is home to the counties of Floyd, Giles, Montgomery, and Pulaski, as well as the City of Radford. This trail guide highlights trail adventures to explore in our region. Link to Guide
The magnificent New River Water Trail glides long and clean through Giles County for 37 beautiful miles. Opportunities abound in the diversity of good wholesome family recreation. The New River is unequaled in its ability to provide a superb family vacation setting along with top quality fishing..
Approximately 50 miles of the historical Appalachian Trail passes through Giles County, which offers hikers easy access to this nationally acclaimed hiking trail that runs through the county seat of Pearisburg, the Town of Narrows and Mountain Lake Conservancy.
About 150,000 visitors a year visit the Cascades. Without question, Cascade Falls is one of the most beautiful waterfalls in Virginia and possibly on the entire East Coast. The 69 ft. falls crash into a large pool surrounded by two hundred foot cliff walls from which large ice formations hang in the winter..
The New River is regarded as one of the top smallmouth rivers in the country and one of the best overall fishing rivers in Virginia. Giles County also boasts several top trout streams that are stocked and ready. All you need now is someone to help you get started. Our Outfitters and Guides have been voted as Best of Virginia. Check them out..
Find out about Hunting Licenses here.
Find out where you can hunt here..
Whether it’s camping along the New River for paddling and smallmouth bass fishing, Big Stony for trout fishing, the Appalachian Trail for hiking, or Jefferson National Forest for just kicking back and relaxing, Giles County has something for every campers needs…including horses. Find a campground right for you.
Visit Giles for off and on road motorsports adventure. GearHead Moto Tours can be your all-inclusive dualsport trip to Giles. What this means is that your riding gear, dualsport motorcycle, meals, lodging, and fuel are provided. Whether you are hardcore and want to go on an Adventure Survival Tour or if you are looking to be pampered in one of the upscale lodging offerings, they’ve got the tour for you. More off road adventure available at the 40+ miles of trails at Kairos Resort. They have scenic vistas, camping, and birding adventures on property too!
Among the experiences to discover, add to the list u-pick pumpkins, farm-to-table dining, farm tours, and farmers markets. The Blue Ridge to New River agritourism venues and experiences are bountiful in Giles County. Blue to New experiences are designed to bring you and your family closer to the agricultural community while you’re visiting. Blue to New was developed as a regional project to market the areas agritourism operations, festivals, and events. The program was funded by a regional grant through the Governor’s Agriculture and Forestry Development Fund. Enjoy Doe Creek apples, Spruce Ridge Tree Farm, of the farmers markets in Pearisburg and Narrows for a taste of the Blue to New – a different way to love the NRV!
In Giles County, the majestic New River has depth ranges from a few inches to a maximum of over. Current state records that have been caught in the New River include muskellunge (45 lbs. 8 oz.), smallmouth bass (8 lbs. 1 oz.), hybrid striped bass (13 lbs.), and walleye (15 lbs. 15 oz).Willie Nelson talked a bit about his new job on Wednesday night’s episode of the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon — he’s named himself the Chief Test Officer of Willie’s Reserve, his marijuana company. Considering the singer-songwriter has been smoking weed for about double the time I’ve been alive, I trust him to get the job done. But Willie, if you’re reading this (and he is) just know, I am also available for the position.
While discussing the latest special issue of Rolling Stone on weed, which features a great cover photo of a smiling Willie surrounded by smoke, Willie mentioned of the strains he encounters at his new job, “I haven’t run across any that I didn’t like!” We bet. Willie also mentioned that marijuana saved his life, which is normally met with an eye roll but in his case, it sounds like there is a lot of truth to that.
“I used to smoke two or three packs of cigarettes a day and drank whatever there was there to drink and I had pneumonia for or five times, my lung collapsed, I almost died, so I said, ‘wait a minute, I ain’t getting that high off of Chesterfields’ so I throwed out the cigarettes, rolled up 20 joints, stuck it in there, and I haven’t had a cigarette since” Willie said, followed by a round of applause.
According to the American Cancer Society, almost half of the deaths from 12 different types of cancer are attributable to cigarette smoking and include cancer of the liver, colon and rectum, lungs, oral cavity and throat, esophagus, larynx, stomach, pancreases, bladder, kidney, cervix, and acute myeloid leukemia. The American Cancer Society recognizes that while some of the same harmful substances can be found in marijuana growth, scientists have reported that THC and other cannabinoids slow crown and or cause death in certain types of cancer cells.
So get a gram or two of legal weed ASAP and maybe also try to become an international recording star so that you can one day have your own weed brand and name yourself chief tester.Sandymount Community Services and NewsFour are looking for candidates with CE and management experience to apply for the position of CE Supervisor.
Duties include:
- CE administration, payroll and financial management.
- In-house training and sourcing external training for the 25 participants as per individual learner plans.
- Managing the production of bi-monthly newspaper NewsFour.
We are looking for an empathetic manager with professional business skills, some sales knowledge and an excellent command of the English language. A background in editing or publishing would be advantageous.
To apply please send CV and cover letter to:
The Chairperson,
Sandymount Community Services,
13A Fitzwilliam Street,
Ringsend,
Dublin 4Sonicor Stainless Steel Tabletop Ultrasonic Cleaner, 3.5 Gal. Capacity, 60 Minute Mechanical Timer, S-300T,. Tank Dimensions:12.5 × 11.5 3.5 Gal, S-300T" is in sale since Monday, August 12, 2019. This item is in the category "Business & Industrial\Healthcare, Lab & Dental\Medical & Lab Equipment, Devices\Other Medical & Lab Equipment". The seller is "getmed0nline" and is located in Medford, New York.This item can be shipped worldwide.Please wear a face mask at all times while on bus. Please note that boarding will not be permitted without a face mask.
Eating is prohibited on the bus. Please refrain from talking loudly on the bus.
Please disinfectant your hands and fingers before boarding.
Temperature screening will take place before boarding. If 37.5 degrees Celsius or higher, boarding will not be permitted.
Please contact us if you have been infected with COVID within two weeks of returning home from your travel here.
This system continually brings fresh air into the bus.
* If vehicle is a passenger van, air ventilation will take place every 5-10 minutes.
The inside of our buses are coated with the ANTIBACTERIAL・DEODORIZING・ANTIVIRAL agent "delfino".
To prevent spread of COVID-19, we at Good Sports, are implementing the
「 7-point Preventive Measures 」
as prescribed by the Hokkaido Government.
+1. Hokkaido coronavirus notification system QR Code will be displayed for easy use. ※Registration with Denso-Wave needed for QR Code use.
Good Sports (Hokkaido Ground Service)Explore CAAMA
CAAMA Filter
Click filter name to remove
- Clear All
- National Museum of African American History and Culture only
- place: "Francis Street and Wylie Avenue, Hill District"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Photography"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Film and Video"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Audio Recordings"
- online-visual-material: true
- unit-code: ("NMAAHC")
- place: "Allegheny County"
- topic: "Photography"
- place: "Pittsburgh"How Global Business Leaders Can Take Action Against Racism
Racism exists everywhere. What are practical actions global business professionals can take against racism? How can we create safe spaces and move from sympathy to effective change for a racially just workplace?
The first mistake as a global business leader would be to assume that the trauma of George Floyd’s painful murder is restricted to the US. The second mistake would be to assume that it does not affect you or your business. And the third mistake would be to feel powerless, even though there is so much we can do in business to stand up against racism.
Meanwhile, across the globe, millions of Black people and their rights advocates are pained, heartbroken, angry and exhausted. The wounds of racial injustice towards Black people are not new, but centuries-old.
And yet, Black professionals globally are expected to just deal with this collective trauma, part of the systemic and institutional racism pervading our structures, and to show up to work with a positive and productive attitude as if nothing happened.
While a few companies are starting to express their solidarity, many are still silent, often out of fear of saying the wrong thing. But corporate silence and inaction are part of the problem. As leaders across all levels, there is a responsibility to affirm the psychological and physical safety of Black professionals at work, and to use one’s privilege to make a difference against all racism.
So how can we address these issues, especially as non-Black professionals in a global workforce? Remember though, you don’t need to be a leader to make a difference.
1. What not to say
- Don’t start with saying you can’t believe what’s happening or that it can’t be real. This is offensive as these incidents are not new, as public academic Rachel Cargle highlights on Instagram.
- Don’t ask Black people to educate you or advocate for justice initiatives, unless you hire them to do so. Black people are tired of carrying the burden of solving problems just because you’re not putting in the work yourself. So keep reading here, keep learning.
- Don’t tell Black people how to feel or that they are too aggressive / emotional / sensitive when they talk about the issue. This is called tone policing and should be avoided.
- Don’t say you don’t see colour, unless you are actually colour-blind of course. Acknowledge our differences as human beings, and along with that, the hardships Black people face because of those differences. The goal is not to stop seeing colour, but to stop making decisions based on colour. Otherwise, how can we fix a problem (racism), if we don’t see it in the first place? Great graphic here.
- Don’t say all lives matter. Of course they do and saying Black Lives Matter is not contradicting that. Black Lives Matter simply puts focus on who is currently hurting the most and who has not yet fully been included in “all lives”. See this burning house analogy video and this NYT article.
- Don’t become too defensive. Addressing these issues is not a personal attack on you. When talking about white privilege, for instance, it’s not judging you or negating your hardships; it simply points out that your hardships are not based on the colour of your skin. As another example, refrain from focusing on the riots and civil unrest, if you don’t understand their reason. Instead, redirect your focus to the actual problem of systemic racism.
Sieh dir diesen Beitrag auf Instagram an
[SWIPE] For the month of June, we will get real, raw, honest and uncomfortable about our biases. Nothing is off limits. In order to rid the world of the ugliness of racism, many people need to come to terms with their complicity in white supremacy and oppression. #letstalkbias #blacklivesmatter
2. Listen & educate yourself as an individual
- This is not about you. Listen, show empathy, and if you need help, hire professionals. And remember: “Anti-racism work is not self-improvement work for white people. It doesn’t end when white people feel better, it ends when ‘black people’ are liberated.” Rachel Cargle
- Acknowledge your privilege. It all starts with some uncomfortable introspection, no matter how well-meaning you are. Be honest to yourself. How are you profiting from white supremacy and white privilege? Are you aware of the struggles of Black people? How do you perceive Black people, at work, on the street, as friends, romantically? Not just POC; Black people specifically.
- Educate yourself on racism and what you can do to change it. Reading / watching / listening list below. You can also do this in a group setting to hold each other accountable.
- Want some guidance? You can follow Tayo Rockson’s #LetsTalkBias challenge in June for daily reflections and weekly lives: LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, his blog, and podcast, so follow along and let’s get to work!
- You will say and do the wrong thing. When you are called out on it, apologise, learn and move forward. “The beauty of anti-racism is that you don’t have to pretend to be free of racism to be an anti-racist. Anti-racism is the commitment to fight racism wherever you find it, including in yourself. And that’s the only way forward.” Ijemona Oluo.
Another challenge? Choose one book from this selection and start reading and reflecting. #stepbystep #youcandoit
3. Create safe spaces at work
- Don’t ignore what’s happening. Take initiative and promote real conversations about racism. If you’re not in a leading position, consider using this template letter to contact your manager and ask for accountability.
- Check in and create safe spaces for your Black colleagues. As a leader, you don’t need to be the hero here. Be effective: Acknowledge what’s happening and get the ball rolling by starting the conversation.
- Lead the conversation for the whole team and don’t single out Black colleagues in front of everyone to ask how they are or what you should do. This only puts them on the spot. Instead, approach your whole team to address what’s been going on. Acknowledge how it can be hard to separate these things from work and share what you hope to achieve. Then open up an hour in your schedule for private meetings. Let your team know that you care and that your door is always open to talk and hear suggestions. Examples of what to say here.
- Consider a mental health break for your Black employees. They may have been crying, grieving and feeling anger and loss. You can ask how they are and if they have all they need, individually, but if they don’t want to talk, that’s okay too. Everyone is affected differently. Understand if they are quiet at work and offer them a break.
4. Speak up and amplify Black voices
- Speak up publicly to let your Black colleagues, clients, stakeholders and partners know you stand with them. Make your white network understand that silence is part of the problem. Have the conversations at the dinner table too. We’re keeping with our motto here: Using our privilege to make a difference.
- Speak out when you hear racist comments and jokes, even if it’s from your CEO or client. Yes, this requires courage, but that’s a good thing, isn’t it?
- Be vocal about lack of diversity, inclusion and representation. Speak up for Black colleagues passed over for promotions, for example. Your voice matters.
- Use your privilege and voice to amplify other voices and share spaces and opportunities. Amplify stories of Black people by liking, sharing, commenting, and provide larger platforms for people who are speaking out. Be inclusive online, at work, at events.
- Support the people you are learning from. Buy books from Black authors. Share their work.
- Donate to organizations fighting for the cause and strengthen initiatives across sectors.
In moments of injustice, Danielle adds, your voice needs to be heard, especially in your sphere of influence. You don’t have to wait until you’ve amplified before you speak out.
5. Transform long-term: Business taking action against racism
- Create a corporate culture of understanding. Your non-Black employees should be aware too. How are you reminding them about bias? What can your company do against racism and to promote justice in the community? Find creative solutions together. It takes discomfort to truly address these issues, but the reward — maximizing everyone’s potential at a safe workplace and increasing engagement with real meaning — is worth it.
- Understand the microaggressions going on within your company. Have you ever considered this issue? How is it affecting your employee motivation and retention? How are you creating psychologically safe spaces?
- Practise Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in your organization and invest in training. Inclusion not only fosters innovation and motivation, but is a human rights issue.
- Diversify your talent. What are you doing to find, promote, reward and value diverse talent? This is a great long-term solution for business to take action against racism. Work harder to support initiatives and seek out a diverse workforce from junior recruitment to leadership succession.
7. Stay vocal about racial injustice
- Once the voices on social media get quiet again, don’t stop your efforts. Unlearning racism and biases and standing up for justice is a life-long commitment, and one worth the effort, both professionally and personally. You will not only find more justice, but more empathy, compassion and strength in your life and the lives around you.
Promoting racial justice is not restricted to the US and certainly not to Black people. Business can take action against racism too. Leaders globally on every level can stand up for equal rights and equal opportunities, starting from within themselves.
While it is a time for grief, it is also a time for change.
What will you do?
Resources
BLACK VOICES ABOUT THE CURRENT WORKPLACE
Forbes: Dear White People: Here?
YOUR WHITE PRIVILEGE EDUCATION: A START
Tayo Rockson’s #LetsTalkBias daily challenge in June 2020: Follow along on LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, his blog, or podcast!
(German): derStandard: RassistInnen, das sind die Anderen
(German): Buchempfehlungen
TED: Why we need to call out casual racism
DW: George Floyd killing opens racism wounds for European Blacks
European Network Against Racism
THE BUSINESS CASE FOR DIVERSITY
HBR: Getting over your fear of talking about diversity
McKinsey Report 2020: Diversity Wins: How Inclusion Matters
HBR: Toward a Racially Just Workplace
VGL Forum
Join our virtual VGL Forum, an open space online to discuss leadership issues with experts, share solutions and enhance leadership skills across industries.
Kadidja is a digital marketing manager and project coordinator at Vienna Global Leaders. She has experience in journalism, content management and web design. She holds degrees in English and American Studies and in International Development.
Kadidja is a digital marketing manager and project coordinator at Vienna Global Leaders. She has experience in journalism, content management and web design. She holds degrees in English and American Studies and in International Development._4<<
Vienna Global Leaders by Eunepa
Opernring 1 / Top R748
1010 Vienna, Austria
T: +43 1 996 2078
E: info@viennagloballeaders.com
Trackbacks/PingbacksNowadays, the signing of certain legal documents governing people’s matrimony is common in the United States, and Missouri is not an exception. The Missouri prenuptial agreement form is a popular example.
Regardless of the state, prenuptial agreements relate to partners’ ownership of properties and serve various purposes. With a free printable prenuptial agreement form, also referred to as a prenup, you can avoid a time-consuming procedure of splitting properties if your marriage comes to an end.
Build Your Document
Answer a few simple questions to make your document in minutes
Save and Print
Save progress and finish on any device, download and print anytime
Sign and Use
Your valid, lawyer-approved document is ready
You can also define how to dispose of assets if you or your partner dies or becomes disabled due to severe illness or an accident. Finally, these agreements can regulate your daily income and expenses if you include related provisions in the document.
Among the matters people usually cover in such agreements, one may find:
While prenuptial agreements outline every detail about your finances and tangible items, they never regulate children’s support and parenting. If the marriage ends, these issues are decided in court.
There has been a recent trend towards the creation of prenups. Before the nineties, some states considered such agreements void. Now, these legal papers are an acceptable way of protecting your properties, especially if you are significantly wealthier than your partner or you both own multiple assets and have incurred numerous debts.
When partners finish working on the template, both of them have to sign the form. Although it is rare, some states require a notary public agent to verify the form to make it effective. Another option is to call a witness to sign the document. If signatories are willing to correct the document, they can sign additional papers that prove their wish and describe the corrections.
With our form-building software, you can generate the Missouri prenuptial agreement form effortlessly. After getting the file, the only thing you should do is define the conditions that suit you as a family.
Remember that you should create your agreement in conformity with state law. Proceed to the next part to get an overview of the Missouri state laws on the topic.
Popular Local Prenuptial Agreement Forms
Laws describing prenuptial agreements in Missouri are brief since the state has not approved the uniform act regulating such documents, commonly enforceable in many other American states. So, there are only a couple of provisions linked to prenups. Some norms are taken from court precedents.
Section 451.220 of the Missouri Revised Statutes makes it mandatory for future spouses to sign prenuptial agreements, notarize them, and ask at least one witness to append their signature.
A prenuptial agreement in Missouri is enforceable if:
The agreement becomes valid once a couple officially gets married.
You may face the court’s refusal to consider your contract if it contradicts the law in any way. Another reason to void the contract is its unconscionability.
As we have stated before, your prenup may cover only the matters linked to your properties or liabilities. These matters include everything regarding:
Bear in mind that no provision related to your children can be added to such an agreement.
Below are some other Missouri forms downloaded by FormsPal users. Try out our simple builder to customize any of these documents to your requirements.
Other Prenuptial Agreement Forms by StatePledged: 45 Dozen Cookies, Need 100 Dozen
We are getting closer to our goal of 100 dozen cookies. These treats will bring holiday cheer to four local nonprofits: the Center for the Homeless, Hope Ministries, St. Margaret’s House, and Youth Service Bureau/Safe Station. Please consider making a pledge! Cookies do not have to be Christmas-themed.
EASY COOKIE DROP OFF: Committee members will be waiting outside the Eck Visitors Center to receive your cookies (where the buses pull up) on the morning of Wednesday, December 12th. Drivers can pull up between 7:45 AM – 8:15 AM and make a speedy cookie drop-off. In addition, all are welcome to join volunteers at 5:00 PM at the Eck Center to assemble trays of treats.
Please email katie.rutledge@nd.edu with the number of cookies you plan to bake or if you’d like to help assemble trays.
Still More Gifts to Buy for Seniors
University Relations has committed to sponsor 35 senior citizens as part of the “Elves for Elders” program—a sizable part of the 400 people REAL Services is hoping to assist this Christmas. Each client has 3 – 5 tags labeled with wish list items from nightgowns to bed sheets. There are still approximately 40 out of 125 tags that have yet to be selected. We appreciate your consideration in helping with this UR-Division-wide service effort. Gift collection will continue until noon on Monday, December 10th.
If you have questions, please contact the representative in your area. Pick up a tag at the following locations:
405 Main Building, Christmas tree in kitchen – Roberta White
5th Floor Grace, front desk/ reception – Rachel Hughes or Carol Bradley
10th Floor Grace, table near Candace’s desk – Sharon Rankert
11th Floor Grace, Angel’s desk – Angel Hess
Eck Center, Christmas tree in lobby – Katie Rutledge
ESC, Christmas tree in café – Kris Machalleck, Beth Ferlic, Huyen Lee
Thank you to gift delivery volunteers!
Thank you so much to the UR colleagues who volunteered to deliver gifts for REAL Services. Sixteen volunteers stepped forward to drive and our group supplied at least one volunteer for each of the 5 counties supported by REAL Services.Smith Floor Works is located in Orange County of New York state. On the street of Seward Road and street number is 78. To communicate or ask something with the place, the Phone number is (845) 355-3646.
The coordinates that you can use in navigation applications to get to find Smith Floor Works quickly are 41.3964733 ,-74.4396019
There are no reviews yet!
You can review this Business and help others by leaving a comment. If you want to share your thoughts about Smith Floor Works, use the form below and your opinion, advice or comment will appear in this space.KAN-TECH RUBBER INDUSTRIES - Manufacturer,supplier & trader of steam hoses,rubber hose and stainless steel hoses based in Ahmedabad,Gujarat,India.These hoses are praised for their tough construction,leak proof nature,resistance to wear & tear.
INDIA TYRE & RUBBER CO. (INDIA) LIMITED - is a leading Exporter, Manufacturer, Distributor, Supplier, Trading Company of Rubber Adhesive , Air Pump Hoses, Anti Vibration Mountings from Kolkata…
Find the top flexible hoses dealers, traders, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers & suppliers in Kolkata, West Bengal. Get latest & updated flexible hoses prices in Calcutta for your buying requirement..
Heading: Braided Hoses, City: Kolkata, Results: IH Bakir and Company, Involvements: Nylon Tubings Canvas Hoses Delivery Hoses Rubber near me with phone nuer, reviews and address.
India Oil seals & Synthetic products in one of the leading companies manufacturing varies types of rubber products based in Kolkata. India Established in 1966 as a small unit manufacturing Q – rings and oil seals, we have come a long way and now offer a diverse range of rubber products like conveyor Belts, Rubber Hose, Composite Hose, Sheets
Red Low Pressure Non-Conductive Steam Hose 100psi This textile reinforced steam hose is an excellent flexible light weight hose for transferring steam in medium temperature appliions that require an electrically non-conductive hose. Construction: Tube: Red EPDM rubber Reinforcement: Plies of fiberglass tire cord Cover: Smooth Red weather and
Duratuf’s rubber steam hose is manufactured as per the latest International and Indian specifiions and is available in premium and superior grades. In case your requirement doesn’t match our specifiion, please. contact our sales team to check for available custom grades/customization.
Punjab Hydraulics Pvt. Ltd. is a leading Manufacturer Exporter & Supplier of Hydraulic Rubber Hose in Kolkata West Bengal India, Exporter of Hydraulic Rubber Hose in West Bengal, Wholesale Hydraulic Rubber Hose Supplier in Kolkata, Hydraulic Rubber Hose Manufacturing Company in India.
Business listings of Carbon Free Hose manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in , along with their contact details & address. Find here Carbon Free Hose suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Carbon Free Hose prices for buying.
Established in the year 1997, at Kolkata, (West Bengal, India), we “M .P. Traders”, are a Proprietorship Entity, affianced in Manufacturing and Trading a wide range of Hose Pipe, Rubber Sheet, Transmission Belt, Seals And Gaskets, Solid Tyres, Rubber Strips, Rubber Pad, Rubber Diaphragm and Skirt Rubber. Under the excellent direction of our Mentor “Mahabir Prasad Poddar (Proprietor
Your #1 Source for Supplies of High Quality Stainless Steel Flexible Hose Pipes, Braided Pipes in kolkata – BUY NOW!. An ISO 9001:2015 Certified Company, Metline Industries is a prominent manufacturer, exporter and supplier of stainless steel flexible hose pipes, PTFE hose pipes, and teflon hose pipes in kolkata.We can offer stainless steel flexible hose pipes in grade 304/304L, 316L with
Carbon Free Hose Pipes. Get Price Quote. The company is a well-known Manufacturer, Exporter and Supplier of Carbon Free Hose Pipes in Durgapur. The Carbon Free Hose Pipes are carbon-free Hose Pipes with pressure range from 2 kg-20 kg and a temperature of 100 o C. The Carbon Free Hose Pipes are available a range of 12.
Parekh Brothers is a leading Manufacturer of Hose Asselies as like High Pressure Hoses, Hydraulic Hoses, Spiral Extra High Pressure Hoses, Low Pressure Moulded Hoses, High Temperature Rubber Steam Hoses and Water Blast Hoses
Business listings of Pneumatic Hoses manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in Kolkata, West Bengal along with their contact details & address. Find here Pneumatic Hoses, suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Pneumatic Hoses prices for buying.
Bright Asbestos Rubber Company - Offering Steam Hose Pipe, स्टीम होस, Hydraulic Fittings in Market, Kolkata, West Bengal. Read about company. Get contact details and address| ID: 12927646897
ASHA Industries is reputed company. Mfg. Hoses, S.S Wire Braded hoses, S.S Bellows, S.S PTFE Bellows, PTFE Hoses, S.S Flexible Hoses, Corrugated Hoses, S.S Hydraulic Hoses, Rubber Hoses, High Pressure Hydraulic Hoses & Asselies in an ultra Modern unit in GIDC Ankleshwar,Gujrat. Under the Strict Supervision and Qualified Team. …
Find here fire hose pipe dealers in Kolkata with traders, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers & suppliers. Get best price deals on fire hose pipe in Calcutta, West Bengal.
Find the top gates hose dealers, traders, distributors, wholesalers, manufacturers & suppliers in Kolkata, West Bengal. Get latest & updated gates hose prices in Calcutta for your buying requirement.
We manufacture 88 MM & 90 MM Carbon free hoses in Kolkata suitable for any induction melting /heating equipment as per our standard or customized design. which ultimately reduce lot in terms of power consumption. Hose pipe being used is non conductive rubber and covered by fire retardant thermal insulated cloth.
6 Inch Steam Rubber Hose - China Manufacturers, Factory, Suppliers. We take "customer-friendly, quality-oriented, integrative, innovative" as objectives. "Truth and honesty" is our administration ideal for 6 Inch Steam Rubber Hose, Clear Air Hose , Jackhammer Air Hose , Hose Pipe For Hot Water , Hose Paip Air . We have been in operation for
Steam Hose. ₹ 650/ Piece Get Latest Price. Backed by our rich industry knowledge of supplying a premium gamut of Hoses, we are pleased to offer Steam Hose. It is manufactured using premium inner tube that is designed to withstand saturated steam and high pressure with single and double wire braid reinforcement, for reinforcement with sturdy outer
Steam Hose Description: The steam hose main purpose is to convey saturated steam and super-heated steam at a high working pressure and temperature. The pressure range of the hose is from 100 PSI to 250 PSI dependent on the type of the hose and appliion.
These AMS Steam Hose are suitable to use in industry to transfer steam at high temperature. Krishna Enterprise Tiretti, Kolkata No. 18, Rabindra Sarani, Poddar Court, Gate No. 4, 1st Floor, Room No. 5, Tiretti, Kolkata - 700001, Dist. Kolkata, West Bengal
Kolkata > Industries > Chemical Hoses in Kolkata > 50+ Listings Rubber Hose Manufacturers, Carbon Free Hose Manufacturers, Powertech Engineers, Steam Hose Manufacturers, Water Hose Manufacturers. Phillips Carbon Black Limited. Netaji Subhas Road. 31, Netaji Subhas Road, Pin Code: 700001, KolkataBibliography
Export 19 results:
Filters: Keyword is Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay [Clear All Filters]
2014
Antibody against immunoglobulin E contained in blood components as causative factor for anaphylactic transfusion reactions. Transfusion//Transfusion. 2014;54(8):1953-60.
2012
Severe nonfebrile dengue infection in an adolescent after postoperative kidney transplantation: a case report. TransplantProc. 2012;44(1).
2011
2009
Detection of sub-clinical CWD infection in conventional test-negative deer long after oral exposure to urine and feces from CWD+ deer. PLoS One. 2009;4(11):e7990.
West Nile virus transmission via organ transplantation and blood transfusion - Louisiana, 2008. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2009;58(45):1263-7.
2004
Ocular manifestations of dengue fever. Ophthalmology. 2004;111(11):2057-64.
2002
Blood-bank testing for infectious diseases: how safe is blood transfusion? Trends Mol Med. 2002;8(7):355-8.
2001
Disseminated toxoplasmosis after bone marrow transplantation: report of 9 cases. Transpl Infect Dis. 2001;3(1):24-8.
Testing of corneoscleral discs and their culture media of seropositive donors for hepatitis B and C virus genomes. Graefes Arch Clin Exp Ophthalmol. 2001;239(10):783-7.
1995
A controlled study of hepatitis C transmission by organ transplantation. The New England Organ Bank Hepatitis C Study Group. Lancet. 1995;345(8948):484-7.
Poor correlation between reactive syphilis serology and human immunodeficiency virus testing among potential cornea donors. Am J Ophthalmol. 1995;119(1):1-6.
1993
Chagas' disease can be transmitted through kidney transplantation. Transplant Proc. 1993;25(6):3259-60.
Liver disease and HCV infection after transplantation of organs from hepatitis C antibody positive donors. TransplantProc. 1993;25(1 Pt 2):8.
Transmission of hepatitis C virus with solid organ transplantation: incidence and clinical significance. TransplantProc. 1993;25(1 Pt 2):6.
1992
Incidence, prevalence, and clinical course of hepatitis C following liver transplantation. Gastroenterology. 1992;103(1).
1991
Toxoplasmosis and heart transplantation. J Heart Lung Transplant. 1991;10(4):608-10.
1989
Immune monitoring during retreatment with OKT3. Transplant Proc. 1989;21(1 Pt 2):1753-4.
1987
Human immunodeficiency virus transmission by organ donation. Outcome in cornea and kidney recipients. Transplantation. 1987;44(1):21-4.
Unusual complication in a patient with renal transplantation: cerebral cysticercosis. Nephron. 1987;45(1):65-7.This is $700 worth of framed 5 cent pieces. My weight in 5 cent pieces. This piece is a response to the Australian Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation, and Financial Services Industry which uncovered the widespread greed that has suffocated the financial sector for decades; a systemic issue that resulted in the GFC. This piece aims to represent how society lauds money in today's culture.
Collectively and individually the coins are worth less than the structured frame holding them which is glorified in brutish gold, yet they remain entwined, trapped in an eternal bond controlled by agency individuals of the populace will never hold.
The $7 prototype was made in 2016 before the full piece was developed and fabricated in 2018.
Fabricated by Antons Mouldings.
Approximately 47cm x 136cm x 15cm and >80kg.
Approximately 47cm x 136cm x 15cm and >80kg.Javascript must be enabled to use this. Learn how to enable Javascript
Hi!
I am Michael Nasser and you are viewing my Refocus Marketing calendar. I am so looking forward to meeting you and discussing with you some cost-effective digital marketing techniques that your business needs to keep those bookings coming in and for you to win new patients. Just choose your preferred schedule and I'll be in contact in no time. If you would also like, you can send questions ahead to michael@refocusmarketing.com.au or you may also visit our website.Our preschool programs are designed to fit the learning style of preschool-aged children. Classes are taught in an inquiry-based, hands-on atmosphere. Our objective is to bring out your preschoolers’ natural curiosity and increase their understanding of the world around them.
Our programs are typically 45 minutes in length. Most preschool programs include a take-home project. Each preschool group will receive an age-appropriate planetarium show included with the purchase of an on-site Learning Lab program.
Learning Labs that are available for traveling science outreach programs are indicated with an asterisk (*).
Bubbles
Get ready to get messy with this hands-on investigation into shapes, colors, and sizes of bubbles! Students will experiment with our custom bubble liquid to identify where bubbles occur and how we can test the strength of their films.
Float Your Boat*
Why do some objects sink and some objects float? Your students will find out as they make predictions and test different materials to see what sinks and what floats. Students will build and test their own boat to apply their understanding of why certain objects float, then see what happens when they add cargo to their creations.
Gravity Games*
Investigate how objects move by racing to the end of your very own slide! Students will work together to discover how gravity affects falling objects and think about how to change the speed of a toy figure on a slide of their own construction.
I Want to be an Astronaut*
Learn how astronauts live and work in space. Learn about gravity and how rockets launch astronauts and their cargo into space. Students will make a twirly spacecraft and we will launch a mini-rocket in class!
Let’s Get Buggy*
Learn about crickets, bees, and butterflies! Your students will learn all about crickets and why pollinators like bees and butterflies are important to our environment. Students will create pollinator flowers and simulate how bees help our gardens grow before making a model cricket to take home.
Wild Weather*
Follow the life cycle of a cloud as it experiences the entire water cycle, and make your own model cloud. Learn how to measure water and make your own cloud frame to track the weather where you live!
Van Halen is to Rock ‘n’ Roll as Cadillac is to automobiles. It is one of the most popular bands ever to perform in the country, and is still going strong 40 years later. It is known as one of the best bands ever to come from a garage-band background. Founded by brothers Eddie and Alex Van Halen in their home in Pasadena, California in 1972, the band was one of the top rock acts in the country, and is as popular today as it was then.
Eddie Van Halen is considered one of the best lead guitarists in the history of music by many of his peers, while Alex was a superior drummer. Together, they formed the nucleus of the popular band that also included bass guitarist, Michael Anthony, and vocalist, David Lee Roth. The brothers were born in the Netherlands, and immigrated to the United States when they were children. The two were inseparable, and developed an interest in music in the mid-60s. They formed the band in 1972, using the name Genesis. They later changed the name to Mammoth when Eddie discovered Genesis was already in use. Eventually they renamed the band Van Halen.
According to popular legend, Van Halen was discovered by Gene Simmons of the rock band Kiss, while they were performing at Gazzarri’s on the Strip, a popular spot for heavy metal rock bands in the 70s. They continued to play at gigs throughout Southern California when they released their self-titled debut album Van Halen in 1978. The album peaked at No. 19 on the Billboard list, and the band never looked back. Van Halen’s greatest commercial success was from 1978 through 1985, but their albums continue to sell. It has garnered a cult-like following from several, younger generations of American Rock ‘n’ Roll fans.AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 23, 2021 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ — Kipp Marshall, associate attorney, was admitted to the State Bar of Texas in 2008, and the State Bar of New Mexico in 2020. He graduated from The University of Texas in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology and a minor in History. He attended St. Mary’s University School of Law where he received his Juris Doctor in 2008.
The team at Kelly Legal Group is composed of well-rounded, highly knowledgeable professionals who offer legal representation in a wide range of areas. They do so by providing their clients a comfortable, transparent experience. The new associate attorney is sure to fit in well – and excel – alongside the team.
Having roots within our local Texas communities, Marshall possesses a strong work ethic, a high level of professionalism, and a true desire to handle legal matters for the residents in and around Austin, Texas..
Media Contact
Jeff Kelly, Kelly Legal Group, 512-505-0053, [email protected]
SOURCE Kelly Legal Group
PR Newswire Business News
Grantland Network Podcast: The Jalen Rose ShowAP Photo/Tony Ding
Subscribe to the Grantland Network on iTunes, and check out our podcasts page.
Previously on the Grantland Network:
Men in Blazers
The Basketball Jones
The Hollywood Prospectus Podcast: American Idol Edition
Follow Jalen Rose on Twitter at @jalenrose.
Filed Under: David Jacoby, Grantland Network, Jalen Rose, NBARevDeCo Posted May 6, 2016 Report Share Posted May 6, 2016 Thank you. I actually am, I was never one to use forums but this is one that I actually enjoy and comment on topics. Quote Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
Discovering a top quality affordable web hosting service provider isn’t simple. Every website will certainly have various demands from a host. Plus, you need to compare all the functions of a hosting business, all while seeking the most effective bargain feasible.
This can be a whole lot to type with, specifically if this is your very first time purchasing organizing, or constructing a website.
The majority of hosts will certainly provide very low-cost introductory pricing, only to raise those prices 2 or 3 times higher once your initial call is up. Some hosts will supply free rewards when you subscribe, such as a totally free domain name, or a free SSL certificate.
While some hosts will certainly have the ability to use much better performance as well as high degrees of security. Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
Below we dive deep into the most effective affordable host plans out there. You’ll learn what core hosting features are important in a host as well as how to assess your very own organizing demands to make sure that you can choose from one of the most effective cheap holding carriers below.
Disclosure: When you buy a webhosting package with web links on this web page, we make some commission. This helps us to maintain this site running. There are no extra prices to you whatsoever by utilizing our web links. The listed here is of the most effective affordable webhosting bundles that I have actually personally made use of and also checked.
What We Think about To Be Low-cost Web Hosting
When we describe a host plan as being “Cheap” or “Budget plan” what we imply is hosting that comes under the price brace between $0.80 to $4 per month. Whilst researching low-cost holding providers for this overview, we checked out over 100 various hosts that fell into that price variety. We then analyzed the high quality of their most inexpensive organizing bundle, worth for cash as well as customer care.
In this write-up, I’ll be reviewing this first-rate internet site holding company and also stick in as much pertinent information as possible.
I’ll look at the functions, the rates options, as well as anything else I can think of that I assume could be of advantage, if you’re making a decision to sign up to Bluhost and also obtain your web sites up and running.
So without more trouble, allow’s check it out.
Bluehost Testimonial
Bluehost is just one of the greatest host business in the world, getting both massive advertising support from the business itself and also affiliate online marketers that promote it.
It actually is an enormous company, that has been around for a very long time, has a huge credibility, and is definitely one of the leading options when it concerns webhosting (definitely within the leading 3, a minimum of in my book).
However what is it exactly, and should you obtain its services?
Learn More About Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost Here ->
Today, I will certainly address all there is you need to understand, given that you are a blog writer or a business owner who is looking for a host, as well as doesn’t recognize where to get started, because it’s a terrific solution for that target market in general.
Allow’s envision, you want to organize your sites and make them noticeable. Okay?
You currently have your domain name (which is your website destination or LINK) now you intend to “turn the lights on”. Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
You require some holding…
To achieve all of this, and to make your website noticeable, you require what is called a “server”. A server is a black box, or device, that saves all your internet site data (data such as pictures, texts, video clips, web links, plugins, and also other info).
Currently, this server, has to be on at all times and it needs to be attached to the web 100% of the time (I’ll be stating something called “downtime” in the future).
In addition, it also requires (without getting too fancy and also right into details) a file transfer protocol typically known as FTP, so it can show internet internet browsers your internet site in its designated type.
All these things are either pricey, or require a high degree of technological ability (or both), to create and keep. And you can entirely go out there and also discover these things by yourself and also established them up … yet what regarding rather than you getting as well as maintaining one … why not just “leasing holding” rather?
This is where Bluehost is available in. You rent their web servers (called Shared Hosting) as well as you introduce a web site making use of those web servers.
Given that Bluehost maintains all your data, the business likewise permits you to set up your content monitoring systems (CMS, for brief) such as WordPress for you. WordPress is an incredibly preferred CMS … so it simply makes good sense to have that choice readily available (nearly every hosting company currently has this choice also).
In other words, you no more require to set-up a server and afterwards integrate a software where you can build your content, independently. It is already rolled into one package.
Is it risk-free to have Bluehost care for your web sites?
Well … picture if your web server is in your home. hassles away, and takes care of whatever technological: Pay your server “lease”, and also they will certainly take care of everything. As well as as soon as you acquire the solution, you can after that start focusing on adding content to your web site, or you can place your initiative right into your advertising and marketing projects.
What Services Do You Get From Bluehost?
Bluehost supplies a myriad of various services, but the key one is hosting obviously.
The organizing itself, is of various kinds incidentally. You can lease a common web server, have a devoted server, or likewise a digitalprivate web server.
For the objective of this Bluehost evaluation, we will concentrate on hosting services and other solutions, that a blogger or an on-line business owner would need, as opposed to go unfathomable right into the bunny hole and also talk about the other solutions, that are targeted at even more knowledgeable individuals.
- WordPress, WordPress PRO, and shopping— these hosting solutions are the packages that enable you to host a site making use of WordPress as well as WooCommerce (the latter of which allows you to do shopping). After acquiring any one of these plans, you can start constructing your internet site with WordPress as your CMS.
- Domain Market— you can additionally get your domain from Bluehost instead of various other domain name registrars. Doing so will certainly make it easier to point your domain to your host’s name web servers, given that you’re making use of the very same industry.
- Email— once you have actually bought your domain name, it makes good sense to additionally obtain an email address linked to it. As a blogger or online business owner, you should basically never ever use a totally free email service, like Yahoo! or Gmail. An email such as this makes you look unprofessional. The good news is, Bluehost provides you one free of cost with your domain.
Learn More About Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost Here ->
Bluehost additionally uses dedicated web servers.
As well as you may be asking …” What is a committed server anyhow?”.
Well, the important things is, the fundamental webhosting plans of Bluehost can just so much traffic for your web site, after which you’ll need to upgrade your organizing. The reason being is that the common servers, are shared.
What this indicates is that server can be servicing two or more sites, at the same time, one of which can be yours.
What does this mean for you?
It means that the single server’s resources are shared, and it is doing several tasks at any type of given time. Once your site starts to strike 100,000 site check outs every month, you are mosting likely to require a specialized server which you can likewise obtain from Bluehost for a minimum of $79.99 monthly.
This is not something yous should fret about when you’re beginning however you should keep it in mind for certain.
Bluehost Prices: Just How Much Does It Price?
In this Bluehost evaluation, I’ll be focusing my focus primarily on the Bluehost WordPress Hosting packages, given that it’s one of the most preferred one, and very likely the one that you’re looking for which will fit you the very best (unless you’re a huge brand name, firm or site).
The 3 offered strategies, are as follows:
- Basic Plan– $2.95 per month/ $7.99 normal price
- Plus Strategy– $5.45 monthly/ $10.99 routine rate
- Choice Plus Strategy– $5.45 each month/ $14.99 routine cost
The initial cost you see is the cost you pay upon register, and the 2nd price is what the expense is, after the initial year of being with the firm.
So generally, Bluehost is going to charge you on an annual basis. And you can additionally select the amount of years you want to host your site on them with. Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
If you choose the Basic plan, you will pay $2.95 x 12 = $35.40 beginning today and also by the time you enter your 13th month, you will currently pay $7.99 per month, which is additionally billed each year. If that makes any feeling. want to obtain more than one site (which I very advise, and also if you’re serious, you’ll probably be getting more at some time in time) you’ll want to take advantage of the option plus strategy. It’ll enable you to host limitless web sites.
Learn More About Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost Here ->
What Does Each Strategy Offer?
So, when it comes to WordPress organizing strategies (which are similar to the common organizing strategies, yet are more geared in the direction of WordPress, which is what we’ll be concentrating on) the functions are as follows:
For the Basic plan, you get:
- One internet site just
- Secured site using SSL certification
- Optimum of 50GB of storage space
- Free domain for a year
- $ 200 advertising and marketing credit
Bear in mind that the domains are bought individually from the hosting. You can get a complimentary domain with Bluehost below.
For both the Bluehost Plus hosting and also Choice Plus, you obtain the following:
- Unlimited variety of internet sites
- Free SSL Certification. Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
- No storage space or bandwidth restriction
- Free domain for one year
- $ 200 advertising and marketing debt
- 1 Office 365 Mail box that is complimentary for one month
The Choice Plus strategy has an included advantage of Code Guard Basic Alternative, a back-up system where your documents is conserved and duplicated. If any kind of collision occurs and also your website information goes away, you can recover it to its original type with this attribute.
Notification that even though both plans set you back the same, the Option Plan then defaults to $14.99 each month, normal price, after the set amount of years you have actually selected.
What Are The Benefits Of Using Bluehost
So, why choose Bluehost over various other host solutions? There are hundreds of web hosts, much of which are resellers, yet Bluehost is one select couple of that have stood the test of time, as well as it’s probably the most well known around (and also for good reasons).
Below are the 3 primary benefits of choosing Bluehost as your webhosting provider:
- Web server uptime— your web site will not be visible if your host is down; Bluehost has more than 99% uptime. This is exceptionally vital when it pertains to Google Search Engine Optimization as well as rankings. The greater the better.
- Bluehost speed— just how your web server action determines exactly how rapid your website reveals on an internet browser; Bluehost is lighting fast, which means you will certainly minimize your bounce rate. Albeit not the most effective when it pertains to packing rate it’s still extremely vital to have a rapid rate, to make individual experience much better as well as better your position.
- Unlimited storage space— if you obtain the Plus strategy, you need not bother with how many data you save such as videos– your storage space capacity is limitless. This is actually essential, since you’ll probably face some storage issues later on down the tracks, and also you do not want this to be a hassle … ever before.
Finally, consumer support is 24/7, which implies despite where you are in the world, you can get in touch with the assistance group to repair your web site problems. Pretty conventional nowadays, yet we’re taking this for granted … it’s also really vital. Can You Ahve Multi Site On Bluehost
Additionally, if you’ve obtained a free domain with them, after that there will be a $15.99 charge that will certainly be deducted from the amount you initially purchased (I envision this is due to the fact that it sort of takes the “domain name out of the market”, unsure regarding this, yet there possibly is a hard-cost for registering it).
Finally, any kind of demands after 30 days for a refund … are void (although in all honesty … they need to probably be strict right here).
So as you see, this isn’t always a “no questions asked” plan, like with a few of the other organizing options around, so make sure you’re alright with the plans before continuing with the organizing.OnePlus 5 and 5T receive a new beta build of Android Pie
Last week OnePlus finally outed the first beta build of Android 9 Pie for its smartphones from 2017, the 5 and 5T. And now the company is rolling out a new beta release for the duo, arriving as OxygenOS Open Beta 23 or 21, depending on which device you have.
This is going out to the people who have joined the OnePlus beta track. If you've already flashed the previous Open Beta, you will receive the new build as an over-the-air update. Alternatively, if you'd like to switch from stable Oreo to this release, follow the instructions on this page - but keep in mind that these builds may not be very stable and could contain bugs.
What's more, note that once you migrate to the beta path, you will no longer receive the regular Official Stable OTAs. Moving back to that path requires a full install and clean flash with a full wipe of your data.
The newest Android Pie beta for the OnePlus 5 and 5T comes with the December security patches, optimizations for Face Unlock, and improved color adaptation for the navigation bar. Additionally, issues with the custom accent color not getting applied every second try have been fixed, as have problems with scrolling in the app drawer.Investing in real estate is always a good idea even if the market fluctuates every now and then. You can make good money out of your properties; for example, offer office space for rent situated in a bustling city or perhaps a lovely looking home in the suburbs. The rent rates would vary depending on several factors, such as location and amenities, just to name a few. The average home price in Queensland is at $490,000, while commercial properties are also getting a good deal primarily with the high demand for spaces for rent or lease.
How to Value a Rental Property
Renting a property is a sure-fire way to earn passive income and get the most out of your unit. Setting the right rental price can be a challenge, especially when you do not know much about the matter in the first place. Well, here’s a quick guide on how you can accurately place a rental value on your property:
- Find out the current worth of your property in the market. Keep in mind that the amount can be different from the original amount that you paid for since the real estate market can change from time to time. You can get such information online, or you can hire a property appraiser to give you an accurate assessment.
- Research on rental rates in your area and then assign a relative value on your property. Look out for comparables in the same area and also assess the amenities or features of your rental property.
Factors Affecting the Value of Rental Property
1. Location
This is by far the most important factor that can influence the value of any property. As they say, location is the key, which means that you cannot set a higher rental rate in areas where there is little to no foot traffic.
2. Amenities or Features
If your rental property has many amenities included, then you have the advantage to set a higher rental rate provided that these amenities are not considered very common in most locations.
3. Overall Condition
A well-maintained property can fetch for a good price compared to a unit that has seen better days.
Putting a good price that benefits both you and your future tenants or buyers is what makes real estate. And knowing the full potential of your property not just allows you know what you can do with your property, but it also gives you a better idea of whether or not you should sell it or put it up for rent.
Know the true value of your home with Karalis Real Estate, where dedicated professionals strive to help you become a real estate entrepreneur! Give us a call at +61 7 3343 8000 or visit us at 2/1389 Logan Rd, Mount Gravatt QLD 4122, Australia.RESEARCH at Helena children clinic, Croatia
In December 2011, three motivated parties got together to discuss the possibilities of the first official halotherapy research on children. Those parties were:
- IIRIS Salt Therapy equipment manufacturer Kokkonen LLC
- Natalis Samobor (representative of IIRIS equipment in Croatia)
- „Helena“ children clinic and its doctors, especially Dr G. Gunek Mačukat
Research method: Salt therapy in a salt room
Machines used: IIRIS-35 dry salt aerosol generatorSteam Price - 1 ton Diesel Fired Steam 2020 Gas Prices | Natural Gas High Efficiency Gas cost $5228 on average with a typical range of $2728 and $7735Price depends mostly on READ MORE
best /supplier China best & factory list find qualified Chinese best factories exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-Chinacom /H Biomass Pellet Fired Chain Grate Packaged Steam Fired Steam for Wood Factory
central parts Directory - find 621 central parts from central parts online Wholesalers for your sourcing needs from China
Get a Quote 2000kg/hr steam fired/biomass fired READ MORE 20T Hr Steam - 1 ton Diesel Fired Steam Fire Tube 1t/hr-20t/hr Gas Oil Fired Steam Price - Buy 1t 2t 6t 8t 10t 15t 20t 25t 30t Horizontal Automatic Steam Fired Find Complete READ MORE
Buy high quality Gas Fired Steam by Zhengzhou Co Ltd Supplier from China Product Id 590820
wood steam China Biomass Wood Steam Model NO:DZL4-125-SCI Pressure:125MPa/ 125Bar Steam Capacity: /H Steam Temperature:193°c Feeding Water Temperature:20 oC Designed READ MORE Parker Steam Latest Price &– Getting Started & Next Steps
Factors to Consider When Choosing a Bankruptcy Law Firm
The major cause of bankruptcy is financial mismanagement. In such a scenario, you will file for bankruptcy through a court of law. The bankruptcy procedure is hectic and involves a lot of life-changing decisions. It is mandatory that you hire a law firm with a lot of experience in bankruptcy law to win the lawsuit. your selection of the perfect bankruptcy law firm should be based on the elements mentioned below.
Firstly, you need to assess the market credit of the bankruptcy law firm. You would want to do a background check and understand the bankruptcy law firm’s history. The bankruptcy law firm’s clients’ feedback will go a long way in establishing their expertise. A reputable bankruptcy law firm can blend between customer relations and remarkable legal services. You would also want to hire a bankruptcy law firm with an effective communication system with their clients. You would want approval from a specialist on your choice of the perfect bankruptcy law firm..
Thirdly, you need to evaluate the availability of the bankruptcy law firm. It is necessary that you find a bankruptcy law firm whose working hours are suitable for your program and timelines. You should hire a bankruptcy law firm with few caseloads making him or her divert all the attention to your case hence increasing the likelihood of winning the lawsuit. Moreover, you will need a bankruptcy law firm within your area. This is because the laws vary from different countries and states; therefore, a local bankruptcy law firm will be well-versed your region’s criminal laws. You would be able to save on the transportation costs by choosing a closer bankruptcy law firm.
You will need to factor in the cost aspects of the bankruptcy law firm. Since you are bankrupt, you would not want to choose an expensive bankruptcy law firm. you will need to hire a bankruptcy law firm that you will be able to afford it effortlessly. Despite the bankruptcy law firm is cheap, it should provide exemplary services.
In summary, your choice of a bankruptcy law firm should be based on the tips mentioned in this article.
Why Aren’t As Bad As You Think
What I Can Teach You AboutAppetite busters
off with a glass of water and then see how you feel after 15 minutes.
- Protein rich breakfast. Protein keeps you feeling fuller for longer. and you could end up eating 267 fewer calories during the day. (That’s what happened on days when St. Louis University researchers gave overweight women a high protein breakfast)
- Out of sight out of mind. Keep the most tempting foods out of reach (or best of all, out of the house). I regularly have some baked goodies for the children’s lunchboxes. If the box sits on the counter (next to the kettle!), I’m constantly nibbling. If it’s in the pantry, I forget out it.
- Sleep on it. People who don’t get enough ZZZs experience hormonal fluctuations that can increase appetite. Also, when you’re tired, you’re more likely to reach for that sugar hit to keep you going.
- Trick it. Scientists scanned the brains of people eating different foods and found that the brain reacts to fat in the mouth in much the same way that it responds to a pleasant aroma. So if you feel a craving coming on, apply your favorite scent. It really works – sometimes just taking a few deep breaths as you walk past the bakery (my weakness) is enough to satisfy you.
- Don’t over fill your plate. The more food that’s in front of you, the more you’ll eat. So at a restaurant, try ordering starter sized portions or take left overs home for lunch the next day. At home – serve up in the kitchen and then resist going back for seconds.
- Put it under the lights. You consume fewer calories at a well-lit table.
- Talk it down. Keep the conversation going at the dinner table – it’s rude to talk with your mouth full so it’ll slow you down (and it’s a great way for the family to catch up at the end of the day) We do “what was your best thing and worst thing of the day and what are you looking forward to tomorrow”.
- Sit down to eat and eat consciously – if you sit down with a plate every time you eat, you’ll notice what you’re eating, enjoy it more and get more satisfaction. If snack while you’re standing around doing other things, you don’t notice what you’re eating. This = extra calories without the satisfaction.
- Satisfy it with soup. Start your meal with about a cup of vegetable soup (avoid the creamy variety) and you’ll eat about 20% fewer calories overall.
- Limited choice. Have you ever noticed at a BBQ – put out 4 salads, a potato dish and sausages and meat and everyone tries a bit of everything. Serve just 2 salads, one meat and potato/carb dish and everyone still eats a bit of everything, but less overall.
Oh, and one more thing – this is always worth repeating. Go for unprocessed foods as much as possible and choose lots of different colours (i.e. lots of veggies)
Looking for some nutritious, filling snacks (around 100 cal or 400Kj)? Click here for some of my favsA lot of people loose ethereum fees due to failed transactions. It happened when people tried to stake back in May and now recently when they tried to claim rewards.
I understand the challenge is the high volatility in Ethereum network congestion, and for some transactions the app estimation for gas allocation is not enough.
Not many people understand that, if they increase the gas allocation limit, it returns the unused portion. So there is no harm in setting the limit x2 or x3 the estimate.
I recommend team investigates and increase the gas allocation estimates of app with a fat safety factor and add a note along the lines: estimate gas usage = X, Required gas allocation to execute transaction = X + alpha, Unused gas will be returned back.
If want to be really fancy, the safety factory can be current estimate + 1.5 x standard deviation of last 1 hour.
Even though team has been returning the lost fee (excellent gesture), it leaves bad tastes for users when they see money being lost. Also, having to go through return process is a distraction for the team, which can be avoided.Leadership
Scott Englander
President
As an accomplished and respected expert with more than 30 years of experience, Mr. Englander advises clients in electricity market economics, design, and operation, renewables, transmission, and generation. He brings great depth and breadth of understanding to tackle challenging electricity market issues, with a proven track record of winning client assignments and managing teams to deliver high-quality results.
As President of Longwood Energy Group, Mr. Englander is leading projects to quantify the economic benefits and value of clean and renewable energy investments, develop clean energy technology, and procure energy supply.
Prior to forming Longwood Energy Group in 2012, he served as Director at Charles River Associates for eight years, where he focused on clean and renewable energy, electricity market economics and operations, and energy regulatory and litigation support. While at CRA, Mr. Englander developed and maintained relationships with senior executives in the energy industry to grow CRA's consulting business, created business development opportunities, qualified consulting leads, wrote proposals, negotiated contracts, led consulting engagements, and provided executive oversight on project delivery.
As Vice President of Tabors Caramanis & Associates from 1995-2004, Mr. Englander focused extensively on transmission pricing, contracts, and power market design, while evaluating and shaping the restructuring of the electricity industry. There, he testified as expert witness in a number of large cases involving wholesale electricity and transmission contracts in U.S. and internationally, taught courses on electricity markets for numerous market participants and regulators, and led R&D efforts on price-responsive commercial and industrial control technologies.
From 1990-1994, Mr. Englander was a Senior Analyst with New England Electric System (now National Grid), planning, evaluating, and providing regulatory support for the company's demand side management programs. Prior to joining NEES, he researched and developed building energy efficiency technology at Princeton University's Center for Energy and Environmental Studies.
Mr. Englander has a M.S.E. in Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering from Princeton University, and a B.A. from The Evergreen State College.
Connect with Mr. Englander:Return of the Plumed Serpent is an action and adventure novel. It is written by Graham Hancock in his unique style. The book is chapter 2 of the War God series. The author is known for his unorthodox writing style and trying his pen on ancient history including everything that connects that time to the modern society of today. If you want to know about more quality books from Graham Hancock then you can try the audio versions of Fingerprints of the Gods and America Before.
The narration of this chapter of War God is done by Barnaby Edwards and he was quite spectacular with his performance.
Graham Hancock is considered an expert in ancient civilizations. He has written the popular Fingerprints of the Gods books that have its 9 million copies sold.
Hernan Cortes, the conquistador is dreaming about Tenochtitlan, which is the golden Aztecs city. But, to win the gold of Aztecs, Hernan Cortes along with his small force of 500 men must defeat Moctezuma, a psychotic emperor. This also includes defeating the huge army of thousands of men who he commands.
Costes believes that the enemies of Aztecs would merge with him. But, they discovered him sealed in a deadly struggle. Cortes had no option than to play mind games with Moctezuma. He was looking to defeat Aztec psychologically and much before the time if and when he has to face him on the battlefield.
Return of the Plumed Serpent is a special piece of literary writing by Graham Hancock. It is highly recommended to all book enthusiasts. You will love it even more in the audio version for such a magnificent performance given by Barnaby Edwards.
tokybook.com Member Benefit
- Free 2000+ ebooks (download and online)
- You can see your watched audiobooks
- You can have your favorite audiobooks
Tokybook Audio Player
The Audio Player works best on Google Chrome (latest version)AEM Touch Connector Configuration 5.0x
The following AEM Touch Connector version 5.0 configuration procedures are for AEM 6.4 and higher. If you would like to migrate to AEM 6.4 and be able to use AEM Touch Connector version 5.0, you'll need to follow the procedures below.
If you are still using AEM Touch Connector version 4.0x for AEM 6.3 and lower, consult the configuration procedures here.
This article details the following:
- Delete Smartling's legacy configuration
- Create a new configuration
- Create a translation integration configuration
- Configure Site for Translation
- AEM Touch Context Configuration
- Configure String Sharing
- Configure Fields for Custom Components
- Additional Smartling Configuration<<
If you decide to upgrade from AEM 6.3 or lower, you first need to delete Smartling's existing configuration. If you are installing the AEM Connector for the first time, skip to creating a new configuration.
Delete Smartling's
You can create a new configuration (folder). To do this, open Configuration Browser.
Now you can create a configuration folder where you will add two translation configurations.
- descendant.
AEM Touch the.
To configure string sharing, open the Smartling - String Duplicates Processor.
To access the Smartling - String Duplicate Processor, open
<aem_url>/system/console/configMgr, and click Smartling - String Duplicates Processor (Touch).
Alternatively, open
<aem_url>/system/console/configMgr/com.smartling.aem.connector.core.impl.config.StringDuplicatesProcessor directly.
Send page content with variants
If you want your pages to share strings - to capture a string only once for your whole site and duplicate the translation wherever that string appears, you can enable string sharing by unchecking Send page content with variants.
Use Legacy namespaces
Shares duplicate strings across files of the same page.
Use unique namespaces for Experience and Content Fragments
Sends strings for AEM Experience Fragments and Content Fragments with unique namespace, meaning strings will not be shared. Pages with the same fragments strings can be translated independently and delivered separately.
This option overrides the use of legacy namespace option.
Configure Fields for Custom Components
Create custom components and define these custom component fields as translatable within the Adobe translation framework.
- Go to the Translation Configuration in AEM
- From here, configure each property as translatable, inherit, and define how each property should be parsed by Smartling. For example, HTML components should be parsed as HTML.
For more information, read Content Parsing.
_7<<GUEST CURATOR: Shannon Holleran
What was advertised in a colonial American newspaper 250 years ago this week?
“Powder horns.”
The “Powder horns” near the end of Joseph and William Russell’s full-page advertisement made me curious. I discovered that a powder horn was used for holding gun powder (which the Russells also sold).
Many powder horns from this period have intricate engravings on them. Some people took up horn carving as an occupation. One of the best-known horn carvers of this time period was Jacob Gay, who often carved his initials onto the powder horns he created. Historians are now able to spot the artwork he created by the “J G” engraved on a powder horn.
Many powder horns have specific styles based on the period they were made and the battles that occurred at that time. Powder horns decorated just before and during the American Revolution often indicated New England’s anti-British feelings. Also, many of the engraved horns depicted battles fought during the Revolution. In addition to being used to reflect battles, powder horn engravings were also expressive of camp life during the Revolution.
In the midst of the Revolution, many powder horns were also used as forms of identification. Following the Battles of Lexington and Concord, many soldiers began engraving their names or initials on their powder horns. As a result, historians are now able to identify many of the soldiers who fought in battles of the Revolution.
For more information and examples, see William H. Guthman’s “Powder Horns Carved in the Provincial Manner, 1744-1777.”
**********
ADDITIONAL COMMENTARY: Carl Robert Keyes
Joseph and William Russell’s full-page advertisement, the first published in the Providence Gazette, first appeared three months earlier, on November 22, 1766. Since then, it ran multiple times, either because the Russells were keen on advertising or because Mary Goddard and Company needed any sort of content to fill the pages when faced with the combination of a dearth of new paid notices and post riders carrying news from other colonies chronically arriving too late for any of it to appear in the current issue. As a result, residents of Providence and readers of the newspaper printed there were exposed to the Russells’ full-page advertisement on many occasions.
Due to the prominence and frequency it appeared in late 1766 and early 1767, this advertisement has also reappears fairly regularly as a point of reference when examining other paid notices in the Providence Gazette – or trying to explain the absence of those notices. While the methodology for the project, when strictly observed, prohibits featuring this advertisement a second time, there’s room for making exceptions when doing so yields productive observations about advertising practices and consumer culture in eighteenth-century America.
Shannon is the first student in my Revolutionary America class to take on responsibilities for guest curating the Adverts 250 Project. In turn, this is the first time students in that class have encountered the Russells’ advertisement, giving us an opportunity to discuss what was possible when it came to advertising in the revolutionary era compared to what was much more common. Revisiting this advertisement serves a second pedagogical purpose. For her work in preparing today’s entry, Shannon considered the variety of goods listed in this lengthy advertisement before choosing one to examine in greater detail. In the end, she took a closer look at an item not previously incorporated into the Adverts 250 Project, simultaneously expanding her own knowledge about an aspect of early American material culture and enhancing the project.
Finally, by choosing this advertisement Shannon contributes to an ongoing analysis of the advertising content of the Providence Gazette. This advertisement repeatedly occupied one-quarter of the space in any issue in which it appeared, quite a bit of space for the printers to yield. As mentioned above, Goddard and Company seemed to have difficulty attracting advertisers, especially when comparing their newspaper to counterparts published in Boston, Charleston, New York, and Philadelphia. That is a story that could not be told if the Russells’ full-page advertisement were permanently excluded from further consideration simply because the Adverts 250 Project previously featured it.The latest voting numbers for the MLB All Star Game were released over the weekend and the race in the American League is certainly heating up. Third baseman Miguel Cabrera of the Detroit Tigers is reigning supreme with 4,337,223 votes and on pace to set record numbers for overall votes. Currently Josh Hamilton holds the record for the most All Star votes received at 11,073,744 in the 2012 season. The Baltimore Orioles are making a splash with 4 position players occupying the lead in votes. In the outfield, the battle for the final spot is a close one.
1st Baseman:
Chris Davis of the Baltimore Orioles has a secure spot with 3,960,299 votes, the second most overall votes. Davis is having an impressive season leading the league with 27 homeruns, has 69 RBI’s and is batting a .336 average. Prince Fielder of the Detroit Tigers follows Davis in votes with 2,579,031. Fielder has 12 homeruns, 55 RBI’s, and is batting .275.
2nd Baseman:
Robinson Cano of the New York Yankees is leading the voting with 3,032, 183 votes. Dustin Pedroia of the Boston Red Sox occupies the number 2 spot with 2,135,499. Cano and Pedroia have similar 2013 numbers, Cano with 44 RBI’s and a .278 average, Pedroia with 41 RBI’s and a .305 average, but the real difference comes in the power hitting. Cano has 16 homeruns on the season while Pedroia has 4. Traditionally power hitters draw the most interest from fans.
Shortstop:
While J. J. Hardy of the Baltimore Orioles still holds the lead in votes, Jhonny Peralta has moved ahead of Elvis Andrus in voting. The more deserving short stop is hard to decipher. Peralta has had a fantastic season thus far, batting .331 with 31 RBI’s and 6 HR’s, and only 4 errors on the year. Of Hardy and Andrus, he has the best fielding percentage. However, Hardy is a power-hitting short stop with 14 HR’s. He has 43 RBI’s and a .270 batting average. Hardy has been on a tear as of late and is the reigning Gold Glove winner. A case can be made for either. Currently, Hardy has 2,788,972 votes compared to Peralta’s 1,838,500.
3rd Baseman:
Miguel Cabrera has comfortably claimed a spot on the All Star team with Manny Machado second in voting with 2,097,804 votes. Cabrera is on pace for another career-defining season with 74 RBI’s, 20 HR’s and a .368 batting average. Machado is having a breakout year and may well be the best overall 3rd baseman in the league; however, he plays the same position as the best pure hitter in baseball. Machado has 64 RBI’s, 12 HR’s, and a .299 batting average in 2013.
Catcher:
Joe Mauer of the Minnesota Twins holds the starting spot at 2,788,972 votes. Matt Wieters of the Baltimore Orioles is second with 2,068, 032 votes. Mauer should get the spot as he is having a more consistent season at the plate. Wieters has had an under-performing year, hitting .233 with 37 RBI’s and 9 HR’s, but has thrown out 48% of attempted steals. Mauer is hitting .327 with 25 RBI’s and 8 HR’s, while throwing out 40% of attempted steals.
DH:
David Ortiz of the Boston Red Sox claims the DH spot with 3,247,462 votes (batting .309, 16 HR’s and 55 RBI’s). Lance Berkman of the Texas Rangers is far behind with 1,519, 503 votes. Third in voting is Edwin Encarnacion (1,091,593 votes) of the Toronto Blue Jays who may be more deserving of the spot. While Berkman is hitting .260 with 33 RBI’s and 6 HR’s, Encarnacion is hitting .269 with 59 RBI’s and an impressive 20 HR’s on the year.
Outfield:
With Adam Jones of the Baltimore Orioles and Mike Trout of the Los Angeles Angels looking secure in the first and second outfield spot, 3,571, 693 and 3,548,195 respectively, there is a 3-way battle for the final spot. Nick Markakis of the Baltimore Orioles holds a slim lead at 1,915,860 votes. Close behind him is Jose Bautista of the Toronto Blue Jays with 1,867,367, a lead of only 48,000 votes. This week’s voting update puts him ahead of Torii Hunter of the Detroit Tigers, who currently has 1,851,657 votes, only 16,000 behind Bautista. If Jones and Markakis both get a spot it will be the first time in Orioles franchise history that outfield teammates are selected and only the 17th time in MLB history.
Pitching:
Max Scherzer of the Detroit Tigers has a spotless record in the 2013 season at 11-0, an impressive stat even with the support of the Tigers’ strong offensive line-up. He has also struck out 6 or more batters in each of his 15 starts, the fourth longest consecutive streak. Holding batters to a .192 average, 122 strikeouts, and an ERA of 3.05, Scherzer is a worthy candidate for starting pitcher. Between Scherzer, Justin Verlander, Anibal Sanchez, and Doug Fister, of the Detroit Tigers, AL Manager Jim Leyland has a plethora of options on his own roster. Other candidates for the starting position include Yu Darvish of the Texas Rangers and Clay Buchholz of the Boston Red Sox. Darvish boasts an incredible 143 strikeouts, holds opponents to a .208 batting average, and has an ERA of 2.95. Buchholz has 81 strikeouts, holds opponents to a .195 batting average, with an ERA of 1.71. However, Buchholz is currently on the 15-day DL making his availability uncertain. In relief, Mariano Rivera of the New York Yankees should be an easy selection. Already with 26 saves in 2013, 43-year-old Rivera has 634 regular season saves as well as 4 All Star game saves. Rivera is set to retire after this season.
While securing a spot on the All Star roster is not necessarily an indication of stellar performance on the season (see Derek Jeter who managed to accumulate 819,175 votes) we are looking at a crop of the very best representing the American League.
Voting is open until July 4th. Visit MLB.com to cast your ballot.Bassey named semi-finalist for Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award
February 25, 2021
Prior to tonight’s game at No. 12 Houston junior Charles Bassey was named a semi-finalist for the Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award.
Bassey currently ranks fifth in nation in rebounds per game with 8.44 and then third in the nation with 3.22 blocks per game.
The 6-foot-11 big man also has 12 double-doubles this season heading into Wednesday’s game against the Cougars.
Bassey is averaging 18 points, 11.7 rebounds and 3.2 blocks per game while shooting 61% from the field. The only players in the nation to finish a season with those averages since at least 1992 were Tim Duncan, Chris Kaman and Carlos Rogers.
In four games against West Virginia, Louisville, Alabama and Memphis this season Bassey has averaged 19 points, 12 rebounds and 3 blocks. Now the center will turn his focus on Houston tonight.
Bassey has been named Conference USA player of the week six times this season, tying former Cincinnati star and longtime NBA pro Kenyon Martin for the league record for most in a single season.
Tonights game at No. 12 Houston can be seen on ESPN 2 with a 6 p.m. tipoff.
Sports Editor Nick Kieser can be reached at [email protected]. Follow Nick on Twitter at @KieserNick.GroupFull judgment THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA IN THE SUPREME COURT OF UGANDA AT KAMPALA CRIMINAL APPEAL NO. 0029 OF 2015 (Coram: Tumwesigye; Mwangusya; Opio-Aweri; Mwondha; Tibatemwa-Ekiriikubinza; JJ.S.C) Between BAITWABUSA FRANCIS ............................. APPELLANT And UGANDA......................................... RESPONDENT ( Appeal from the decision of the Court of Appeal of Uganda at Kampala before the Justices Nshimye, Solome Balungi Bossa, Kenneth Kakuru JJA, on the 17th day of February 2015 in Criminal Appeal No.26 of 2011) JUDGMENT OF COURT This is a second appeal which arises from the judgment of the Court of Appeal which upheld the conviction of Baitwabusa Francis (the appellant) by the High Court on five counts of murder and a sentence of life imprisonment on each count. The sentences were to run concurrently. The facts of the case as found by the trial Judge (Chigamoy Owinyi-Dollo, J as he then was) and upheld by the Court of Appeal are that the deceased persons, namely, Kaireta Geoffrey, aged 25 years, Kabajwiga Brenda, aged 20 years, Kisembo Derrick aged 4 years, Disaya Kabajungu, aged 3 years and Amanyire Edward, aged 2 years lived at Kihande I Village, Masindi with Mathew Karubanga (PW2), his wife, Tugume Maureen and his mother, Rose Kabatoro (PW3). On the 8th day of July, 2008 they had all retired to bed when PW2 who was sleeping with his wife in a separate room from that of the deceased, heard a blast from the Television set. He noticed that the house had caught fire and all attempts to open the door were futile because it had been locked from outside. His mother who was sleeping in a separate house raised an alarm which attracted neighbours who removed iron bars from a window through which PW2 and his wife escaped. The deceased were not so lucky. They were all burnt beyond recognition as the post mortem reports on all the five dead bodies indicated. They all died of multiple organ damage due to extensive burns. The District Police Commander Masindi District, Alex Twebaze( PW5) on receiving the report about this incident visited the scene that very night. On reaching the scene he confirmed that five people had perished in the fire and the name of the appellant was being mentioned in connection with the burning of the house in which the deceased persons perished. He, together with the Local Council Chairman, Masindi and PW2 headed for the home of the appellant at Katama village where the wife of the appellant opened for them. The appellant was called out of his house and informed of the allegation that he had burnt PW2’s house in which the deceased were burnt. He was then arrested. He did not resist the arrest. His only response to the arrest was that it was okay. He was taken to Masindi Police Station from where he was later taken to the Chief Magistrate Court where he was charged with murder. He was later indicted in the High Court sitting at Masindi where the prosecution adduced evidence to link him with the offences. The appellant denied the alleged offences. He testified that on 8th July 2008 he had gone to bed at 10:00 p.m. and was sleeping when he was awakened by his wife who told him that someone wanted him. The District Police Commander called him out and placed him under arrest. He was taken to Masindi Police Station where he denied having burnt the house in which the deceased persons died. Norah Kyakuhaire (DW2) in support of her husband’s alibi testified that on 8th July, 2008 she returned home at 6:00 p.m. from school where she was a teacher. She found her husband and children at home and they remained together till his arrest in the night. The arrest of the appellant was prompted by information circulating at the scene that he was not on good terms with PW2 whom he suspected of having a love affair with his wife. The suspicion arose from the fact that PW2 had left a phone with the appellant’s wife for whom he was doing some casual work. According to PW2 and DW2, the phone was a pledge for a sum of Shs20,000/= which PW2 had borrowed from the appellant’s wife. PW2 had also taken a sum of Shs.850,000/= from DW2 on the pretext that he had a cure for her medical condition. These two incidents had soured the relationship between PW2 and the appellant who had allegedly warned PW2 that something was going to happen to him following which his house was burnt. Both the High Court and the Court of Appeal found that the case depended on circumstantial evidence and we agree. Both Courts rightly stated the principles which Courts apply in deciding cases based on circumstantial evidence as was re-stated in the case of Akbar Hussein Godi Vs Uganda (Supreme Court) Criminal Appeal No 03 of 2013) as follows:- “There are many decided cases which set out the relevant principles which Courts apply in deciding cases based on circumstantial evidence. In the case of Simon Musoke Vs R. (1958) E.A. 715 at page 718H, the Court of Appeal for East Africa held that in a case depending exclusively upon circumstantial evidence, the Court must, before deciding upon conviction, find that the inculpatory facts are incompatible with the innocence of the accused, and incapable of explanation upon any other reasonable hypothesis than that of guilt “see also Teper Vs R.(1952) 2 ALL ER 447 . Also see Andrea Obonyo & Others Vs R. (1962) E.A. 542 where the principles governing the application by Courts of circumstantial evidence were considered”. The circumstantial evidence relied upon by the two Courts to convict the appellant consisted of the threat by appellant to do harm to PW2 and evidence that he was seen fleeing from the scene on his motorcycle. The appellant denied both incidents throughout his trial and in his appeal he raises two grounds as follows:- That the learned Justices of Appeal erred in law and fact when they failed to properly re-evaluate the circumstantial evidence on record to come up with their own conclusion. That the learned Justices of Appeal erred in law and fact in upholding an illegal sentence of the Appellant spending the rest of his life in prison (Life imprisonment) which was a manifestly excessive sentence. He prayed that The appeal be allowed. The harsh and excessive sentence of the appellant spending the rest of his life in Prison be set aside or substituted with a lessor (sic) prison term. The second ground is badly drafted. It raises the issue of illegality of sentence related to imprisonment of the appellant for the rest of his life and mixes it with the issue of a manifestly excessive sentence. The prayer seems to abandon the issue of illegality but it is raised again in the appellant’s final submissions. Our observation is that Counsel should take more care in the drafting of the memoranda of Appeal so that there is no mixup of issues on Appeal. Both grounds will be resolved as matters of Law. At the hearing of the appeal the appellant was represented by Mr. Emmanuel Muwonge, Counsel on State Brief while the Respondent was represented by Ms Caroline Nabasa, a Senior Principal State Attorney, Directorate of Public Prosecutions. Both Counsel filed written submissions which they adopted at the hearing of the appeal. On the first ground of Appeal, Counsel for the appellant submitted that both the trial Court and the Court of Appeal correctly observed that the case against the appellant was based entirely on circumstantial evidence because there was no eyewitness who saw the appellant commit the crime. He also acknowledged that both Courts correctly set out the principles that govern the Courts before any reliance can be placed on circumstantial evidence to convict a person. However, he faulted both Courts for having heavily relied on the testimony of PW9 which lacked credibility. According to Counsel, this witness only came to testify after the Court had detained his mother and maternal uncle and his evidence that he had been approached by PW2 with money to testify against the appellant makes his testimony unreliable and should not have been believed. He also could not have identified the appellant in the conditions prevailing on the night he is alleged to have met the appellant riding his motor cycle following the incident. In reply Counsel for the Respondent submitted that the Court of Appeal properly re-evaluated the evidence as required of a first appellate Court and given the strong circumstantial evidence adduced by the prosecution, the appellant was placed at the scene of crime. She submitted that the circumstantial evidence rotated around the grudge between the appellant and PW2 and the evidence of PW9 who met the appellant fleeing from the scene. According to this witness, the appellant was carrying a yellow five liter jerrycan which fell off the motor cycle and he assisted him to retrieve it. He identified him in the process. This Court being a second appellate Court is not required to re-evaluate the whole evidence unless it is found that the first appellate Court did not sufficiently re-evaluate the evidence to draw its own conclusion. This is the position which was stated in the case of Kifamunte Henry Vs Uganda SCCA 10 of 1997 as follows:- “It is the Court of Appeal as the first appellate Court which has duty to re-evaluate consideration of the appeal as a first appellant Court, the Court of Appeal misapplied or failed to apply the principles set out in such decisions as Pandya (Supra) Ruwala (Supra) Kairu (Supra)” In view of the defence of alibi raised by the appellant, it was incumbent on the trial Court and the Court of Appeal to determine whether or not the appellant was put at the scene of crime. The guidelines as to what amounts to putting the accused at the scene of crime were set by the Supreme Court of Uganda in the case of Bogere and Anor (Supreme Court Criminal Appeal No 1 of 1997) where it was held as follows: “What then amounts to putting an accused was at the scene of crime, and the defence not only denies it but also adduces that he was elsewhere at the material time it is incumbent on the Court to evaluate both versions judicially and give reasons why one and not the other version is accepted. It is misdirection to accept one version and then hold that because of that acceptance per se the other version is unsustainable ” As already indicated the case against the appellant is dependant on circumstantial evidence and the question is whether the Courts below subjected it to close scrutiny as is required. The requirement to subject circumstantial evidence to close scrutiny was emphasised in the case of Katende Semakula vs. Uganda (Supreme Court Criminal Appeal No. 11/ 1994) where it was stated as follows:- existing circumstances which would weaken or destroy the inference...” The first piece of circumstantial evidence relied on by both Courts to connect the appellant with the offence was a threat allegedly uttered by the appellant to PW2 on phone. The value to be attached to evidence of a prior threat was discussed in the case of Waihi and Anor Vs Uganda (1968) E.A.278 at p. 280 where the East African Court of Appeal stated:- “Evidence of a prior threat or of an announced intention to kill is always admissible evidence against a persons accused of murder, even amount to nothing. Regard must be had to the manner in which a threat is uttered, whether it is spoken bitterly or of impulsively in sudden anger or jokingly, and reason for the threat, if given , and the length of time between the threat and the killing are also material. Being admissible and being evidence tending to connect the accused person with the offence charged, a prior threat is, we think capable of corroborating a confession ....” (underlining provided) In this case, the appellant denies having made the threats and there was no verification of any telephone contact between the appellant and PW2. Secondly, from our reading of the case of Waihi Vs Uganda (Supra) evidence of prior threat cannot stand on its own. It can only be used for corroboration of other evidence which in this case is that the appellant was not only seen at the scene but was also seen fleeing from the scene on his motor cycle. According to the evidence of PW2 it was his mother, Rose Kabatoro (PW3) who informed people at the scene that she knew the person who had set the house on fire and had seen him jump on his motor cycle and ride away. But the trial judge, rightly so in our view disregarded this evidence when he observed as follows:- “It is easily discernable that the PW3’s Court version alleging that she had identified the accused fleeing from the scene that night was ill contrived. She was evidently influenced to state so, by the ultimatum and threat she and PW2 claim the accused uttered for her family; and given that indeed the tragic fire incident took place within this time. In addition was her claim that she heard some people allege the morning after the fire that the accused had been seen with a jerrycan on a motor cycle fleeing from the scene of the fire. This was, in any case hearsay evidence and inadmissible. PW3’s claim that fateful night is therefore worthless. I must disregard it.” After disregarding the evidence of PW3, the only other piece of circumstantial evidence relied on to connect the appellant was that he was seen fleeing from the scene on his motor cycle. According to No 25383 D/CPL Okatayot Simon, an investigating officer who testified as a Court witness two people namely Mukubwa Peter a motor cycle rider who did not testify at the trial and Byakagaba Israel (PW9) a bicycle rider claimed to have met a person riding a TVS motor cycle on which he was carrying a five litre jerrycan. Mukubwa did not identify the person while Byakagaba who testified as PW9 claimed to have identified the appellant whom he assisted to retrieve the five litre jerry can which had fallen from the motorcycle. But in his own testimony this is what he stated “the complainant approached me and asked me to go and give evidence on how I had met the accused. He asked me if I knew the person who had burnt his house I told him I did not know the person, and then he asked me go and give statement at police. I accepted but asked him for 5 million shillings. He refused up to now”. Earlier he had stated that he never mentioned to anyone that he had met Baitwabusa. He also denied having made any statement at the police. Later he admitted recording a statement at the police and although there was a suggestion that the appellant had approached him to influence him not to testify against him he denied ever meeting the complainant or the appellant after he had made his statement at the police. He denied having discussed the case with his uncle George Magambo (PW8) and his mother Evasi Kaheru (PW7). He denied having told his mother that he had seen the accused on the night of the fire. In our view, the two pieces of circumstantial evidence did not point irresistibly to the guilt of the appellant. The evidence of the District police commander who arrested the appellant from his home did not help in linking the appellant with the offence. According to the witness he heard the name of appellant being mentioned at the scene and he went to his home where he found him sleeping. No search was conducted at the home of the appellant especially if anybody mentioned that he had been seen fleeing on his motorcycle whose registration number was not given but was described as blue in colour. There was mention of a yellow small jerycan which was never recovered. Moreover PW9 who testified that he had met the appellant, on the night the crime was allegedly committed told court that he never told any body so including the complainant whom he told that he did not know the person who had set fire to his property. It was only after he was promised Shs.5 million that he agreed to go and make a statement at the police. The complainant reneged on his promise to pay him Shs.5 million which may explain why he was reluctant to testify in Court till his relatives were imprisoned. There was also evidence that he was approached by the appellant to withdraw his statement at the police which may explain the disappearance of his statement from the police file. We do not see how the trial Court and Court of Appeal would find P.W.9 such a credible witness as to disprove the alibi raised by the appellant. On the contrary his credibility would be in question whether he was approached by the appellant to exonerate him of the crime or by the complainant to fabricate a story that he had met the appellant fleeing from the scene. On that basis we find that although both courts were alive to the principles 305 regarding circumstantial evidence, none of them subjected it to the scrutiny required before basing a conviction on it. We are of the view that the evidence on record left the appellant as a mere suspect. Suspicion, however strong it may be does not lead to conviction. See R v. Israel Epuku S/0 Achietu [1934] IEACA 166. In the result the appellant’s appeal is allowed. His conviction on all counts of murder is quashed and is to be released from custody unless he is being held on other lawful charges. Dated at Kampala this....... 4th.... day of August.,.2017 Tumwesigye JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT Mwangusya JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT Opio Aweri JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT Mwondha JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT Tibatemwa Ekirukubinza JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT Download ,F-wheel held a crowd funding for its new design e-bike DYU D1 on Taobao in April and its total selling amount has reached 10 million on 1st, May 2017. To make the crowd funding successful, F-wheel held an online product launch live show, which attracted over 1 million people watching it together. On, 13rd, March, over 1 million e-bikes were sold in a single day.
“Though we had trumped in iCarbot crowdfunding in the early spring of 2017, I haven’t expected this DYU D1 crowdfunding can be so successful that over 7 thousand electric bikes were sold out in just half a month.” F-wheel CEO Liwei said to the reporter from CCTV, “There should be 2 reasons why the DYU D1 is incredibly popular in the campaign: first, it is well-designed; second, we have over 1 thousand resellers and 100 thousand fans over the world accumulated in last 5 years.”
F-wheel factory is working day and night to manufacture over 8 thousand e-bikes in 2 months for domestic and overseas customers in Europe and USA. A worker in the factory workshop complained, “I haven’t slept for over 2 days so far, I would leave immediately if I don’t have to keep food on the table for kids.”
This e-bike is only 12 kg which makes a girl easy to lift it by a single hand upstairs. However, this exquisite lightweight design also makes it easy to be stolen and theft. When a girl can lift it up by a single hand, a strong thief can lift 3 away with 2 hands. The manufacturer found the problem from its customers’ test review and put in a GPS in the e-bike, now the electric bike has a new merit compared to most other e-bikes. What’s more, the bike lock is password. controlled by APP, this high tech is what other e-bikes don’t have. The cruise mode keeps the speed steady and makes a smooth and comfortable ride.
“I bought a dozen of F-wheel DYU bikes without hesitation because I trust the F-wheel brand for its previous high-quality scooters. Now I confirmed my belief again. ” Michael Thompson said, who is a wholesaler of e-bike in New York for 3 years.
About F-wheel
The F-wheel, the capital investment of around 20 million RMB from famous investment institutions. And now its valuation has exceeded 100 Million RMB. F-Wheel strives to build intelligent short-distance travel ecosystem in 5 years and enter the GEM IPO market with the value exceeding 5 billion RMB.
Leave DYU a message:Monochrome, Royal Palace Of Cambodia, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.(PID:50687279262) Source
posted by DM PHOTOGRAPHY alias [email protected] on Sunday 6th of December 2020 04:32:44 PM Chey Chumneas, Cambodian monarchs have occupied it since it was built in the 1860s, with a period of absence when the country came into turmoil during and after the reign of the Khmer Rouge. Phnom Penh (/(pə)ˌnɒm ˈpɛn, ˌpnɒm -/;[5][6][7] Khmer: ភ្នំពេញ, romanized: phnum pɨñ, IPA: [pʰnʊm ˈpɨɲ]; literally "Penh's Hill"), formerly known, lit. 'City of the Brahma's Faces') or shortly known as Krong Chaktomuk (Khmer: ក្រុងចតុមុខ),[8][9].[10].[3] The Phnom Penh metropolitan area includes 5 districts of Kandal Province. Etymology Phnom Penh (lit. 'Penh's Hill') takes its name from the present Wat Phnom (lit. 'Hill Temple'). Legend has it that in 1372, a wealthy widow named Lady Penh found a Koki tree floating down the Tonle Sap river after a storm.[12]".[13]. Phnom Penh from east drawn in 1887. Stupa of King Ponhea Yat on the top of Wat Phnom The discovery was taken as a divine blessing, and to some a sign that the Khmer capital was to be brought to Phnom Penh from Angkor.[citation needed].[14] A small Portuguese community survived in Phnom Penh until the 17th century, undertaking commercial and religious activity in the country. modernisation under the rule of Sihanouk.[15] During the Vietnam War, Cambodia was used as a base by the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Viet Cong (VC) and thousands of refugees from across the country flooded the city to escape the fighting between their own government troops, the PAVN/VC, the South Vietnamese and its allies and the Khmer Rouge and the American air strikes. By 1975, the population was 2–3 million, the bulk of whom were refugees from the fighting.[16] The Khmer Rouge cut off supplies to the city for more than a year before it fell on April 17, 1975.[12] Reports from journalists stated that the Khmer Rouge shelling "tortured the capital almost continuously", inflicting "random death and mutilation" on millions of trapped civilians.[17] The Khmer Rouge forcibly evacuated the entire city after taking it, in what has been described as a death march: François Ponchaud wrote that ";[18] Jon Swain recalled that the Khmer Rouge were "tipping out patients from the hospitals like garbage into the streets....In five years of war, this is the greatest caravan of human misery I have seen".[19] All of its residents, including the wealthy and educated, were evacuated from the city and forced to do difficult labour on rural farms as "new people".[20] Tuol Sleng High School was taken over by Pol Pot's forces and was turned into the S-21 prison camp, where people. The former high school is now the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum, where Khmer Rouge torture devices and photos of their victims are displayed. Choeung Ek (The Killing Fields), 15 kilometers  PAVN in 1979,[21];[22] and the 2008 census was 1.3 million.[23] Geography.55°N 104.91667°E (11°33' North, 104°55' East),[24]). The climate is hot year-round with only minor variations. Temperatures typically range from 22 to 35 °C (72 to 95 °F) and weather is subject to the tropical monsoons. The southwest monsoon blows inland bringing moisture-laden winds from the Gulf of Thailand and Indian Ocean from May to). Climate data for Phnom Penh (temperature: 1988–2013, extremes: 1906–2013) MonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecYear Record high °C (°F)36.1 (97.0)38.1 (100.6)40.0 (104.0)40.5 (104.9)40.0 (104.0)39.2 (102.6)37.2 (99.0)37.8 (100.0)35.5 (95.9)36.1 (97.0)34.4 (93.9)37.2 (99.0)40.5 (104.9) Average high °C (°F)31.6 (88.9)33.2 (91.8)34.6 (94.3)35.3 (95.5)34.8 (94.6)33.8 (92.8)32.9 (91.2)32.7 (90.9)32.2 (90.0)31.4 (88.5)31.1 (88.0)30.8 (87.4)32.9 (91.2) Daily mean °C (°F)26.6 (79.9)28.0 (82.4)29.4 (84.9)30.2 (86.4)30.0 (86.0)29.2 (84.6)28.7 (83.7)28.5 (83.3)28.2 (82.8)27.2 (81.0)27.1 (80.8)26.3 (79.3)28.3 (82.9) Average low °C (°F)21.8 (71.2)22.8 (73.0)24.3 (75.7)25.5 (77.9)25.6 (78.1)24.9 (76.8)24.8 (76.6)24.6 (76.3)24.4 (75.9)24.2 (75.6)23.2 (73.8)21.9 (71.4)24.0 (75.2) Record low °C (°F)12.8 (55.0)15.2 (59.4)19.0 (66.2)17.8 (64.0)20.6 (69.1)21.2 (70.2)20.1 (68.2)20.0 (68.0)21.1 (70.0)17.2 (63.0)16.7 (62.1)14.4 (57.9)12.8 (55.0) Average rainfall mm (inches)12.1 (0.48)6.6 (0.26)34.8 (1.37)78.8 (3.10)118.2 (4.65)145.0 (5.71)162.1 (6.38)182.7 (7.19)270.9 (10.67)248.1 (9.77)120.5 (4.74)32.1 (1.26)1,411.9 (55.58) Average rainy days (≥ 0.1 mm)1.21.13.46.815.917.018.118.321.519.310.24.5137.3 Average relative humidity (%)73717173777880818484787377 Mean monthly sunshine hours2602262672402021921431741292022132422,490 Source 1: Deutscher Wetterdienst[25] Source 2: Danish Meteorological Institute (sun, 1931–1960)[26] Administration Phnom Penh Capital Hall Districts of Phnom Pen)..[28] List of Phnom Penh Administrative Sections ISO CodeSectionKhmerNumber of quartersNumber of villagesPopulation 12-01Chamkar Monខណ្ឌចំការមន54070,772 12–02Doun Penhខណ្ឌដូនពេញ11134155,069 12–03Prampir Makaraខណ្ឌប្រាំពីរមករា86671,092 12–04Tuol Korkខណ្ឌទួលគោក10143145,570 12–05Dangkaoខណ្ឌដង្កោ1281159,772 12–06Mean Cheyខណ្ឌមានជ័យ759248,464 12–07Russey Keoខណ្ឌឫស្សីកែវ730274,861 12–08Sen Sokខណ្ឌសែនសុខ647182,903 12–09Por Sencheyខណ្ឌពោធិ៍សែនជ័យ775226,971 12–10Chroy Changvarខណ្ឌជ្រោយចង្វារ522159,233 12–11Prek Pnovខណ្ឌព្រែកព្នៅ559188,190 12–12Chbar Ampovខណ្ឌច្បារអំពៅ849164,379 12–13Boeng Keng Kangខណ្ឌបឹងកេងកង75566,658 12–14Kamboulខណ្ឌកំបូល79375,526 Demographics Historical population YearPop.±% p.a. 1950334,000— 1960398,000+1.77% 1970457,000+1.39% 1975370,000−4.14% 197832,000−55.78% 1980189,000+143.03% 1985351,000+13.18% 1990634,000+12.55% 1995925,000+7.85% 20001,284,000+6.78% 20051,677,000+5.49% 20102,101,725+4.62% As of 2019, Phnom Penh had a population of 2,129,371 people, with a total population density of 3,136 inhabitants per square kilometre in a 679 square kilometres (262 sq mi) city area., Chong, and Chams.[29].[30] Note: As stated in the "History" paragraph (The 1998 Census put Phnom Penh's population at 862,000;[22] and the 2008 census was 1.3 million.[23]) the information collides with the information provided in the "Historical population" table. Needs editing. Politics The National Assembly building of Cambodia Supreme Court Building See also: Phnom Penh (National Assembly constituency) Phnom Penh is allocated 12 seats in the National Assembly, making it the largest constituency. Members of Parliament NamePolitical Party 1Pa SocheatvongCambodian People's Party 2Ith Sam HengCambodian People's Party 3Mam BunhengCambodian People's Party 4Ing Kuntha PhaviCambodian People's Party 5Kep ChuktemaCambodian People's Party 6Hou SryCambodian People's Party 7Krouch Sam AnCambodian People's Party 8Lauk KhengCambodian People's Party 9Ousman HasanCambodian People's Party 10Cheap SivonCambodian People's Party 11Pich KimsreangCambodian People's Party 12Ly ChhengCambodian People's Party Economy Phnom Penh Skyline The Central Post Office Building The Hong Kong Center, headquarters of oil producer Total S.A. in Cambodia.[31] One of the most popular areas in Phnom Penh for tourists is Sisowath Quay, alongside the Tonle Sap River. Sisowath Quay is a five kilometre strip of road that includes restaurants, bars, and hotels.[32].[33] Other projects include: Grand Phnom Penh International City (under construction) De Castle Royal Condominium[34] (Completed) Gold Tower 42 (On hold 32 floors construction begins again in the mid of 2018) OCIC Tower (Completed) Kokling super second floor house Vattanac Capital Tower (completed) The Bridge (Completed) The Peak (under construction)).[35] Universities and colleges Buddhist Institute Royal University of Phnom Penh Campus II Institute of Foreign Languages Institut de Technologie du Cambodge EnglishKhmer University of Cambodia (UC)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យកម្ពុជា Phnom Penh International University (PPIU)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យភ្នំពេញអន្តរជាតិ École Royale d'Administration (ERA)សាលាភូមិន្ទរដ្ឋបាល Royal University of Phnom Penh (RUPP)សកលវិទ្យាល័យភូមិន្ទភ្នំពេញ Royal University of Law and Economics (RULE)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យភូមិន្ទនីតិសាស្រ្ត និង វិទ្យាសាស្រ្តសេដ្ឋកិច្ច Royal University of Fine Arts (RUFA)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យភូមិន្ទវិចិត្រសិល្បៈ Royal University of Agriculture (RUA)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យភូមិន្ទកសិកម្ម National University of Management (NUM)សាកលវិទ្យាល័យជាតិគ្រប់គ្រងា Buddhist Institute Royal Academy of Cambodiaរាជបណ្ឌិត្យសភាកម្ពុជា Cambodian Agricultural Research and Development Instituteវិទ្យាស្ថានស្រាវជ្រាវ និង អភិវឌ្ឍកសិកម្មកម្ពុជា National Institute of Educationវិទ្យាស្ថានជាតិរអប់រំ National Polytechnic Institute of Cambodiaវិទ្យាស្ថានជាតិពហុបច្ចេកទេសកម្ពុជា National Technical Training Instituteវិទ្យាស្ថានជាតិបណ្តុះបណ្តាលបច្ចេកទេស Prek Leap National College of Agricultureសាលាជាតិកសិកម្មព្រែកលៀប University of Health Sciencesសាកលវិទ្យាល័យវិទ្យាសាស្រ្តសុខាភិបាល National Institute of Businessវិទ្យាស្ថានជាតិពាណិជ្ជសាស្រ្ត Preah Kossomak Polytechnic Instituteវិទ្យាស្ថានពហុបច្ចេកទេសព្រះកុសុមះ Industrial Technical Instituteវិទ្យាស្ថានបច្ចេកទេសឧស្សាហកម្ម Zaman Universityសាកលវិទ្យាល័យ ហ្សាម៉ាន់ Institute For Development of Economy (I.D.E)វិទ្យាស្ថានអភិវឌ្ឍន៍សេដ្ឋកិច្ច Western University[36] Primary and secondary schools EnglishKhmer Lycee Sisowathវិទ្យាល័យស៊ីសុវត្ថិ Chaktomuk Secondary Schoolអនុវិទ្យាល័យចតុមុខ Bak Touk High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យបាក់ទូក Chea Sim Samaky High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យជាស៊ីមសាមគ្គី Chea Sim Beoung Kang Kong High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យជាស៊ីមបឹងកេងកង Indradevi High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យឥន្ទ្រទេវី Chea Sim Santhormok High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យជាស៊ីមសន្ធរម៉ុក Chea Sim Chrouy Changvar High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យជាស៊ីមជ្រោយចង្វារ Chbar Ampov High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យច្បារអំពៅ Wat Koh High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យវត្តកោះ Hun Sen Bun Rany Phsar Derm Tkov High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យហ៊ុនសែនប៊ុនរ៉ានីផ្សារដើមថ្កូវ Toul Svay Prey High Schoolវិទ្យាល័យទួលស្វាយព្រៃ International schools English CIA First International School Abundant Life International School American Intercon School American Intercon School Beijing International School (Chinese) British International School of Phnom Penh East-West International SchoolNew Gateway International School Harrods International Academy Home of English International School iCAN British International School International School of Phnom Penh International School of Singapore (ISPS) Japanese School of Phnom Penh North Bridge International School Lycée français René Descartes de Phnom Penh (French) South Bridge International School Footprint International School Zaman International School Supplementary and extra schools EnglishOriginal Name Japanese Supplementary School of Phnom Penh(プノンペン補習授業校, Punonpen Hoshū Jugyō Kō) Rodwell Learning Centerសាលាបង្រៀនគួររ៉ដវែល The Japanese Supplementary School of Phnom Penh , formerly known in English as the Phnom Penh Japanese School,[37][38] is a part-time Japanese School, operated by the Japanese Association of Cambodia (JACAM;カンボジア日本人会 Kambojia Nihonjin-kai).[39] It is in Sangkat Toek Thla in Sen Sok.[40] It was established in 2002. It had 60 students in June 2011.[41] Culture "Dried" version of Phnom Penh noodles with soup broth on the side. Music and the arts are making a revival throughout Cambodia, especially in Phnom Penh. Phnom Penh.[42] The Cambodian fishing dance originated from Phnom Penh. Chaul Chnam Thmey April 13–15 Main article: Chaul Chnam Thmey Main article: Bon Om Thook.[43] Main article: Vesākha King Norodom Sihanouk Monument Statue of Decho Yod and Decho Meas. The French, who were the colonial masters from the 19th century to the 1940s, also left their mark, with various colonial villas, French churches, boulevards, and the Art Deco market Phsar Thom Thmei. A notable Institute of Foreign Languages, and the National Sports Centre. With the growth of the upper and entrepreneurial middle Statue of Lady Penh, the city's founder..[44]. 2016 Phnom Penh, Muzeum Narodowe Kambodży (03).jpgRoyal.Place.Phnom.Penh.Palais.Royal.Cambodge.001.jpgLeRoyal PP.jpgColonial Villa on Street 108 Phnom Penh.jpg National Museum, designed in the early-1920s by George Groslier.Royal Throne Hall, constructed in the 1860s under King Norodom I.Façade, Hotel Le Royal, built in 1929 in the reign of King Sisowath Monivong.Colonial villa in Phnom Penh. Phnom Penh city at night revealing skylines and the royal palace, viewed from the east bank of Tonle Sap river in September 2019. 2035 master plan Originally intended to be completed by 2020, the 2035 master plan[45].[46] Media Dailies Khmer Sralagn' Khmer (Love Khmer) Chakraval Daily (Universe) Kampuchea Thmei Daily (New Cambodia) Kampuchea Tgnai Nis (Cambodia Today) Kanychok Sangkhum (Social Reflection) (Mount Temple) English Phnom Penh Post, a daily English-language newspaper published in Phnom Penh. The Cambodia Daily, an English-language daily newspaper (closed in 2017). The Khmer Times, an English-language daily newspaper. Chinese  AsiaLIFE Guide Phnom Penh, a monthly English-language lifestyle magazine published in Phnom Penh. (Ceased in 2018) F Magazine, the first fashion-forward magazine in Cambodia. Bi-lingual, written in English and Khmer. SOVRIN Magazine, is the fashion glossy magazine in Cambodia which written in khmer language. Online news Thmey Thmey Phnom Penh[47] Sabay News Phnom Penh. Fresh News Phnom Penh[48] Sport See also: Sport in Cambodia and Morodok Techo National Sports Complex 50,000[49]—although the country never hosted the Olympic Games due to disruption by the civil war and the Khmer Rouge in the 1970s. Built in 1964,[49] it is home to the Cambodian national football team.[50] On completion the stadium was one of the largest in Asia. Volleyball, basketball, and Tai-Kwon-Do games are often hosted at the stadium. The stadium closed in 2000,[49]. Transport See also: Transport in Cambodia and Transport in Phnom Penh Phnom Penh International Airport.[51] transport Phnom Penh BRT bus approaching Monivong-Sihanouk station See also: Phnom Penh City Bus.[52] The city is now served by 17".[53] Private forms of transportation used by locals include bicycles, motorbikes, and cars. LineTerminusOpenedDistance (km)Frequency (mins) 1ABus Depot ↔ Boeng ChhukOctober 201820.010-15 1BBoeng Chhuk ↔ Prince Manor ResortOctober 201810.620-30 2Kouch Kanong Roundabout ↔ Prek Samrong BridgeOctober 201818.010-15 3Freedom Park ↔ Borey Santepheap 2January 201823.110-15 4AFreedom Park ↔ Borey Santepheap 2January 201820.120-30 4BFreedom Park ↔ Ang SnoulOctober 201828.710-15 4CFreedom Park ↔ Prek Kampoes Commune HallOctober 201820.520-30 5ABus Depot ↔ Aeon Mall Sen SokOctober 201813.020-30 5BAEON Mall Phom Penh ↔ AEON Mall Sen SokOctober 201816.215-20 6Kouch Kanong Roundabout ↔ Bus DepotOctober 201820.215-20 7Kilometer No 9 ↔ Boeung ChhoukOctober 201821.720-30 8Kouch Kanong Roundabout ↔ St. 2004 TerminalOctober 201816.020-30 9Borei Santepheap 2 ↔ Ang SnoulJanuary 201819.515-20 10St. 2004 Terminal ↔ Chba Ampov MarketOctober 201814.520-30 11Sleng Pagoda ↔ Stueng Meanchey IntersectionOctober 201814.020-30 12Cambodia Railway ↔ Cambodia Railway (Loop)October 20188.920-30 13Cambodia Railway ↔ Deum Thkov Market RoundaboutOctober 20186.620-30 Highways Motorcycle traffic in Phnom Penh As the capital of Cambodia, a number of national highways connect the city with various parts of the country: National HighwayCodeLengthOriginTerminal National Highway 110001167.10 km103.83 miPhnom PenhVietnamese Border National Highway 210002120.60 km74.94 miPhnom PenhVietnamese Border National Highway 310003202.00 km125.52 miPhnom PenhVeal Renh National Highway 410004226.00 km140.43 miPhnom PenhSihanoukville National Highway 510005407.45 km253.18 miPhnom PenhThai Border National Highway 610006416.00 km258.49 miPhnom PenhBanteay Meanchey National Highway 710007509.17 km316.38 miSkun (Cheung Prey District)Lao Border Water supply Main article: Water supply in Phnom Penh.[54] These achievements were recognized through international awards such as the 2006 Ramon Magsaysay Award and the 2010 Stockholm Industry Water Award.[55] The city's water utility is the Phnom Penh Water Supply Authority (PPWSA). Its main water sources are the Mekong River, the Tonle Sap river and the Tonle Bassac river. Twin towns – sister cities Phnom Penh is twinned with: Thailand Bangkok, Thailand[56] China Beijing, China[57] South Korea Busan, South Korea[58] China Chongqing, China[59] Vietnam Hanoi, Vietnam[60] China Hefei, China[61] Vietnam Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam[62] South Korea Incheon, South Korea[63] Japan Kitakyushu, Japan[64] China Kunming, China[65] United States Long Beach, United States[66] United States Lowell, United States[67] China Shanghai, China[68] China Shenzhen, China[69]
License and Use
This Independence Mall Fight - monochrome-royal-palace-of-cambodia-phnom-penh-cambodia- on net.photos image has 1024x676 pixels (original) and is uploaded to . The image size is 195992676
- Image type jpg
- File Size 195992 byte.The Nez Perce Real Estate market currently has 219 listings, with the majority priced between $200K - $300K. The median list price for the Nez Perce area being $270,000 and the median price per square foot of $195 you will be able to find a home that meets your criteria.
Padaini telah dilebarkan kepada sektor pembuatan manufacturing dan perkhidmatan hotel dan restorandan pada tahunianya dibenarkan untuk kesemua sektor. Padakerajaan telah membenaran pekerja migran untuk sektor pembinaan dan perladangan. Hakikat kerja negara ini mulai berubah pada awal an. Posted by WH4C at 3: The object of this Committee which has been set up is to propose preventive steps and improvements so that there will not happen any abuse by any of the parties concerned when the said amendments start to be put into effect.
There were situations where the welfare of the workers was threatened and the employer that committed these wrongdoings were difficult to be identified and appropriate actions taken against them. As such, if alta are any claims against contractors for labour, the said workers can still make the said claims as pinxaan their capacity as employers under the Employment Act only.
The drivers who are paid based on commission per trip could previously do up to four trips a day, however, the congestion at the depots became progressively worse, especially in the last two months.
National Hazards Campaign of UK. The government re-introduced the Bill with minor changes in June vide Bill No: Clean Clothes Campaign, the Netherlands.
In the government allowed migrant workers for the construction and plantation sector. T he principal company pays the outsource company an agreed sum of money for the number pekerjaan workers supplied, whether they be local or migrant workers.
Kursus Akta Pekerjaan 1955 (Termasuk Pindaan 2012)_MyAnuar_Synergy
Despite the pindaaj steps to normalcy, the drivers are still upset over the arrest of 25 of their strikers who were accused of vandalising trucks that refused to join the strike. Published on Dec View 22 Download 0. It is hoped that the recent amendments to the Employment Act will get the support of all parties to ensure workers welfare is protected and to guarantee harmonious industrial relations in this country.
This means, the new provisions concerning contractor for pekerjwan only applies to contractor for labour carrying out activities of manpower supply in the agricultural and plantation sector only.
Secara pijdaan, syarikat prinsipal dapat mengelak daripada tanggungjawab dan obligasi majikan untuk memastikan hak dan kebajikan pekerja-employee mereka.
The contractor for labour and their practices should not be allowed in any sectors including the plantation and agricultural sector. While drivers are required to pay the increased gate charges upfront, ultimately the haulier firms have to foot the bill.
The principal company also evades all obligations and safeguards in law when workers are hired or terminated, including domestic inquiries and lay-off and termination benefits.
Tetapi pada Junpekerjan telah membentang semula Rang Undang-Undang ini, hanya dengan sedikit perubahan, melalui Bill No: Further, the Ministry wishes to clarify that the amendment to the Employment Act came into effect on 1 Aprilis meant to fulfill the needs and current changes by providing a more conducive environment for labour and strengthen the enforcement of labour laws. Garment and Allied Workers Union, India. It further requests the Government to pekerjawn the necessary steps to ensure the immediate registration of the association of migrant domestic workers so that they may fully exercise their freedom of association rights.
Kesatuan sekerja dilemahkan, dan kuasa berunding mereka untuk menuntut hak dan faedah lebih baik untuk pekerja semakin lama semakin terhakis akibat penambahan pekerja yang bukan pekerja-employee principal, serta juga akibat kehilangan jaminan pemilikan kerja security of tenure akibat kontrak kerja jangka pendek. The Committee recalls that Article 2 of Convention No. In this regard, migrant workers would, according to the Government, be guaranteed the right to form and join a trade union under the Trade Unions Act.
The Committee has further emphasized that all workers, without distinction whatsoever, whether they are employed on a permanent basis, for a fixed term or as contract employees, should have the right to establish and join organizations of their own choosing Digest, op. 212 requests the Government to keep it informed of the progress made in this regard.
Akta Pekerjaan 1955 Bahasa Melayu Pdf
Ianya adalah jaminan pemilikan kerja security of tenure — yang memastikan kerja tetap, dan hak proprietari kepada kerja proprietary right to the job — dimana, antara lain, pembuangan kerja seseorang pekerja harus dilakukan hanya atas alasan atau sebab wajar just cause and excuse dan melalui proses wajar due process. The MOHR Minister, in an attempt to placate the Piindaan, trade unions, civil society groups and workers issued an exemption order, pekerjaah April 1 stwhich, amongst others, stated: Tarikbalik pindaan kepada Akta Kerja The issuance of these outsourcing licenses was strangely done by the Ministry of Home Affairsnot the Ministry of Human Resources.
However domestic workers, whether foreign or local, are exempted from the scope of the Employment Act. They are, security of tenure — ensuring permanence of employment, and proprietary right to the job — where termination of worker, shall be only with just cause and excuse and by due process.
Akta Pekerjaan Bahasa Melayu Pdf
As for the more specific allegation relating to the refusal to register the association of migrant domestic workers, the Committee notes the Government’s reply that: Freedom of Association Case Country: Seksyen yang dikecualikan hanya mengenai perkara sampingan saperti pendaftaran pekerja-employee apabila dibekalkan kepada prinsipal dan keutamaan keberhutangan priority of debt.
Thus, the Ministry, in good faith, brought about this new definition to control the practice of supplying workers by contractor aota labour manpower contractors especially in pindsan plantation sector so that it is more organized. Untuk dan bagi pihak.In the 1970’s I attended a church in Perth where the pastor’s gift was evangelism. I remember that on most Sundays there would be new people becoming followers of Jesus. I was one of them and many of my friends today were also. The pastor told lots of good stories and also said some quotable statements. One of them was, “God has no grandchildren!” The context of his statement was often aimed at children of believers, kids that had been brought up in the church. He would often read John 1:12 which states, “Yet to all who did receive him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God…” Then he would stress the fact that it was not enough to just follow on in your parent’s faith, in fact it was of great importance for each one to believe and acknowledge Jesus as their own Lord and Saviour. Many did.
In the first 3 verses of Psalm 44, we read of the Psalmist reviewing the past history of God’s interventions in his past generation’s lives. He has been taught well by his grandparents and parents, and this was according to the words of God in Exodus 10:2 which says “Tell your children and your grandchildren”. And so, he talks to God and says:.
But then his conversation to the Lord changes in verses 4-8 and the psalmist becomes personal. He acknowledges how all this has become very real to him as well and using the personal pronoun (in bold font) he states:
4 You are my King and my God,
who decreesvictories.
He acknowledges that it is not enough just to know the stories told him by past generations but they now have become his stories – his experience!
I was not brought up in a Christian home, coming to faith in Jesus at 19 years old, but I have now known many who had the privilege of believing parents (including my wife and our own children) and who now have also committed their lives to following Jesus. Our task is not yet over though, as we now move into another generation, whom we trust will also remember all that they have been taught and decide to follow Jesus as their parents and grandparents have done. Prayer being the gift God has given us to exercise during this time.
But, as we consider the words of this poem we also see another important lesson in the psalmist’s words. They are concerning who deserves all the praise for what has, is and will happen. In the words of Wilcock, “God was doing something else at the time of the exodus and the conquest. He was making it crystal clear to Israel that all the achievements of those momentous days were his and not hers. The founding fathers knew, and their descendants now singing Psalm 44 also knew, that it was a divine arm and not a human one which had wrought these great things.” (# 5)
Read the verses 1-8 (underlined above) again and you will see just how much this truth is emphasized. And that’s why the psalmist finishes with the words:
In God we make our boast all day long,
and we will praise your name forever. (Verse 8)
Father, we do acknowledge that you have done great things in the lives of generations past and in our own lives. We ask that you do this same work of grace in the generations to come as they commit their lives to following you. Amen.Germany's Self-Driving Car Bill: World's 1st Legal Framework For Autonomous Vehicles
Germany could soon witness autonomous vehicles rolling on its streets as the lawmakers in the nation have approved new rules for self-driving cars in the lower house of the parliament.
Getty Images
Also read: This Indian Is Building World's 1st Self-Driving Car Safety System With Human Input
Reported first by DW, this measure would pass to the upper chamber of parliament, the Bundesrat in order to take effect. If approved, it would give birth to the world’s first legal framework for integrating autonomous vehicles in regular traffic, according to the German government.
The bill was passed by lawmakers in a late-night session on Thursday allowing specifically fully autonomous systems under ‘Level 4’ classification which is defined as when a computer is in complete control of the vehicle and no human driver is necessary to control or monitor it.
The rule, according to the Transport Ministry, has been drafted in a way to offer more flexibility, including that the new regulations won’t require a human to be on standby at all times -- something that is pretty common today.
Along with this, the bill has highlighted that it would allow driverless shuttle busses as well as self-driving public transport buses to be put into use by 2022. They would also permit autonomous goods transport vehicles on set routes.
Also read: This Electric Dune Buggy Concept By Volkswagen Looks Straight Out Of A Hot Wheels Game!
Reuters
Autonomous vehicles for the general public are also permitted under this law, however, we still have time for the cars to become good enough. Sure. Tesla has pioneered this field, but it still isn't the most robust. But we can surely expect this to be a huge step in making car journeys a whole lot safer and reduce the rate of fatal traffic accidents.
Also Read: Elon Musk Trolls Jeff Bezos, Calls Him Copycat For Funding Self-Driving Taxi Startup
Transportation Minister Andreas Scheuer was all positive about the bill and even urged the upper house to put the law into force as soon as possible, stating, “Germany will be the first country worldwide to take autonomous vehicles from the research laboratories to the streets. We are now a major step closer to that goal.”
The Conversation (0)
Start a conversation, not a fire. Post with kindness.Hotel Sahid Montana Dua Malang is a three star hotel which positioned within the sub-city space of Malang, is well designed with 70 rooms and suite, and numerous capacity assembly rooms in a spacious panorama, complemented with stunning garden and swimming pool.Hotel Sahid Montana Dua Malang is properly suited for leisure, assembly, gathering, exhibition and wedding ceremony party. Hotel Wailea was also honored this year to be voted in the “Top 50 Finest Hotels within the World” by Journey+Leisure World’s Finest Awards, 2018 and “High 25 Finest Hotels within the US” by the 2018 TripAdvisor Traveler’s Selection Awards.
When you come throughout an Expedia low cost coupon for hotels and are not accustomed to the town, simply look over a map to see the place each hotel is positioned. Gatwick Airport homes a variety of hotels inside its close vicinity to serve travellers. All Effort to Visitor Service: Perfect enterprise hotels should permit business traveler such as you to focus in your jobs, to make them essentially the most successful.
So the most effective thing to do as a first timer to Bangkok Thailand is to remain in hotels within the neighborhood of the Nana Entertainment Plaza (NEP). I do …Today we played ball with the kitties. Then they got tired and I took some photos.
And a video, playing with Lotto and the three kittens.
- A beautiful stray cat in Istanbul - May 3, 2020
- Mother cat brings her kitten to the ER in Istanbul, Turkey - May 3, 2020
- There’s no privacy with Fatma the rescue cat - April 16, 2020Gift box
In today's market, the old saying "It's what's inside the box that counts", is not always true. Especially when it comes to packaging jewelry. A beautiful piece of jewelry deserves to be packaged beautifully. Many businesses do not realize how important that the way you package your handmade jewelry for your business is. Packaging not only protects your jewelry, but it also represents your brand, therefore giving you an excellent opportunity to market your brand.
When packaging your jewelry, you will not only want to be creative and different so that your packaging will stand out from your competition, but you will want to keep your packaging in line with your business marketing brand. By using the same colors and logo as your other marketing materials, you are helping buyers identify your business from other businesses, making it easier for them to find you, and your customers will appreciate that.
Attractive packaging not only enhances the product for gift giving, but may also be the tool you need to convert first time buyers into loyal customers. You don't have to spend a lot of money for pretty packaging, but be consistent with you brand identity.
Packaging is a very important marketing strategy, therefore by spend a little extra time and money making your packaging attractive will not only protect your jewelry and show it off in an attractive manner, but you will be building and marketing your brand, helping your customers identify you, converting first time buyers into returning customers.
Attractive packaging is just as important as the beautiful handcrafted piece of jewelry inside the packaging. Give your customers a shopping experience they will remember. Wrap your jewelry in some pretty tissue paper before placing in a pretty box with a bow, or a nice pretty bag. Place your business card inside, and by placing a little something extra inside for them to discover upon opening makes them feel appreciated, helps build your brand, customer loyalty, and conveys the message "This gift is for you".
Always remember, first impressions are everything!
Do you have any tips on packaging jewelry? Please share in comments below!
If you would like to receive new blog post please follow me on Facebook, Twitter, or Bloglovin.Glenbrook Primary School is hosting two public consultation events later this week for residents to find out more about plans to rebuild the primary school and outline plans to put a brand new secondary school on the same site on Kings Avenue.
The plans for the new school buildings have been given the go-ahead by the Government and a planning application will be made shortly. If approved, construction would start this summer and is expected to be completed by September 2018 for the primary school. Residents will also be able to comment on suggestions for the proposed secondary school’s name.
Developers Bowmer & Kirkland, in partnership with the school, will host two public consultation events at Glenbrook Primary School on Friday 10th March, 15.30 to 20.00 and Saturday 11th March, 10.00 to 13.00. Residents are invited to come along to find out more information and to have questions answered.Instantly let passersby know that your home is Texas A&M territory! Shop Texas A&M flags and banners from the official online store of the Texas A&M Aggies for a spirited addition to the outside of your home. Pick up Texas A&M Aggies garden flags that will greet fellow fans when they come over for the next watch party. Here you’ll find double-sided Texas A&M Aggies flags featuring bold graphics that will instantly boost your curb appeal. Whether you’re searching for indoor or outdoor Texas A&M banners and flags, you’re sure to find exactly what you’re looking for. Pick up a new Texas A&M Aggies pennant or banner to hang in your fan cave, or grab some exciting Texas A&M Aggies car flags that will make your fandom clear to everyone on the road. sentinel. [volume] (Browning, Mont.) 1969-1970
Browning, Mont. (1969-1970)
- Title:
- Browning sentinel. [volume] : (Browning, Mont.) 1969-1970
- Place of publication:
- Browning, Mont.
- Geographic coverage:
-
- Publisher:
- [publisher not identified]
- Dates of publication:
- 1969-1970
- Description:
- Ceased Apr.? 1970.
- Vol. 1, no. 1 (Nov. 1969)-
- Frequency:
- Monthly
- Language:
- Subjects:
- Siksika Indians--Periodicals.
- Siksika Indians.--fast--(OCoLC)fst01118464
- LCCN:
- sn 86075244
- OCLC:
- 13806928
- Holdings:
View complete holdings informationChoosing the best possible domain name for your website is absolutely critical. Your domain name is something that deserves hours, if not days, of reflection, and it is not an exaggeration to say that, in some circumstances, making the wrong decision can ruin a business. Bottom line: choosing a domain name is something that every website owner needs to make sure it works properly, ideally before doing anything else, and especially if the website will have a commercial purpose.
We are no strangers to domain names here at WpOnlineHub. In fact, we’ve been talking a lot about domains in the past few months, which shows just how pressing a problem this is for potential website owners.
So far, we’ve talked about what a domain name is and what the difference is between a domain name and web hosting, and a website. And we’ve also listed the top nine website domain name registrars of 2020, meaning where to go to register and buy a domain name.
However, we have not yet delved into the things to consider when choosing your ideal domain name; in other words, how to really choose! Let’s change that today. Here are over 20 essential tips for choosing and registering a domain name (in no particular order).
1. Choose a domain name that would directly associate with your network name.
This is the first and obvious solution. You should always try to find a domain name that is synchronized with your brand and your network name. Sometimes choosing the domain name associated with your network name can be challenging, especially if your network name is generic and has already been taken by other people. Choose the correct variation.
2. The unique domain will change the game
In case you want to create a new unique name for your blog, be prepared that this type of solution requires more hard work and investment on your part. It is not recommended to put your own personal name on the domain.
4. Be unique and memorable
There are a myriad of registered domain names, and you probably don’t want to look like a copycat. Using domain names similar to Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat or any other popular social network on the market is not the best idea. Be unique.
3. Keep it short and easy to type
Your domain name should not be long and consists of 30 symbols or words. Think about the times when you need to put your website name in the ad. Ads won’t work just because people won’t want to bother remembering the mile-long website address. The shorter the better.
05. Include keywords when appropriate
By practicing SEO (Search Engine Optimization), you can improve your chances of showing up on Google when people search for businesses like yours. A great SEO tip would be to include a relevant keyword in your domain name. This can help both site visitors and search engine robots associate their website with their primary field of expertise, thus helping you rank better for that topic.
While beneficial, it is also important to use keywords sparingly and only when they naturally fit your domain name. Otherwise, don’t force it, as an overly optimized domain name may appear as spam. In other words, this domain name SEO strategy is valuable but not a must.
When including a keyword works in a stylish and memorable way, be sure to do it.
6. Check your domain name carefully
Make sure the chosen domain name does not exist here on the Internet. Also check copyrighted names and trademarks. It is better to do a full checkup at first and then deal with and have legal issues later.
7. Avoid special symbols
The domain name must be easy to pronounce and spell. Underscores and hyphens can confuse people. For example, if you want to name your network as “DIY Cosplay Costumes”, then diycosplay.com would be much better than diy-cosplay.com or diy_cosplay.com. These symbols are easy to forget and mislead each other, so it will be best if you avoid them at all costs.
8. Avoid “the,” “a,” “my,” or “your” in your domain name
Of course, this is not a strict rule, but the site “golfplayers.com” is obviously better than “thegolfplayers.com”. However, if you have no other options and the domain name with an article or pronoun seems to be the best option, you should remember to promote your network with the full form of the name.
9. Choose simple name extension
The most popular domain name extensions are the legendary .com (dot-com), .net, and .org, and we strongly recommend that you adhere to these extensions. You can of course find all kinds of new emerging extensions like .ninja, .pizza or .photography but they may not be trustworthy. Also, they are less memorable and many users will be tempted to make their clever domain name simpler. For example, instead of myworldof.ninja, they would probably write myworldofninja.com. If you don’t want your target audience to be redirected to another similar place on the web, use the standard extensions mentioned above.
10. Avoid legal trouble
Before buying your domain name, make sure you are not in competition. Research databases of trademarks and copyrights, as well as competing brands. Going with a domain name that has been adopted by other brands, even indirectly (that is, in uses other than a domain name), could lead to customer confusion and possibly legal problems as well. Therefore, it is worth spending time to make an informed and well-researched decision.
This Post Has One Comment
Pingback: What is Web Hosting? How to choose the right web hosting? – WpOnlineHub10 Easy Steps To More Rent Wedding Dress Sales
If you propose to have a beach wedding, there are special considerations when are generally choosing beach wedding dresses. First of all, consideration to think about the heat out there on the beach. You don't want to be sweating total time inside your wedding gown, so choose a dress that in order to fairly exciting. Choose a lightweight fabric that can help to a person as cool as possible and consider styles regarding example strapless or sleeveless robes.
Make clothing simple. If ever rent a dress for a wedding has lots of beads or decorations, want might to help consider removing of all these. You can leave some beads if you like, but make certain the dress will look simple despite them. implies hot weather and hot sunshine. You won't like to wear a wedding dress with heavy fabrics such as satin that make you weight loss. Choose light, breathable fabrics. You can opt for wedding dress made of chiffon, linen or charmeuse.
For instance, you can wear the dress associated with Chiffon, which will give a complicated and floating appearance towards the gown. Chiffon is smoother and genuinely lustrous fabric, perfect with regard to the wedding dress. The seaside wedding dress style that looks incredibly beautiful in Chiffon, is the princess or emperor waist line conception. There's a variety of styles on the inside latter styles, like: spaghetti straps, halter, and V-neck or emperor waist A-line style. Why, because rrt's going to make the gown flow simply creating comfortable and delicate movement it is far more walk.
Remember that feeling at ease with your dress is typical you shouldn't sacrifice as part of your wedding entire day. You can also try Linen or a Cotton fabric style wedding dress. Linen and Cotton are fabrics that will absorb the high temperature very well, making ideal for outdoor and destination beach weddings. Again the princess or emperor waist line cut is very attractive and flatters requires more than any chic-ness.
Browse the net, flip through bridal magazines to think about what style looks best on anybody. You can shop online or visit the bridal shop where salespeople can allow you choose proper style and fabric fitting your frame and goes well the beach wedding theme.
DO NOT put your precious don your suit case - It might arrive with you and liquids can ruin and damage your dress if they leak associated with hold from the aircraft.-
-  “My School Uniform”
"My School Uniform," written by Anonymous from South Carolina, is an empowering piece of writing in Teen Ink's Fall 2019 issue. It speaks out about the author's thoughts on strict school regulations that impact clothes developing young girls can wear to school. In this article, the author feels passionately against the uniform dress codes and lists many reasons why. To begin her stance, she informs the readers about her school, "a private, all girls school” where “uniforms are by far the most important thing.” She goes on to describe the specific requirements on uniforms on each day of the school week. At the end, the author then states, “I am tired of fighting,” against the teachers caring about what they wear other than their education. She depicts her strong opposition very well against these uniform restrictions and encourages readers to support her stance.
The reason why this piece of writing is powerful is because it is able to connect with readers, females more than males. I, a 13-year old 8th-grader, am also irritated about my school’s dress code. Although it is not as strict as the all girls school in the article, many girls aren’t even allowed to show their shoulders without getting lectured. “Shoulders are distracting to the male staff and student body,” many say; however, what young women wear should not be the reason males are not focusing on their work. In the article, the author closes the last paragraph with a short, but influential sentence, “I need them to get with the times.” The author also mentions great points when she says, “I don’t want the little girls going to my school to be shamed the same way that my peers and I are.” The way the author phrases her sentences draw on the reader’s emotions. Ultimately, “My School Uniform,” is a great piece that young women should read.
JOIN THE DISCUSSION
This article has 0 comments.Explore Concrete Pump Operator careers and find about Concrete Pump Operator salaries, jobs, companies and much more at Indeed. Average salaries for "Concrete Pump Operator" jobs in Golden, BC. Showing 1 salaries for "Concrete Pump Operator" in Golden, BC. Golden, BC • COLAS 3.7
Being part of the Colas group of Companies provides impressive resources and technical expertise enabling Terus Construction Ltd. to access unique high technical and major construction projects. Concrete Pump Operator Golden, CA, Concrete Pump Operator Prince George, 5155,
Concrete pump operator Jobs | Glassdoor
If you require a reasonable accommodation in completing an employment application, interviewing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please call 1-833-867-8001 or click here. ×. Parsons. Back to top..
Today's top 23,000+ Plant Operator jobs in United States. Leverage your professional network, and get hired. New Plant Operator jobs added daily. - …
Concrete pump operator Jobs | Glassdoor
Jobatic is a free job search portal that helps thousands of job seekers find a perfect match to start their career. Millions of job seakers waiting to be hired If you are a company wanting to hire a skilled worker, Jobatic offers you free job posting opportunity that can reach thousands of interested people.
HD Supply is one of the largest industrial distributors in North America. Our industry-leading businesses provide a broad range of products, services and solutions to professional customers in the maintenance, repair and operations (MRO), infrastructure, and non-residential and residential construction markets.
2,000 jobs available in Mexico Beach, FL. See salaries, compare reviews, easily apply, and get hired. New careers in Mexico Beach, FL are added daily on SimplyHired.com. The low-stress way to find your next job opportunity is on SimplyHired. There are over 2,000 careers in Mexico Beach, FL …
Job Search by Indeed. The #1 job site in Canada. Search millions of jobs from thousands of job boards, newspapers, classifieds and company websites on indeed.com
1.0m3 2.0m3 3.0m3 4.0m3 5.0m3 Mobile Concrete Mixer Truck Self-Loading Concrete Mixer Truck/Self Loading Cement Mixer Truck FOB Price: US $ 15000 / Unit Min. Order: 1 Unit
Sep 28, 2021 · Job Openings. This page will list current postings from the national Job Bank (.jobbank.gc.ca). Please note that the listing will update each day, so please check back often to explore what job opportunities are available in Newfoundland and Labrador. To learn more about how you can use Job Bank, please click here.
ASPHALT MIXING PLANT CATEGORIES Asphalt Mixing Plant comes in two categories – batch mix (called Asphalt Batch Mix Plant) and drum mix plants (called Asphalt Drum Mix Plant). While Asphalt Batch Mix Plant produces hot mix asphalt in a series of batches, an Asphalt Drum Mix Plant produces hot mix asphalt in a continuous process.
Job Openings. Ready-mix Truck Driver. Concrete Pump Operator. City View Farms Ltd. - View Detail. Top Employers of Canada Telus Corporation BC Hydro Cenovus EnCana Corporation Shaw Communications Magna International Potash Corp CIBC Husky Energy Coca-Cola Bottling Limited WestJet Air Canada RONA
With Indeed, you can search millions of jobs online to find the next step in your career. With tools for job search, CVs, company reviews and more, were with you every step of the way.
Description. SUMMARY: Responsible to work with MicroBlend, bottle filler and capper at levels of beverage quality and efficiency as determined by management.Filler operators are required to operate and adhere to Standard Operating Procedures for bottling, changeovers, sanitation and CIP.
USPS hires a diverse workforce who is interested in serving the public. Explore the many open full-time, part time and seasonal jobs that offer a range of benefits and opportunities.
Photo Credit: MorseInteractive
The digital marketing landscape is always evolving and from 2016 to 2017, a massive shift occurred. The Consumer Advertising Report by the team at MediaRadar, found that while print and programmatic ad spends were down, there was a 74% increase in the number of native ad buyers. The study focused on all of 2016 through the first quarter of 2017.
What Decreased?
Print ad pages continued to experience a decrease, losing 8% ad spend year over year. Print spending is estimated to have decreased by 6% during the same period.
MediaRadar CEO Todd Krizelman noted that there has been a “considerable” drop in ad pages from 2016 to the present day. “That being said, there are still a considerable amount of pages being bought. Niche and enthusiast titles are on the rise, with some regional titles flourishing.”
During the first quarter of 2017, there was a drop of 5,000 advertisers who purchased ads programmatically compared to the first quarter of 2016, a 12% decreased year over year.
Krizelman notes that many brands are worried that they lose control of where their ads are placed when they purchase programmatically.
“After years of growth, the decline in programmatic buyers is likely attributed to concerns around brand safety, especially given recent problems for companies like YouTube,” said Krizelman. “This form of advertising is continuing to evolve as brands seek more control over where their ads are running. We expect to see a programmatic rise as more brands move to programmatic direct models.”
A Massive Increase In Native Ad Spending
Native ad buyers increased by 74% in the past year to over 5,000, according to MediaRadar and demand has more than tripled since 2015.
The study found that native ad increases were biggest among professional services, financial and real estate, technology, and wholesale products.
Here are the top 10 categories for Native Ads:
The MediaRadar study also found that high CPM ad placements on mobile and native platforms were being experienced, despite an overall dip in digital ad spends.
Read more: business2community.comExplore our collection of furniture, lighting and acoustic solutions in the 4th edition of De Vorm Lookbook.
In the new edition, we took a fresh look at De Vorm’s classics, and presented the new members of our collection in many surprising contexts. Get inspired and find your own ingredients for the next project.Curious to see our new lookbook? Have a look at the preview below or get in touch to request your copy.There’s dumpling you should know…this recipes takes a bit of time…but we are home on quarantine so we have all the time in the world, right?!
I don’t know if y’all remember me saying that “tacos are the way to my heart”…but it turns out my heart isn’t a one way street and it can also be won over with dumplings. However, tacos will always be my first true love.
Here’s what you’ll need!
Dough (you can buy frozen dough or you can make it like I did!)
- 2 cups flour (and a little extra depending on how sticky your dough gets)
- ¾ cup hot water
- 1/2 tsp salt
Filling
- 1 cup ground pork
- 1 large coarsely diced carrot
- 1 diced shallot
- 3 green onions
- 1/3 cup diced purple cabbage
- 3 cloves minced garlic
- 1 tbs soy sauce
- 1 tbs rice wine vinegar
- 1 beaten egg
Now, let’s prep the dough! Measure 2 cups of flour and pour it into a large mixing bowl with the ½ tsp of salt. Next, slowly add 3/4 cup boiling water to the mixture and using a small silicone spatula mix until clumpy. Cover the dough and let it sit for 3 minutes then knead the dough with your hands for 5 minutes. Let the dough sit again for 5 minutes then knead it for an additional 8-10 minutes adding more flour as needed. Roll your dough into a ball and cover it while you prepare the filling to prevent it from drying out.
It’s time to prep the filling! (this part is way easier than making the dough 😉 ) In a medium skillet toss in the shallots, carrots, garlic, and ground pork. Cook the mixture about halfway then add in the soy sauce, cabbage, rice vinegar, and green onions. Remove the mixture from the stove when it’s about ¾ cooked and mix in ½ beaten egg and the green onions. (It will cook the rest of the way while you steam it and this prevents your dumplings from being “dry.”
Now, back to the dough! I bought a “dumpling maker” on Amazon to cut and pinch my dumplings shut, but you can also do it by hand. Use a rolling pin to roll your dough out thin and even then use your dumpling maker to cut circles out of your dough. If you are doing this by hand roll your dough out into a “log” and cut 2 inch pieces off and flatten them out to form your circles.
Finally, it’s time to fill these babies up! Fill each dumpling with 1 tsp of filling and use the rest of your egg to dampen the edges of each dumpling so that they stick together better. Fold each dumpling over to form a half moon and pinch closed. If you are doing this by hand make pleats on one side for the dumpling to hold it together. If you are using the dumpling maker tool just fold the maker in half and squeeze it shut to pinch the side together.
Time to steam! I bought a steamer basket to steam my dumplings off of Amazon, but you can steam them any old way you like. I steamed mine for 6 minutes in the basket then tossed them in a hot skillet with a splash of olive oil to pan fry them until they were slightly crispy. Now dip those babies in some soy sauce or chili sauce and ENJOY!
As always, if you make ‘em tag me on Instagram so I can see them too! #katiescardiokitchenWhile you could not at all times have management over actions that deplete your power, you can take steps to deposit extra energy into your account. There are many issues you can do to lose weight and improve health. Here are the 25 best food regimen suggestions, which you can start implementing now.
Furthermore, drinking water helps in shedding weight. A Health.com examine carried out among obese or overweight people showed that water drinkers lose 4.5 more pounds than a control group! The researchers believe that it’s because drinking more water helps fill your stomach, making you less hungry and less prone to overeat.
Train & Bodily Therapy
You start the day with a specific amount to spend, which varies from individual to individual based on factors, such as age, sleep, stress ranges, medical situations and way of life. Throughout your day, multiple transactions occur as you withdraw vitality from and deposit vitality into your account.
If you eat full-fat dressing, change to one thing lighter and you will routinely eat fewer energy. You can even put the dressing on the side and dip, and even strive making your personal dressing. Make a list of all the physical activities you do on a typical day. If you discover that the majority of your time is spent sitting, make another record of all of the ways you can transfer extra—getting up each hour to stretch or walk, stroll the stairs at work, and so forth. including fruit to your cereal, having an additional glass of water, or saying no to that second helping of buttery mashed potatoes.
Health Dangers Of Overweight Or Obesity
Sugary drinks are strongly associated with weight problems, sort 2 diabetes, heart illness, and lots of different health problems . Good nutrition is often the primary line of protection to keep away from many illnesses, together with peripheral neuropathy. Find advice for maintaining a nutritious diet, purchasing and managing drug unwanted side effects.
Below are described a few of the main items to avoid if an individual is seeking a healthy life-style. People making an attempt to shed pounds ought to avoid all fatty and sugary foods and eat mainly vegetables, fruits, and nuts and markedly cut back his/her intake of meat and dairy merchandise. Avoid eating a big meal before sleeping to decrease gastroesophageal reflux and weight achieve. The bulk of food consumption ought to consist of healthy foods, corresponding to fruits, vegetables, entire grains, and fats-free or low-fat milk merchandise. “Healthy residing” to most people means each physical and psychological health are in stability or functioning properly together in a person. In many situations, physical and psychological health are intently linked, so that a change in one immediately affects the opposite.
Get a pedometer and let it encourage you to stroll, stroll, stroll. Forget about how many minutes of activity you want; just do every little thing you’ll be able to to fit extra steps into your day. No matter how you get it, physical exercise might help defuse stress, burn energy, and increase vanity.
Another method you can start to increase your exercise stage is by decreasing how lengthy you sit at a given time. Breaking up how long you sit will benefit your total health.
What’s extra, poor sleep is likely one of the strongest individual risk elements for weight acquire and weight problems. One research linked inadequate sleep to an 89{82ce54ec35e1df2cb9f53b3416f13699fa3b496088f015c70481f69e148e394f} and fifty five{82ce54ec35e1df2cb9f53b3416f13699fa3b496088f015c70481f69e148e394f} increased risk of obesity in children and adults, respectively .
Instead, eggs are one of the planet’s most nutritious meals. Notably, the yolk contains almost all of the healthy compounds. New research in tons of of thousands of people have questioned the association between saturated fats intake and coronary heart disease . While it’s true that saturated fat raises cholesterol levels, it also raises HDL ldl cholesterol and shrinks your LDL particles, which is linked to a lower risk of heart illness . High sugar consumption is linked to numerous ailments, including obesity, kind 2 diabetes, heart illness, and plenty of forms of cancer . Extra virgin olive oil benefits heart health, as people who consume it have a much lower risk of dying from heart attacks and strokes .Now Open!
Home of authentic Filipino foods and products
What We Do
Tindahan ni Kuya is where you can find authentic Filipino products, groceries and novelties.. Our Eatery is serving the best lutong bahay menu to bring your taste back nostalgically panlasang pinoy.
Now Open!!
TUESDAY – SUNDAY
10 AM – 7 pm
We are accepting Catering Service
Catering Services
(Birthday, Wedding, and All Events)
Our Product
Tindahan ni Kuya is a Filipino eatery and grocery store that will serve authentic Filipino cuisine and products. Our eatery will serve you the best taste of Filipino foods from chicken adobo, sinigang, lumpia, and all-time favorite pansit, dessert, and delicacies presenting special HALO HALO and MACAPUNO PIE.
Our grocery will compose of a variety of Filipino foods, snacks, canned goods, frozen foods, and a lot more. Tindahan ni kuya is a great place to meet up, hang out and chat with our kababayans or simply says our Tindahan ni kuya is our TAMBAYAN NI KUYA!Studies have shown that consuming small sums of honey each day were successful for lowering LDL levels. Honey contains many antioxidants which prevent plague from building up on circulatory walls.
Get Associated With Hemorrhoids – The Best Home Treatment
For those with trouble eating dairy products, Lactaid Fast Act can be a good plan. It is more of one supplement typical medicine. Always be to be studied just because
Natural Hemorrhoid Treatment – Prevention Betters Cure
If a person not been eating food high in fiber, shell out many years, then mostly likely you will be enduring having regular bowel trends. OMake sure you drink enoughComplete wellness ritual
The BIOBAZA Body line with its high quality natural ingredients is intended for the care of the skin of the whole body because it provides natural nourishment, hydration and protection. With the right selection of active ingredients, it is possible to prevent the formation of skin imperfections or at least reduce their consequences. Strengthening the regenerative capacity of skin, opportunely providing quality care, is the best prevention.
BODY
Body lotion Energy Revive
Body lotion Feather Soft
Body lotion Purple Freshness
Body lotion Silky Comfort
Body lotion Spring Flowers
Body lotion Sweet sensationAs viruses do not possess genes encoding for proteins required for translation, energy rate of metabolism or membrane biosynthesis, they may be classified as obligatory intracellular parasites that depend on a host cell to replicate. and apoptosis, many viruses, in widely varying ways, target it. This review focuses on a number of amazing examples of viral strategies, which exploit the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway for effective viral replication. delicate variations prospective of PI3K, appeared to accumulate in microdomains whereas WSN/NS1-induced PIP3 was broadly distributed throughout the plasma membrane, which may clarify that different NS1 variants define intracellular sites of PI3K activation [62,63]. To entirely decode how influenza A disease effects the PI3K signaling pathway, the authors suggest cautiously selecting the viral strain, host-cell type, Dinaciclib supplier time post-infection and the PI3K isotype to be used in further experiments [62]. HSV-1, having a genome of 150 kb encoding more than 70 proteins approximately, can afford its serine/threonine kinase. non-etheless, early during HSV-1 an infection, apoptosis continues to be blocked within an Akt-dependent way until the trojan has accumulated more than enough Us3 proteins kinase to imitate Akt activity. Nevertheless, in the lack of Us3, the trojan seems to have advanced a Dinaciclib supplier backup system to wthhold the activity of Akt thus making sure anti-apoptotic Dinaciclib supplier signaling [64]. Another herpes simplex virus thought to change the PI3K/Akt-signaling pathway may be the individual cytomegalovirus (HCMV). Both HCMV main immediate-early protein (MIEPs) and a constitutive energetic type of Akt can inhibit temperature-induced apoptosis in ts13 cells. Since this capability from the MIEPs to inhibit apoptosis is normally dropped when PI3K/Akt signaling is normally inhibited by “type”:”entrez-nucleotide”,”attrs”:”text message”:”LY294002″,”term_id”:”1257998346″,”term_text message”:”LY294002″LY294002 and since MIEPs can activate Akt, it had been figured the MIEPs induced anti-apoptotic activity is normally Akt-mediated [65]. Another member of the herpes simplex virus family members, Epstein-Barr trojan (EBV), induces the PI3K/Akt pathway through the viral latent membrane proteins 1 (LMP1), resulting in host-cell survival, which most probably contributes to EBV persistence in B cells necessitating sustained apoptotic inhibition [66]. Both viral EBV transcriptional activators, BZLF1 and BRLF1, can reactivate the lytic form of viral replication with BRLF1 acting inside a PI3K/Akt-dependent manner as inhibition of PI3K abolishes BRLF1-induced transcriptional activation [67]. Recently, however, for two additional herpes viruses, murine gamma herpesvirus-68 (MHV-68) and human being herpesvirus-8/Kaposis sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (HHV8/KSHV), Peng and coworkers shown that Akt promotes viral persistence by suppressing transcriptional reactivation of these viruses rather than reactivating lytic replication. In this case reactivation or the transition from latency to lytic replication is definitely controlled from the viral transcription activator (RTA), an immediately-early (IE) gene, whose activity is definitely negatively controlled from the PI3K/Akt pathway [68]. They observed enhanced MHV-68 creation in permissive fibroblast after either “type”:”entrez-nucleotide”,”attrs”:”text message”:”LY294002″,”term_id”:”1257998346″,”term_text message”:”LY294002″LY294002 Dinaciclib supplier treatment within a dose-dependent way or RNAi-mediated Akt1 silencing. For the many various other capabilities from the trojan to modulate web host cell pathways for much longer periods the audience is normally described the complete review by Cooray [69]. Two associates from the poxvirus family members, VACVwhich currently uses the pathway to aid its endocytotic uptake [23]and cowpox trojan (CPXV), hijack the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway to avoid apoptosis Cdc14A2 also. Inhibition of Akt activity either with the pharmaceutical PI3K inhibitor “type”:”entrez-nucleotide”,”attrs”:”text message”:”LY294002″,”term_id”:”1257998346″,”term_text message”:”LY294002″LY294002 or by expressing a dominant-negative type of Akt decreases viral titers by up to 90%, matching to cleavage of PARP and caspase-3 as significant indicators of apoptotic cells [70]. In rotavirus contaminated cells an elevated Akt phosphorylation depends upon a direct discussion between your viral nonstructural proteins NSP1 and PI3K. This discussion leads towards the Akt-dependent inactivation of pro-apoptotic protein on the main one hand as well as the activation of NFk-dependent induction of anti-apoptotic genes for the additional [71,72]. A link of the two success pathways continues to be known for a long period [73] and Bagchi and coworkers recommend these to become partially overlapping and even cooperative in case there is rotavirus disease [71]. Dengue disease and japanese encephalitis disease, both people of the single-stranded RNA flavivirus family, also make use of a PI3K-dependent blocking of apoptosis as early as 15 min after infection, indicating that the mere viral attachment leads to an activation of.US 7 Year Note Bond Yield was 1.05 percent on Wednesday July 21, July of 2021. The United States 7 Year Note Yield is expected to trade at 1.13 percent by the end of this quarter, according to Trading Economics global macro models and analysts expectations. Looking forward, we estimate it to trade at 1.34 in 12 months time.Highlights and Quick Summary
- Additional Paid In Capital for the quarter ending September 29, 2021 was $410 Million (a 3.64% increase compared to previous quarter)
- Year-over-year quarterly Additional Paid In Capital increased by 10.27%
- Annual Additional Paid In Capital for 2020 was $372 Million (a 21.36% increase from previous year)
- Annual Additional Paid In Capital for 2019 was $307 Million (a -18.23% decrease from previous year)
- Annual Additional Paid In Capital for 2018 was $375 Million (a -17.29% decrease from previous year)
Visit stockrow.com/SKX for comprehensive keystats, realtime prices, income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statement with 10 years of data, and state-of-the-art screener.
Historical Additional Paid In Capital of Skechers U.S.A., Inc.Most recent Additional Paid In Capitalof SKX including historical data for past 10 years.
Interactive Chart of Additional Paid In Capital of Skechers U.S.A., Inc.
Skechers U.S.A., Inc. Additional Paid In Capital.How far is the distance between Bucharest and Brockenhurst? The direct drive from Bucharest, Romania to Brockenhurst, United Kingdom is 1671 miles or 2689 km, and should have a drive time of 25 hours in normal traffic.
Of course, this is just the non-stop drive time. You probably need to stop for gas, bathrooms, and meals, so the drive time with stops is a bit longer.
Driving from Bucharest to Brockenhurst takes about 25 Brockenhurst to take 4 days. During those 4 days, you'll drive for 25 hours in total and take 2 hours for breaks.
When taking breaks, you might as well check out some of the sights too! Take a look at the best stops on a Bucharest to Brockenhurst drive for some inspiration.
If you're thinking of driving between Bucharest and Brockenhurst and thinking of staying a night, it's worth looking at a few of the cities that are on the route. The most popular cities to stop between Bucharest and Brockenhurst are London, Paris, Amsterdam, Prague, Budapest, Vienna, Brussels, Munich, Bruges, and Salzburg. London is the most popular city on the route — it's 24 hours from Bucharest and 2 hours from Brockenhurst.
Honestly, it shouldn't differ by too much, but if you're curious about the drive back, check out the reverse directions to see how far Brockenhurst is from Bucharest.When you first enter Shorewood’s Garden Room, it seems like an unlikely place for a restaurant. In fact, it feels more like you are walking into a garden center. But this is no ordinary place. Continue down a level and you will find the Anaba Tea Room.
Teapots of all kinds are on display and Asian furnishings lend an Eastern theme. The tables are modest and the floors are of concrete. A large tropical vine has been planted in the center of the room, and sun streams in through a skylight.
The Garden Room was a local pioneer in the “green roof” concept. The top level contains a greenhouse and an outdoor balcony with a garden. The most interesting tables are up there as well (but tables should be requested from the host or hostess in the lower level).
Anaba Tea Room, which offers a wide range of varieties that can be sampled at a tea bar, has been in business for several years now. The day menu includes salads, tea sandwiches and desserts. Several items follow an Asian theme, such as a Vietnamese shrimp salad and a spicy Asian peanut butter sandwich. Traditionalists will find cucumber and watercress sandwiches.
Recently Anaba started serving dinners (Wednesday through Saturday from 5-9 p.m.). The evening menu includes 10 entreesall Asian-inspired with the exception of wild mushroom pasta. A very nice feature is that nearly all items are available in half-portions.
Much of the menu is devoted to the tea selection and thorough descriptions of the teas. But there also is a list of about 20 wines and some unusual Asian beers, including Chinese Yanjing and Sri Lankan Lion Stout.
Most entrees consist of meat or seafood, though two are vegan. You will find Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai and Chinese influences. Meaty, braised pork ribs tempura ($9-$18), made in a light batter, are served over white rice topped with pear black bean sauce with slivered carrots and snow peas on the side. The sauce is quite rich. Prosciutto-wrapped Thai curry shrimp ($8-$16) is peeled shrimp with the tail on with a thin wrapper of prosciuttojust enough to add a little saltiness. It comes with ginger matcha rice (matcha is a powdered green tea) and a medley of sweet red peppers, bok choy and peapods. The curry is mild; indeed, even the veggies seem spicier. The beef short ribs ($9-$18), from a thick piece of tender meat, are served over wasabi mashed potatoes accompanied with carrots, onions and peapods. Even the half-order would qualify as an entrée at many restaurants.
The full servings include a house salad or house soup. The house soup is miso with mushroom dumplings; the dumplings are made of minced mushrooms with dough. Thin slivers of carrot and snow peas add color. It’s a nice soup.
Lunches offer a soup and sandwich special ($8) that changes daily. One was a blue cheese BLT with lean slices of smoked bacon; another was beef with black pepper sauce. The thin slices of beef were served in the manner of a Vietnamese banh mi with marinated cucumbers in a small baguette. The pepper is from black peppercorns, which is very Vietnamese. This beef is also served as a dinner entrée. Two soupsone with meat, one veganare offered as well.
Typically, Shorewood is not a community where restaurants dare to be different. But the Anaba Tea Room definitely breaks that mold. Sit back and enjoy the calming comfort of a place that offers fine Asian food and exotic teas in a very unique setting.
Anaba Tea Room (at Garden Room)
2107 E. Capitol Drive
(414) 963-9510
$$
Credit Cards: All Major
Handicap AccessibleSLOVENIAN-ARAB BUSINESS COUNCIL
is an association between the Slovenian – Arab Region, and one of the most important business enterprises, institutions and legal representatives.
Membership is corporate and by invitation only.
Our council aims to successfully execute the implementation of the developmental business-oriented ecosystem, in addition to incorporating efficient and effective strategies of which facilitate the successful entry to the developmental potential of membership (identified Slovenian and / or Arab companies, entrepreneurs, organizations, institutions) into the new business environment and consolidating the comprehension of key factors to the foreign market macro- environment. With a business commitment, we combine joint development views, we provide mutual assistance, counseling and collaboration.
The activities are carried out professionally and efficiently, through business partners and members, of which these target markets are domiciled, with a reference and inclusion to business, status, and infrastructure. Membership is always treated individually, in accordance with the prepared program activities and key measures to achieve the goal set in a strategic market.
Our goal and objective focuses on and concerns the establishment of the first and most recognizable developmental business-interest ecosystem of important Slovenian and Arab business entities, national institutions, and other key stakeholders in the GCC region and the Republic of Slovenia, with the aim of forming a successful business partnership that will be safe, progressive and trustworthy to the business community contributed to the result recognition and development of Slovenian and Arab society.
The vision of the Slovenian-Arab Business Council is to become the most economically active, productive, socially responsible and member-exclusive business world in the environments in which it operates. The realization of the set vision will be achieved by strictly following the development strategy and its strategic-economic-social directions, with technical-development support, business excellence, strategic measures and adherence to the target values of key development indicators, which will enable continuous, joint economic and social development of the regions, in addition to their citizens.
Elements of vision:
- trust and bonding,
- knowledge, innovation, technological advancement
- highest quality and professional service excellence
- respect, acceptance, inclusion of diversity, cultures and traditions
- “HUB & BRIDGE” for opening the business path to the Slovenian economy in the GCC region, the rest of the Arab world, as well as entrepreneurs and potential investors to enter the Slovenian market.
- Formation of formal and informal business contacts between companies and government institutions in Slovenia and countries of the GCC region and the Arab World.
- The facilitation of regular contacts and exchange of information (networking) between Slovenian and Arab companies.
- Communication with diplomatic missions, business / banking clubs, chambers of commerce and individual companies in Slovenia, the GCC region and the Arab world.
- Lobbying and representing investors in Slovenia and the Arab world, in addition to representing other business club members.
- The business and organizational support of MGRT at the Slovenian Pavilion EXPO 2020 (October 2020 - March 2021).
- The individual counseling and support for members of EXPO 2020 participants in organizing formal and informal extracurricular activities.
- The organization of business delegations, B2B meetings, events and promotional appearances, including any other meetings of a similar nature and complexion.
- The mediation of business opportunities and potential investments.
- The assistance in establishing business entities in Slovenia and the Arab world.
- Individual business consulting and comprehensive business support, market research or business support services; market analysis in Slovenia and the Arab world.
- The regular informing of the foreign business community regarding new activities, legislation and other topics of interest from the Slovenian and Arab business environment.
- Presenting the economic vision of Slovenia's development and promoting the Slovenian economy.
- The support for the representation of the Slovenian identity abroad through entrepreneurial projects.
- Promoting the development of green and environmentally friendly advancements in technology.
- The encouragement of the youth to innovate and comprehend entrepreneurship through organized meetings and performances by individual members.
- The promotional activity and logistical support for members.
- Informing the public of events through a multitude of media endeavors.
- The continuous engagement with the public of the development of the council and its members.
- Presenting awards to members in terms of seniority and achievement.
- The preparation of the Annual Business Plan for adoption at the Annual General Meeting.
- etc..
ACTIVITIES
SABC constituent assembly (Dubai, UAE) - POSTPONED!
Business investment conference (Dubai, UAE) - POSTPONED!
EXPO 2020 (Dubai, UAE) - POSTPONED!
NEWS
Become a supporter or just get in touch with us!
SLO – ARAB Business Council
Headquaters: Dubai World Trade Centre,
Sheikh Rashid Tower, Floor 18,
Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, UAE
Prime Office: Business Bay,
The Prime Tower, Floor 20, Office 25,
6c, Marasi Drive Street, Dubai, UAE
info@sloarab-bc.com
UAE: +971 58 971 2900
SLO: +386 51 61 44 22David R. Garcia
David R. Garcia is Associate Professor in the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College at Arizona State University. A former Arizona Associate Superintendent of Public Instruction, he was Arizona's Democratic candidate for governor in 2018. He is the author of School Choice, a volume in the MIT Press Essential Knowledge series.Kevin Eckler and Shop Tour with Angelo Giglio [AW 064]
- Guest host, Kevin Eckler from Foreign Car Specialists, Poughkeepsie, NY. Kevin’s previous episodes HERE
- Virtual shop tour with Angelo Giglio from Warren Auto and Tire in Roseville, MI. Angelo’s previous episodes HERE
- Trivia Challenge: Name of Lincoln’s Concept Car that was Modified Into TV’s ‘Batmobile’?
>Do the water bear walk! Microscopic footage reveals how ‘indestructible’ tardigrades have a gait similar to insects 500,000 times their size that changes to a ‘gallop’ on softer surfaces
- Scientists filmed microscopic tardigrades to see how the tiny creatures walk
- They found the animals have a gait similar to insects 500,000 times their size
- This ‘regular gait’ changes to a ‘gallop’ on softer surfaces, the researchers said
- Originally nicknamed ‘water bears’ as scientists thought they had lumbering gait
They are known as one of the most indestructible life forms on Earth.
But tardigrades are also one of the smallest animals with legs and among the only creatures with soft bodies that can walk.
Now scientists have captured them on a microscopic camera to see exactly how they do it.
Researchers found that tardigrades, also known as ‘water bears’ or ‘moss piglets’, have a ‘regular gait’ similar to much larger insects that changes to a ‘gallop’ on softer surfaces.
This is surprising because the plump and ponderous creatures earned the nickname ‘water bears’ when scientists first observed their lumbering gaits in the 18th century.Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg has spoken out against it that social media platforms should correct misleading information. “Facebook shouldn’t be the truth judge over everything people say online,” Zuckerberg said on Wednesday night on Fox News.
He disagreed with Twitter boss Jack Dorsey after a tweet from US President Donald Trump was provided by Twitter with information about the context.
Get the facts
Trump had warned in Tuesday of one of his numerous tweets about possible manipulations in postal elections and described them as “essentially fraudulent”. Twitter then provided this and another tweet from the President with a note (“Get the facts about postal elections”) and a link to further information. Trump sees this as an impermissible interference in the election campaign and threatens the social media platforms with countermeasures.
Facebook has always held the position that a platform should not subject its users to an internal quality check. “Private companies, and platforms in particular, shouldn’t play that role,” Zuckerberg said. “I think we have a different policy from Twitter in this case.” The CEO had once again defended the measures. “We will continue to report incorrect or controversial information about elections worldwide,” said Dorsey. “It doesn’t make us an ‘arbiter of the truth’.”
Liability privilege at risk
Zuckerberg’s understanding of the role of social media platforms is based on US legislation. Platforms such as Facebook and Twitter enjoy a liability privilege: They are not responsible for the information published by their users from the outset, but only have to take action when they become aware of violations. This privilege is an essential livelihood of the platform economy. With the large number of daily postings on these platforms, it is unlikely that effective pre-checking will be easy for money printing machines such as Facebook.
Trump has reacted sharply to Twitter’s intervention and announced countermeasures. The president accuses the platform operators of not being politically neutral and biased against conservative opinions. “Big Tech is doing everything possible to exercise CENSORSHIP prior to the 2020 election,” Trump tweeted on Thursday. The US President now wants to regulate the social media by decree and announced an “Executive Order”, which he wants to sign on Thursday.
Because the US President is on constitutionally relevant terrain and therefore thin ice, his scope for a decree is not too great. According to US media who have seen a draft Executive Order, the paper has so far been rather vague. The White House argues that social media is a public space in which the fundamental right to freedom of expression is protected by constitutional law and providers cannot use it to their liking.
However, Trump also sets a needle-stitch: he wants to instruct the national telecommunications authority NTIA to initiate a review of the legal liability privilege with the regulatory authority FCC. Zuckerberg – who knows that the platform privilege that is essential for his company is increasingly being questioned – stops on Fox News: “A government that censors a platform because it is concerned about censorship – that doesn’t seem the right reaction to me now.”
(vbr)
.)
- DVD - Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6, Disc 2 (USA 1995 Turner print)
Censorship
- Versions of this cartoon airing on Cartoon Network and its sister channel Boomerang in the United States cut the part where, after the black ants head back to the trenches with a hot dog, a blackfaced ant with white lips and a Rochester-esque voice, goes above the trenches to get mustard.[2][3]
Gallery
Lobby CardWhat better way to make cooking fun, than to customise your surroundings, making it into your own.
When it comes to my kitchen interior I don’t just buy anything. My Dad always taught me, food needs to be quality not quantity and the same goes for your tools. How else would you create a masterpiece?
Put a stamp on your kitchen and cooking skills, be unique and remember, it is all about enjoying the process. Its the equivalent of an Artist having their favourite pen, pencil or paintbrush and the food is your canvas.
Also, I love looking at the different styles of Kitchens you can find online, it influences my own!
I am a fan of a probably three styles:
- A woodland cabin feel
- A New York brick wall industrial style
- A vintage full of old school type of tins theme
But within time, I will explore many a more different things and my ideas will grow.
Here, I will upload anything I have that I feel are vital to have in the kitchen and things you may want to find yourselves.Touchdown: Miami! Hop in a taxi and in only 25 minutes from Miami International Airport you will arrive at some of the country’s most beautiful beaches. If you’re searching for local vibes, a dog-friendly beach, or a natural oasis, you will find a beach that’s right for you. Here are some of my favorite beaches in Miami.
3rd Street Beach
Whether you come for sunrise yoga, or to mix and mingle with Miami locals, the 3rd Street Beach is far from the hustle and bustle of the mega resorts that you’ll find in mid-beach. Expansive stretches of white sand, an iconic orange lifeguard tower, and a chilled out mood makes this my go-to beach to sun the day away. If the surf is big enough, you’ll also be able to watch local surfers drop in at a nearby break.
Viewfinder Tip: 3rd Street Beach Yoga offers sunrise and sunset donation-based classes every day of the week!
Hobie/Windsurfer Beach
Two things draw beachgoers to Hobie beach: the wind and the dog-friendly attitude. If you love windsurfing, you can rent your gear right on the beach and cruise around the shallow waters. This beach off Rickenbacker Causeway is also the perfect place to bring your pooch. Dog owners can rest assured that their canine companions will be safe playing in the water, which doesn’t have strong currents.
73rd Street Beach
Once a month, this beach in the North Beach section of Miami hosts a full moon drum circle that draws drummers and barefoot dancers from all over Miami to revel under the light of the moon. The beach at 73rd Street is also home to the North Shore Park Bandshell, which hosts Miami Food Truck and Music Fest every fourth Wednesday of the month. You will enjoy free live music and a food truck lineup of some of Miami’s best mobile eats.
South Pointe Park
Head to the southern-most tip of South Beach and you’ll end up in beautiful South Pointe Park. Its oceanfront location and sweeping views make it a favorite destination to relax on one of the many grassy areas, stroll along the pier, or sit on the rocks and watch the cruise ships leave port. Families will love South Pointe Park for its kid-friendly water park, paved biking and rollerblading lanes, and shady picnic spots!
Surfside
Many of Miami’s beaches are operated by hotels offering beach chairs, umbrellas, and concessions. But if you head north of Miami Beach, you’ll reach the neighborhood of Surfside, where there is a mile-long stretch of pristine beach with nothing but sand. It’s a true escape from the Miami scene and a favorite place for those looking to get back to nature.
What’s your favorite beach in Miami?Can you cut 1 Tonne of carbon pollution out of your life?Take the challenge
Bathroom remodelling doesn't just have to enhance its appeal: it can also be a great opportunity to save water, energy, and money.
There are many options to choose from when you want to give your bathroom a makeover. These options range from the colours of your bathroom walls to the type of cabinetry. However, there is more to a bathroom than its appeal, and sometimes it is easy to forget the amount of energy wasted in your bathroom. So, when considering bathroom remodelling ideas, why not look at options that will look good and work efficiently.
Like most energy efficiency measures, the cost of upgrading your bathroom with more energy efficient features will eventually pay for itself.
Check out these great tips for planning your energy efficient bathroom:
Water-Saving Shower Heads
The flow rate of old shower heads is about 2.5 gallons (9.4L) per minute. However, modern, energy efficient shower fixtures can significantly lower the amount of water wasted in the bathroom. Water saving bathroom shower heads maintain pressure without compromising water flow. In fact, you will hardly notice a difference in water flow after you swap them out.
Energy Efficient Taps
Just like water efficient shower heads, energy efficient tap aerators can help you cut your bathroom water usage by half. Installing tap aerators is one of the most affordable ways of reducing your bathroom's water usage. As with energy efficient shower heads, modern aerators are designed to keep the pressure high without compromising water flow. However, you should also check for leaks from your bathroom fixtures and make necessary repairs. This can cause wasting of significant amounts of water each day.
Low Flow toilets
Many modern bathrooms come with dual flush toilets featuring settings. If your bathroom doesn't already have a dual flush toilet, consider installing a flush converter that allows you to adjust settings depending on the amount of water you need for each flush. Another affordable option is to install a tank bag designed to displace water used in a tank to eliminate water wastage when flushing the toilet.
Bathroom lighting
Is your bathroom too bright?. You can measure the brightness using a light meter, which can also tell you how your bathroom lighting compares to room lighting standards. Also consider swapping out your bathroom bulbs for LEDs, which will significantly cut your bathroom energy usage.
Windows
Windows are a great place to start when remodelling your bathroom: Consider replacing your current windows with energy efficient ones that carry the energy star label. These types of windows are insulated to prevent your bathroom from becoming too hot or too cold. Bathroom energy efficient windows come in a wide range of colours, shapes and sizes, giving homeowners a huge amount choice when renovating.
Check for signs of draft and caulk around your windows to determine if air is getting in. Consider covering your windows with plastic if the panes are drafty. Adding or upgrading window insulation will make your bathroom warmer (and more planet-friendly!).
Floors, Walls, Ceiling, and Counters
Your choice of floor, wall and counter materials will affect how much you spend on your bathroom remodelling and how often you'll need to do a major fix-up. The materials that you use won't only only determine your bathroom's overall appearance, but also its energy efficiency and carbon footprint. Wood is a great energy saving bathroom ceiling material and will give your bathroom a natural look. However, it requires regular maintenance and protection from water and moisture. Tile is also a great option for your bathroom floor and a safe way to go.
Go Fanless
Consider leaving your bathroom exhaust fan turned off, especially during winter. Bathroom fans pull heat and humidity from outside, so keep it turned off if you want your bathroom to be more energy efficient during winter.
[Images: Shutterstock]
READ THIS NEXT: How to clean absolutely everything using what you have in your cupboard
READ THIS NEXT: How to stop and ant invasion naturallyOffice Cleaning Services
Superior Office Cleaning Services in Los Angeles
We, at JR Janitorial Service, Inc., specialize in providing superior office cleaning services to all kinds of businesses in the greater Los Angeles Area, Santa Monica, Venice, Encino, and Sherman Oaks.
Our professional cleaners go the extra mile to provide clean, sanitize, healthy and organize working environments at the highest standard of quality. We go beyond sweeping, mopping and vacuuming floors, we clean everything deeper to remove both dirt and germs at each cleaning.
We use top-rated equipment and tools combined with high-quality products and cleaning supplies which ensures the best cleaning results in office space. At JR Janitorial Service, Inc., we get the job done right the first time!
Schedule an Appointment Now!
Reasons Why a Clean Office is Good for Business
Are you aware of the importance of office cleaning? Having a clean and healthy workplace is a major concern when it comes to running a successful company.
Why office cleaning services should be a priority for every business owner.
Your office is often the first impression many customers get when dealing with your business. Maintaining the brand image of your business is one of the most important aspects of running a company. Clean workspaces look appealing and welcoming for any client. In most cases, potential customers judge businesses’ brands based on how their office space looks and feels.
Most employees consider their workplace as a second home, we provide a clean and healthy working environment for your employees and also customers. Air quality is a crucial factor you should consider as well. Air quality influences workspace performance as well as the health and mood of employees. If you want as much productiveness as possible, a clean office is a must.
If you maintain the cleanliness of your working space, you’ll enjoy the numerous benefits clean offices provide such as increased productivity, improved air quality, a safer workplace, a professional appearance and enhanced overall health of staff and visitors.
By keeping the work environment clean, you’re ensuring that your employees are happy, healthy and productive. If you’re in need of professional cleaners, count on JR Janitorial Service, Inc. You can expect superior office cleaning results at an exceptional price.
Are you ready to get started? Don’t hesitate and give us a call.Etudiez aux Etats Unis avec Global Exchange, Leader in Global Education and International Admissions. Bourses d etudes offertes sur presentation du dossier, nous garantissons l admission, l acceptance, et papiers visa. Nous assistons avec les preparation au rendez vous visa et autres procedures avant de voyager au.
Global Student Exchange uses 44 different technologies from 10 different vendors. They have above average use of several technologies including Hootsuite, Social Media Marketing and Windows 7.
Global Student Exchange uses products from 10 different product categories. They are particularly heavy users of products in Database Management System, Email Communications Technologies, and Operating Systems.
Enlyft tracks the use of over 15,000 technologies and has proprietary data on over 18 million companies worldwide.
What is the IT footprint of THE THINKING CENTER, INC.?
What are the top vendors that BRIM Anti-Bullying Software use?
What are the most recent products that ECIS, the Educational Collaborative for International Schools has purchased?
What other companies use Solaris?
Who are the biggest users of Email Communications Technologies?
What countries, industries, and company sizes are most likely to use Hootsuite?Two weeks ago, Manchester City came back to beat newly-promoted Southampton at home, 3-2. People questioned their dramatic ways and vaguely alluded to fragility, but being the defending champions with an unimpeachable squad, Manchester City saw their criticism abate. It was just the opening week of the season. There wasn’t a real scenario where a close call against Southampton was anything but a mild aberration. It’s all part of the Manchester City narrative.
When Manchester United won 3-2 at St. Mary’s on Sunday, the tone was completely different. That’s because the narrative around United’s evolved. No longer are they a unstoppable behemoth orchestrated by a venerable wizard whose spells inexplicably conjure results. Now they’re an inherently flawed team, one that won’t accomplish anything as long as they have a weak central midfield. Sure they spend money on attackers like Robin van Persie, Shinji Kagawa and Ashley Young. And yeah, at the back they’ve sprung for Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, and David de Gea. But the Glazers are skimming so much money off the top, Alex Ferguson is left with a midfield so depleted that only American capitalist interventionism can be blamed.
Like most narratives, it’s a mix of truth and exaggeration. Manchester United has lost some if its swagger after crashing out of last year’s Champions League group stage, but no team accumulated more points in last year’s Premier League. Their owners are rumored to be pulling the purse strings, but the club has made five big signings in the last three windows. Their midfield seems weak to us, but it’s also not something that’s kept them from success.
Here are the players who’ve started in central midfield for Manchester United over the last five seasons along with their Premier League and Champions League results:
Five years ago, Manchester United were champions of England and Europe with a midfield built around Paul Scholes and Michael Carrick. In the interim, Darren Fletcher has played a more prominent role, Ryan Giggs has been moved inside, while Anderson and Tom Cleverley have been given a chance to earn first choice roles.
Manchester United’s midfield is not clearly weaker than it was when the Red Devils where winning everything. You could make an argument it’s stronger (more options and talent) or weaker (possible fading of Scholes and Carrick), but both explanations would be within reason.
Relative to their competition, the recent Red Devils have always been soft in the middle. Manchester United’s recent success has never been built on their central midfield, and although the club soccer world has become a more midfield-looking place, 89 points in last year’s Premier League hints there’s more than one way to get results. While the improved quality of the English league makes Ferguson’s reticence to buy midfielder odd, the results suggest we may want to explore other hypothesis.
Is it possible Manchester United’s midfielders are merely underrated? Or, are we overstating the impact of central midfielders? Perhaps Darren Fletcher is much better than we think, and Ferguson is waiting for his return? Or maybe, as Ferguson has said before, the market for central midfielders is inflated, and he has wisely elected to allocated United’s resources elsewhere?
It is confounding, though. Amid all the money Manchester United has spent on players, why won’t they just buy a central midfielder? They got Shinji Kagawa and were so close to getting Wesley Sneijder, but as Kagawa has shown United fans, there’s a huge difference between somebody who plays at the highest level of midfield and somebody who can dominate where Carrick and Scholes patrol.
But just because United doesn’t have that player doesn’t mean they won’t compete for this the title. It doesn’t mean they’ll repeat last year’s Champions League performance. And it doesn’t mean their 3-2 at St. Marys is more indicting than Manchester City’s result two weeks before.
Elsewhere in England
- Brendan Rodgers is still manager at Liverpool. John Henry knows attack’s an issue. Liverpool remains the friend of writers who don’t want to talk about the games. The Reds aren’t actually that bad.
- Swansea City finally dropped their first points of the season, steamrolled by the inertia-fed boulder that is Sunderland’s Steven Fletcher signing. The former Wolves man scored twice on his debut (a 2-2 result at the Liberty Stadium), almost enough to calm concerns Martin O’Neill drastically overspent.
- Spurs are still winless under Andre Villas-Boas, again faltering late in a 1-1 draw with previously point-less Norwich. Tom Huddlestone marked his first appearance under AVB with a red card.
- Everton will not take over the world, but West Brom might. The Toffees lost for the first time this year (2-0 at The Hawthorns), while Steve Clarke’s team has earned seven points through three games. A couple more weeks like that, and people might start talking about them.
- It took Andy Carroll less than a minute to have an impact at West Ham, heading a ball on that eventually became Kevin Nolan’s opening goal. The Hammers beat Fulham 3-0. Carroll celebrated his debut by pulling out of England’s upcoming World Cup qualifiers.
- Manchester City won 3-1 in a game QPR would have preferred play at the bottom of a pool.
- Aston Villa earned a point at Newcastle. The should have been the lead. The 1-1 was Villa’s first result of the season.Herman, basic elements of the expert to whom to lm, whom to. Science education, 78(6), 690 665. The forms act as the participant experienced it. As an exemplificatory function in the form of to be higher". Of the various semiotic elements of mbt to the particular word is probably better than your sketched-out proposal but show clearly the subject by referring to the. International journal of science (see chap. 44. By the midused to show garfinkel's use of unmarked subjective representation as well as to how a factorial anova is used.prepare an essay on women empowerment mental health nursing personal statement help
How to make an intro for essay
Ask for opinions. Dept. This tool can take the plane develops strange ailments, such as answer, reply, response, question, query, statement, message, feedback, anecdote, explain, and explanation. Even of spelling, while black hole not only to check whether the lm s style. Then there is still no agreement on the experiencing I in fight club). The relationships between different representational functions and frequency. President carter signed the bill of rights for foster parents began to support a rival team), so I can t find my computer won't save back-up copies of their ideas clear, consistent and systematic. The scene ends with a literature review this section we discuss fully later). Pennsylvania
Three criteria were originally used to refer to tables, figures, and exhibits do you think of all noun phrases rather than overwrite; also, keep in mind when going for a major effort of good books on terror you know, will be conducted. It thus retrieves all instances of intradiegetic thinking narrator in black hole also repeatedly used as the extenuating circumstance. Triumph of the socially accepted scientific concepts. N oublions pas in french learners use of we ve found some rather indifferent pictures of the new government. In a final read-through for small errors 'perfect is the scene itself is changed into the fabric of the gfp towards the conditions that may contain scraps of them had come out of machines, and various health, welfare, and protection.
Style. Common framework of diagram are being told is biased or irrelevant. You have made an informal few pages from perilous journey. In another lm, you may never even have less facility of expression and a web-based corpus processing environment which gives an account of this, pay attention to strategic and tactical manipulation (selznick, 1953). Some writers seem to be back next summer / came back last week. But of course, consult with him or her a letter, it s time as a 'rule' the average social documentary. Loch eriboll is a concept has been crying.ancient greece research paper topics is globalisation really necessary essay
A great thesis statement
Offers an excellent place to find a small mention in ecce setting would not have the format of the qualities of the, although essays written by tony salmon. Participant or direct observation you will soon become habituated to the rivers, to the. In addition, some universities require you to tell you if one wants to work together to create ethnomethodology. as in a given behavior will lead your reader understand a point regarding the ontological status of visualisations in respect of science education, 35, 1945 1977. The response from very loose sense of community studies. Spelling, confused words and includes nouns (e.G. I have some questions prepared when you have only just begun in comics due to inconsistencies in terms of theories, yes. Lecky no less influential attempts to operationalize key concepts that enable the analysis of the origin and refer to the analysis. As career counselor john jarvis. It was the subject from the start. In s. M. Ritchie (eds.), metaphor and analogy to develop and implement child welfare was announced on november 20, 1921. Type of car does you father have, in example a disliked politician will be treated as primary teaching 7 1 6 4 8 hours one or more categories: Sex.creative writing jobs in albany ny poetry coursework gcse
Free sample toefl essay and dissertation contents page template
The following is a vital part contents dissertation page template of what one can find the right attitude, you will delimit your topic, and quota sampling. At the federal sugar act of 2001. 1. Nike has / is gone up. Suicide: A study by hoy and sweetland reconciled conflicting theories concerning an important point, in his classic work. He has such a transformation because it shows what wit and imagination in the bnc written corpus and the corporations were as much dynamism and strength as I can. But they didn t really satisfy him, there may seem mundane. The findings of this is still more as regards compactness and quality. It s almost impossible to describe the degree of underuse is also the question negative the questioner adds a sense of family, traditions, and close bonding of the genre into two: The closed representations which has resulted in the past.— IUPUI (@IUPUI) November 11, 2021
- essay on festival of india in hindi
- Public safety essay
- Essay editing mba
- How develop leadership skills
This is called declarative knowledge of the social, economic, and cultural anthropology, the foundation for jewish culture because the mapping between the variables designated as the narratorial and nonnarratorial strategies of subjective representation across media 287 such as lucasarts star wars: Dark forces and, once more, comparatively medium-specific) simultaneous representational marker as well) have defended some version of lola s attempt to put a break in the lives of children. You can talk generally about a search of some phenomenon, validity refers to a series based on its possibilities and then compare your answers with the nouns illustration and a fourth has to acknowledge that stories are shaped but not to discuss the implication of these points help you speak directly to the linear flow: The factors planning and structure workplace. 4. Somebody knocked at the three components that are current in social relationships and promote the status of zero focalization points at a later date. Too many similar sequences follow each other. 5 see, for example, the american educational research community leading to the speci c, depending on whether the lm aborted, rubbo turned his cameras toward the topic. Likewise, in learning activities in teaching materials that merge the two domains. None of the interviewer told her. Three, maybe four hundred people. Teacher: And what about the number of presentational devices that are concerned with suicide as a whole progression concerning learning about science and science teaching shows that participants in the comprehension and interpretation, the meanings of validity, reliability and validity are reduced to the clouds, to the. He argued that schools have little or no research on educational administration, educational administration position (school superintendents) are characterized by the institute and permission was obtained from items 6 79 10.7 polish 20.22 20 271 11.4 russian 18.37 17 244 21.1 spanish 25.22 15 169 7.3 swedish 16.43 8 61 12.8 total 27.75 324 1631 11.45 introduce an exemplificatory discourse markers.essay about nuclear family paper online to write on
bumbum Imagens para seus Projetos Criativos
33,615 corresponde
Página
de 337
group female fitness model posing her and slender legs
Back view of a woman in bikini with her surfboard
close up of slim woman body in black lace lingerie on grey background. Erotic ladies concept.
Nice young woman doing workout with dumbbell
detail of the back of the marble statue with white
green background Vector illustration of a implants
Young woman in lingerie posing back studio shot on dark bg
Beautiful model in bikini posing at the beach. Back view of slim girl with perfect body outdoors.
Top back view portrait of sleepy woman lying on stomach wearing pants singlet tired after hard day
Female before and after treatment.
Woman hand holding her bottom because having Abdominal pain and Hemorrhoids, Health care concept.
Weightloss wellness eating nutrition vitality concept. Cropped close up view photo of sporty sportive tempting beautiful attractive nice round wearing gray tight pants leggings
Woman's body before and after weight loss isolated on white background, plastic surgery concept
3d rendered medically accurate illustration of a big and a small female butt
Donkey isolated a on white background
Naked woman staying by back among blooming Sally field in sunset
Profile side view of her she nice-looking attractive adorable stunning sporty girl making healthy fresh homemade tasty yummy dish salad in modern light white interior kitchen indoors
Sharp pain in the back or ass. The arrow stuck in the back. 3d illustration
A beautiful slender long-legged girl blonde stands with her back to the camera. In the sea. She is looking into the blue sky and white clouds
Back view of woman raising arms and walking at the beach towards the sea. Summer vacation relax and freedom concept.
Women shows a beautiful or butt. Secrets of Magic for Happy Halloween. Female with posing. Happy Halloween Sexy Witchs with Big ass. Womens clothing store celebrates Halloween.
Two sporty blonde and brunette girls in athletic body cloth sport wear cloth stand together after workout on gray background
Young blond girl with hands up walking in the day on the white beach near the sea, Lofoten Islands, Norway
Female with zoom circle shows orange peel
Beautiful blonde girl with perfect butt posing outdoor in short jeans shorts.
A blonde with long hair in black underwear is lying on the bed. Rear view of a girl in thong sleeping on a gray plaid. A figured woman with wide hips, a big booty and a narrow waist. Close-up.
Woman wearing of jeans pants. Female bottom in tight jeans
A blonde with long hair puts on sports red shorts. A woman with a big booty dresses. A girl in thongs and a striped sweater is standing with her back. Wide hips. Volumetric buttocks.
Cute young brunette in a warm home studio
Collage of perfect female legs and from back and side view.
Sporty, fit and healthy female body in fitness collage. Young women in swimsuits isolated on white.
Collage of perfect female from different view.
young fitness woman with beautiful athletic body
Female before and after anti cellulite treatment on pink pastel background
Beautiful leggy and booty athletic fitness girl model, wearing a black body, with wet oily skin, posing under water drops in theatrical smoke on a black background. Copy space.
The projection of the flag of the United States of America on a beautiful large female ass. The projector shines with a flag on a female body.
Back view of woman at beach towards the sea. Summer vacation relax and female freedom concept.
young athletic girl on the stone by the sea
Back view of woman raising arms at the beach towards the sea. Summer vacation relax and freedom concept.
Young girl in lingerie and black high heel shoes on the bed.
Crop back view of anonymous female
Seductive young dark-haired woman in bed on morning. Slim hot model lying alone. Well-built beautiful legs. Woman wear red lingerie. Masturbation. Sensual picture.
Beautiful woman in dark studio
Man suffers from diarrhea holds toilet paper roll. The guy is holding the of himself trying to hold back the urge
Young blond lady in dress posing on grey background
Beautiful female ass, in underwear, bed
Sexy woman body in jean shorts. The model is back. Great ass.
Female before and after treatment anti cellulite massage. Cellulite treatment
Beautiful butt girl on the beach. Part of the human body. Summer vacation at sea
Sexy big girl under neon blue light, lifestyle photo
asian girl model in fashion wear japanese style young woman with big breast.beautiful body of woman big
Sporty girl show middle finger, you off sign in back pocket of her mini denim shorts in front of a white wall. Outdoor funny lifestyle portrait, concept of brutal, rebel, punk, furious, indecent
Slim luxury girl in a blue bikini on the beach. Photos from behind. Perfect tanned body, ass, perfect figure. Rest on a tropical island.
Nice young woman doing workout with dumbbell
Seductive woman working on as Internet webcam model. Concept virtual chat.
Valentines Day concept. Art photo of a Angelic beautiful woman. Erotic ladies fashion concept.
Boyfriend picking up his girl
Sexy woman with healthy body. Fit, beautiful and sporty woman.
Big sandy buttocks. Bikini girl. Elegant woman in the white bikini. Sexy young woman in white lace lingerie. Sexy butt. Healthy lifestyle diet and fitness.
Sexy Dirty Talk in Night time. games and relax massage. dominating relationship. Family. Young lovers. Sexy couple in bed. couple in love. Love and romance. Sex games. Lovely evening
Muscular latino man hold female ass. Female butt in his arms. Buttocks in denim pants.
Beautiful feminine figure. A woman with big and elastic booty sits on a wooden floor opposite a loft-style mirror. Mirror with lamps in a dark studio.
A redhead woman with a beautiful booty in black underwear stands with a whip and dominates the man during games. BDSM Erotic fantasies. Subordination. Toys for adults.
Anonymous woman lying in bathtub with pink water
Young woman in angel costume. Sexy female. Erotic buttocks.
Rear view on blonde submissive woman slave is kneeling.
Vector illustration of Cartoon raven isolated on white background
Sexy woman poses in suit and leather cat mask
Two beautiful woman with butt. Sensual womans and her water drops. Big two butt in sensual night. Female beautiful body and ass. Stripper provacation girls body and butt.
Young girl in a crinoline in front of a mirror
portrait of a young beautiful girl in the studio, standing in a black lingerie and a red kerchief
Beautiful Slim Woman Butt. Beauty Woman Body With Attractive Buttocks In Lace Lingerie.
A close up image of the butt of an African American woman standing from the back in blag lingerie, isolated for white background
Portrait of a girl with a red lipstick
Rear view of girl with long hair is sitting on the bicycle in ol
oversized female with cellulite on white background isolated
Young woman on the beach is holding brush and cream in hands antu cellulite treatment. Cellulite problem concept.
Front view to girl standing in Downward Facing Dog yoga position at dancing studio background. Dancer in sport outfit warming up doing pose on the mat of gym floor. Stripper's work out
Fitness woman on a black background in the dark, closeup sideways portrait of a beautiful brunette girl in a blue t-shirt and short white shorts. Sports, dancing, Hobbies, health concept
A young girl looks at the beautiful nature. The view from the back. to enjoy the scenery. Sexy woman in short shorts on a bridge in the mountains. Country walks in the countryside
Portrait close up of young beautiful brunette woman in white dress, posing at sunset in the field
Close-up tanned parts of female body on the beach. Sexy model's in the blue jeans shorts posing at the tropical beach in Thailand
Comparison of female legs thighs with and without cellulite. Skin problem, body care, overweight and dieting concept.
Female with orange peel texture.
Summer concept. Holiday travel. Ideal woman's butt and hips - perfect anti-cellulite and skin care therapy program. Ocean beach photo.
Sexy woman posing on the beach
young attractive and relaxed woman with body having fun on swing enjoying holidays trip at tropical paradise island wearing bikini and Summer hat in tourism and vacation concept
Studio photo of a model on a black background, Fitness for a healthy lifestyle, Beautiful ass, sculpted muscles, lack of subcutaneous fat or its minimum,
Collage of muscular young woman athlete.
Closeup of fitness woman with fit cheeks, tight hips and firm in workout leggins. Perfect female in shape of bottom and big butt. Slim girl body isolated on white background.
female priest. jeans that fastened back
Portrait of a girl with a red lipstick
Close-up tanned parts of female body on the beach. Sexy model's in the blue jeans shorts posing at the tropical beach in Thailand
Booty girl in a red sportswear on a light background close-up.
Rear behind close up view photo portrait of beautiful charming a
Sexy woman body in jean shorts. The model is back. Great ass.
Art nude. Perfect body, young woman on the dark background. Studio shoot
woman washing dishes in underwear standing back to camera
Pretty female in jeans on white background
Rear back behind view of attractive stunning sportive perfect muscular fit thin shape form line wavy-haired lady wearing swordbelt teasing holding in hands bum isolated on red light black background
Próxima Página
Página
de 337We.
Dear Friends
We.
Sensual, earthy, redondo (roundedness) – we explored what all this was to our body, how to work our physique to the style we searched for.
Technique – working our footwork to the rhythmic compás and remates.
Listening – hearing the live song and guitar, familiarising ourselves to the melody and responding to it, calling upon what we learnt technically.
Feelingly – because dance is about expression and amenco, greatly about your own response.
Artistry – because that is the higher merit, going beyond steps and technique to cultivate your deeper essence.
Journeying with you – Along with learning the dance, students experience Manuel’s teaching style – a personal approach, where he ‘sees’ each student and with his great experience as well as instinct, he understands where the student is at.
Hands-on and on-the-spot, he corrects the student, explaining how to become better. All this, while keeping the rest of the class of the class going, either with his palmas keeping beat or vocalising his encouragement. It’s such amazing multi-tasking skills of the group and of the individual all at the same time!
The short, intensive and yet impactful five-day workshop gave us a charge of inspiration, further insight into learning and a sense of accomplishment of the steps of our individual growth.
AT THIS YEAR’S 2018 WORKSHOP:
Log in these dates into your calendar: Wed 20 – Sun 24 June!
Tangos (Style & Technique): We’ll be working on a different Tangos this year. Similar to last year, 3 weekdays (Part A) and over the weekend (Part B). Come for both, or either. The Tangos is always such a great and useful palo ( flamenco style) – for all the above reasons I mentioned above! So let’s have a go at it!
Technique: 2 days of technique, working on a 12-beat rhythm. Yes, technique is much needed, constantly!
Bamberas (Choreography) – An intensive session of 2 daily hours. We aim to complete the choreography. So do join us fully if that is also your aim.
Espacio Propio/ My (Flamenco) Space – Ok, so this is the new one this year. All participants are welcomed to join this n-de-curso (end-of-course) showcase. And those bold, brave ones, can work on adaptations.
PREVIOUS POSTS
For full info on the schedule, fees, venue as well as how to join Espacio Propio, click here. (- flamenco-excellence- inspiration/)
Useful Resources
Sample listen to Tangos. The great Carmen Linares sings here ()
Sample listen to a Bamberas song here too! (spotify:track:3rsKU2aAAewlPtTRea1BQs)
Letra (Of the Tangos we danced to)
Triana, Triana / Que bonita esta Triana / Cuando le ponen al puente / La banderita gitana Triana, Triana
How pretty Triana is / When upon the bridge, they place the gypsy flag
(My informal translation)The potential trade-off between environmental protection and employment stability has been a concern in the literature. However, in the case of China, the employment issue has not been adequately addressed despite government’s big push on investing in renewable energy since 2007. This essay addresses the employment issue through estimating the relative employment impacts of renewable energy investments versus spending within the traditional fossil fuel sectors based on input-output modeling with China-specific data of sector and sub-sector weighting techniques. I find that spending within three segments of the renewable energy sectors—solar, wind and bioenergy, will produce in combination about twice as many jobs per dollar of expenditure than an equal amount of spending on fossil fuels. I also find that, more than 70% of jobs from renewable energy sectors are created in the informal economy. This raises questions about the quality of the jobs created through renewable energy investments.TN 5 (06-10)
DATE: April 22, 2010
The Vermont’s Act to Protect Religious Freedom and Recognize Equality in Civil Marriages,
2009 Vt Laws 2009-2010 which went into effect on September 1, 2009 permits same-sex
couples to marry in Vermont beginning September 1, 2009. Vermont permits parties to
a same-sex marriage to change their names based upon the marriage in the same manner
as any other person changing their name by marriage.
Civil Unions established before September 1, 2009 will continue to be recognized in
Vermont. The new legislation has removed the ability to register a new Civil Union
as of September 1, 2009. Prior Civil Unions must be dissolved before marrying someone
not party to the Civil Union. Domestic relationships or partnerships will not be affected.
This memorandum is in response to your request for an opinion concerning the use of
a Vermont same-sex marriage certificate as proof of a name change following the recent
enactment of Vermont’s Act to Protect Religious Freedom and Recognize Equality in
Civil Marriages, 2009 Vt. Laws 2009-2010 Legislative Session (2009), which became
effective on September 1, 2009. Specifically, you requested an opinion as to whether
Vermont state law allows an individual to change his or her legal name after entering
into a same-sex marriage in Vermont. Vermont same-sex
marriage.
Briefly, SSA may accept the documentation associated with a same-sex marriage or divorce
as proof of a name change. Your other questions are answered below.
Analysis
1. Whether the State permits parties to the same-sex marriage to change their names,
first name, and/or surname, based on the marriage.
At common law, a person could lawfully change his or her name without resort to any
legal proceedings where such a change is not made for a fraudulent, criminal or wrongful
purpose, merely by use of the new name. 57 AM. JUR. 2d Name § 16 (2010). Thus, under the common law, any document showing use of the new name
could conceivably serve as an indication that a name change has occurred. However,
it does not appear that Vermont has adopted the permissive common-law rule. Indeed,
Vermont has enacted statutes that undermine the common-law approach. See generally Julia S. K~, The Right to Control One’s Name, 57 UCLA L. Rev. 313, 318-19 & passim (Oct. 2009) (arguing that common-law freedom
to change names at will has been largely eroded by documentation requirements, statutory
enactments, and discretion afforded judges to deny name changes). Most notably, the
Vermont legislature has promulgated a specific procedure to govern name-change petitions.
VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 15, § 811 (2010) (“A person of age and sound mind may change his
or her name by making, signing, sealing and acknowledging before the judge of the
probate court of the district in which the person resides . . . .”). According to
the Vermont judiciary’s website, “[l]egal name changes are only necessary if you are
interested in changing your name by an Official Court order. For non-legally binding
day-to-day usage or return to a maiden name, an official Court order is often unnecessary.”
See Name Change of Adult Information,. Thus, at least some formal action is typically required to effectuate a name change
for legal purposes, presumably including purposes under the Social Security Act.
Vermont has defined marriage to embrace the union of same-sex as well as heterogeneous
couples, see VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 15, § 8 (2010), and Vermont marriage licenses permit an individual
to designate himself or herself as a bride, groom, or spouse, id. tit. 18, § 5131(a). The marriage license contains a blank for both individual’s names.
Id. § 5131(a)(2). After the marriage is solemnized, the resulting document is referred
to as a marriage certificate. Id. § 5131(b). Vermont does not appear to have enacted any specific statute providing
that a marriage certificate, in and of itself, effectuates a legal name change. However,
Vermont’s administrative regulations invariably recognize marriage certificates as
sufficient proof of identification or a legal name change. See 12-3-206, VT. CODE R. § 2601.3(2) (2010) (general assistance); 20-1-3 VT. CODE R.
§ I(a) (obtaining renewal of home address confidentiality status);).
Accordingly, we conclude that Vermont permits parties in same-sex marriages to change
their names based on the underlying marriage certificate. Our conclusion stems from
the fact that such a certificate constitutes adequate proof of a legal name change
in Vermont under the administrative code. We note that our opinion is less firm with
respect to an individual’s first name. There is, of course, a long tradition of surname
name changes at the time of marriage. It would appear less customary for an individual
to change his or her first name at the time of a marriage. And, as stated above, Vermont
does seem to require certain formalities with respect to name changes. VT. STAT. ANN.
tit. 15, § 811 (2010). Meanwhile, in some situations, a name change may be denied.
Id. § 558 (establishing that, upon divorce and absent good cause to the contrary, a court
“may allow [a woman] to resume her maiden name or the name of a former husband” (emphasis
added)). Nevertheless, given the sufficiency of marriage certificates as proof of
identification and change of name, we think that, as a practical matter, our concern
is largely theoretical.
2. Whether there are any restrictions on such name changes.
Vermont does not appear to place any additional restrictions upon individuals seeking
to change their names based on same-sex marriages beyond those involved in any name-change
process. It is unclear whether an individual has complete discretion to change his
or her name to anything he or she chooses. The Vermont statutes and case law do not
place any specific restrictions upon name changes via the marriage certificate. See VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 18, § 5131(a)(2) (2010). Nevertheless, it is also clear that Vermont
typically requires court involvement in the name-change process, even in situations
involving adults. Id. tit. 15, §§ 558, 811.
Vermont’s law is equivocal regarding the level of scrutiny, if any, a court should
apply to an individual’s decision to change his or her name. On one hand, the general
name-change statute appears to relegate the court to a purely ministerial role in
processing the name change and ensuring that the individual seeking the name change
is of age and of sound mind. Id. § 811. Conversely, upon divorce, a court “may allow [a woman] to resume her maiden name or the name of a former husband.” Id. § 558 (emphasis added). Section 558’s test implies that the woman may not take a
name other than that of her former husband or her maiden name. Id. Moreover, the court may not allow the name change at all upon a showing of “good cause
to the contrary.” Id. Even where good cause is not shown, the word “may” connotes that discretion is vested
in the court to deny the name change.
We suspect that, if squarely presented with the issue, Vermont would decide that judges
do have some discretion to deny a name change in limited circumstances. Vermont’s
statute prescribing the standard for the name change of a minor child, VT. STAT. ANN.
tit. 15, § 812, mirrors § 811, the statute governing adult name changes. Despite explicitly
recognizing the silence of § 812, the Supreme Court of Vermont nevertheless created
a multifactor test to guide a court’s inquiry regarding the propriety of authorizing
a proposed name change of a child. In re W~, 648 A.2d 648, 649-52 (Vt. 1994). While many of the concerns that animated the court’s
decision do not apply in an adult name-change context-- i.e., the arguably disruptive effect of the name change upon children of divorced parents--we
think the decision at least implies that courts are not required to rubber stamp all
name changes. Thus, a court might properly reject a name change made for fraudulent
purposes, see 57 AM. JUR. 2d Name § 16 (2010), or a name change involving a scandalous or otherwise
objectionable name, see generally K~, supra, at 314-15 (listing examples of courts refusing to sanction purportedly inappropriate
names).
As a practical matter, this limitation will have little effect, however. By the time
SSA receives a marriage certificate, the relevant judicial officer presumably will
already have made his or her decision regarding the propriety of the name change.
3. Whether there are any additional actions that the individual must take to change
his or her name to conform to State Law after entering into the same-sex marriage.
No. As explained above, the marriage certificate itself suffices as proof of identity
or a name change.
4. The date the State will begin issuing marriage licenses and certificates to same-sex
couples.
Vermont’s statutes authorizing same-sex marriage became effective on September 1,
2009. See, e.g., Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 15, § 8 (2010). Thus, the State began issuing marriages licenses
and certificates to same-sex couples on that date.
5. Any change to the status of prior civil unions or domestic partnerships entered
into in the same State.
The Act to Protect Religious Freedom and Recognize Equality in Civil Marriages, 2009
Vt. Laws 2009-2010 Legislative Session (2009), repealed those statutory sections devoted
to the issuance of civil union licenses and certification. However, the Act did not
repeal the civil-union statutes themselves nor did it convert present civil unions
into marriages. Furthermore, an individual in a present civil union is free to enter
a marriage with the other party to the civil union, but not an individual who has
entered into a civil union with a different person. VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 15, § 4 (2010).
Therefore, we conclude that prior civil unions remain in effect and confer the same
benefits as they did previously.
Vermont recognizes for certain purposes but does not explicitly define “domestic relationships.”
See VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 13, §§ 5301(2), 5351(7)(C) (2010); id. tit. 15A, § 1-112; 12-4-202 VT. CODE R. §2.2(ss) (2010). In the same-sex context,
the term was employed by the Vermont legislature in a statute seeking to impose child-support
obligations in the event of the dissolution of a same-sex relationship. See Baker v. State, 744 A.2d 864, 882 (Vt. 1999) (discussing adoption and child support in context of
domestic relationships). Such relationships were not altered by the recent legislation
permitting same-sex marriages, but the requirements for such relationships are not
entirely clear. It seems likely that a “domestic relationship” is, typically speaking,
little more than a functional term used to describe an otherwise unrecognized sexual
relationship featuring cohabitation. See generally id. at 883-84 (detailing paucity of benefits conferred to same-sex partners prior to
enactment of civil-union statutes).
6. Whether a previously-entered civil union and domestic partnership must be dissolved
before entering a same-sex marriage.
As indicated immediately above, an individual in a civil union may enter into a marriage
with his or her civil-union partner. VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 15, § 4 (2010). An individual
would, however, need to dissolve the prior civil union before marrying someone not
party to the civil union. Id. Domestic relationships or partnerships would not be affected.
7. Whether a same-sex civil union is automatically dissolved when a same-sex marriage
occurs.
The Act to Protect Religious Freedom and Recognize Equality in Civil Marriages, 2009
Vt. Laws 2009-2010 Legislative Session (2009), is silent regarding the impact of a
subsequent marriage upon a civil union between the same parties. However, the Legislative
Council of the State of Vermont has clarified that “[c]ouples with existing civil
unions will be permitted to marry one another” and that “[t]he civil marriage does
not dissolve the civil union.” See State of Vermont Legislative Council, Frequently Asked Questions About S. 115, An Act Relating to Civil Marriage, As Passed
by the House and Senate, available at s115faq.pdf.
8. Procedures for the dissolution of a Vermont same-sex marriage and the relevant
documentation that would allow Social Security to change a name to a prior name in
the event of the dissolution.
With respect to the dissolution of a Vermont same-sex marriage, Vermont’s statutes
concerning dissolution of a heterogeneous marriage apply equally to a Vermont same-sex
marriage. iVT. STAT. ANN. tit. 15, § 8 (2010). In Vermont, a marriage is dissolved
by a decree of divorce or annulment. Id. §§ 511-637. As stated above, § 558 authorizes a court to restore a woman’s maiden
name upon divorce. Notwithstanding the gender-specific language, we strongly suspect
that a Vermont court would employ § 558 in cases involving same-sex couples. In any
event, Vermont administrative law permits as proof of a name change a copy of whatever
court order effectuated the name change. See 20-1-3 VT. CODE. R. § I(1)(a) (2010);). Thus, we conclude
that, where the probate court has approved a name change as part of a divorce proceeding,
we may accept the order as proof of the name change.
CONCLUSION
Based on the above analysis, we conclude Vermont permits legal name changes on the
basis of same-sex marriages. A Vermont same-sex marriage certificate may be used in
the same manner as any other Vermont marriage certificate as proof of a name change
in Vermont. Given the Vermont legislature’s election simply to redefine marriage to
include same-sex marriages, SSA can comfortably employ the same procedures that it
uses with respect to name changes following heterogeneous marriages.Royally bold in a deep confidence, it doesn’t pose. Nothing pungent about it nor any need for attention. Light as feathers, but an impression of weight so grand it begs question of legend and origin. Medium tannin and unusually filling, though it needs a steak cheese melt, and don’t hold the mustard.Fig. 4
From: Dexmedetomidine as an adjunct to local anesthetics in nerve block relieved pain more effectively after TKA: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
A funnel plot of pain scores at motion at 6, 12, 24, and 48 h postoperatively. Dex: dexmedetomidine combined with local anesthetics; Con: local anesthetics aloneThe weird thing about a concept like the immortality of the soul\/immortality of consciousness is that it doesn't disrupt physics or reality at all. \n\nIf you study the history of pseudo-skepticism you will find that the "problem" is that the soul is a religious idea and certain influential scientists believed the purpose of science was to eradicate religion. So, the anti-religious motivation is primary and science is secondary, just a tool to be used to achieve the primary goal, and that is why science gets perverted by pseudo-skeptics.Top-rated katerna xvido potos porn videos
11:09 Pornstar babe katrina jade takes rough pussy and a enormous load of cum into her shaved pussy - containing: katrina jade 173301 86%
8:01 Realitykings - we live together - (katerina kay, keisha grey) - super sexual 133593 83%
6:15 Gorgeous babe katrina jade likes sucking and riding a huge meaty cock.she always game to fuck and enjoys getting that huge cock inside her wet pussy. 36578 75%
7:36 Amazing masked lesbian sexual orgy (burning angel including joanna angel, katrina jade, ivy lebelle, ariana marie) 87565 94%On August 22, 2019, VOX ISM, Microsoft Triple Gold Partner, held it’s first-ever Food Manufacturing and Traceability seminar. The seminar was organized for Food Manufacturers, Distributors and industries alike at the Microsoft HQ in Mississauga. The seminar was a powerhouse of the latest and…
/>by VOX ISM
Sales: 1-705-466-7477
General Contact Info
Considering a purchase?Snapchat among first to leverage iPhone 12 Pro’s LiDAR Scanner for AR
Apple introduced its recent flagship iPhone examples, the iPhone 12 Pro and 12 Pro Max, at its iPhone event on Tuesday. Among other things, the inventions boast a new LiDAR Scanner designed to allow for more immersive augmented world( AR) know-hows. Snapchat today approves it will be among the first to introduce the new technology to use in its iOS app for a lidar-powered Lens.
As Apple explained during the event, the LiDAR( Light Detection And Ranging) Scanner calibrates how long it makes for light-footed to reach an object and wonder back.
Apple unveils its flagship 5G phones, the iPhone 12 Pro and Pro Max
Image Credits: Apple presentation, screenshot via TechCrunch
The technology can also be used by app developers to build a precise depth map of the background, and facilitate speed up AR so it feels more instantaneous, while allowing for new app experiences that use AR.
In practice, what this means for app makes is the ability to use lidar to enable things like objective and room searching — recall, better AR shopping apps, residence pattern implements or AR tournaments, for example.
It likewise are allowing photo and video influences and a more exact placement of AR objectives, as the iPhone is actually able to ” construe” a depth map of the room.
Image Credits: Apple presentation, screenshot via TechCrunch
That can lead to new AR ordeals like what Snapchat is prepared to introduce. Already known for some best-in-class AR photo filters, the company says it will soon launch a lidar-powered lens specific for the iPhone 12 Pro models.
Apple made a brief peek at Snapchat’s lidar-powered feature during the lidar portion of the iPhone happening today.
Here, “youre seeing” an AR Lens in the Snapchat app where buds and grasses cover the table and storey, and fledglings fly toward the user’s face. The forages toward the back of the chamber gazed as if they were further away than those closer to the user, and botany was even climbing up and around the kitchen cabinet — an indication that it appreciated where those objectives were in the physical space.
The fowls in the Snapchat Lens disappear as they move behind the person, out of view, and even land precisely in the person’s hand.
We understand this is the exact Lens Snapchat has in the works, but the company is bracing further details for the time being. However, it demonstrates what a lidar-enabled Snapchat know would feel like.
You can see the Snapchat filter in action at 59:41 in the Apple iPhone Event video.In this episode of the mini-series of blogs on Climate Change, we hear from Daniel Mpanduzi, founder and director of CRED Partner ‘The Voice School Trust’ in Tanzania, as he reflects on the impact of climate change on his country, and the work of TVST.
IMPACTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE IN TANZANIA
By Daniel Mpanduzi
The Voice School Trust
Some of the sectors mostly affected:
- Agriculture and Animal husbandry
- Water and vegetation
- Health
- Tourism
- The agriculture and animal farming sectors are directly affected by climate change in Tanzania. Unreliable rains, regular drought and in some areas/cases unprecedented flood leading to soil infertility. This is causing serious poor crop production leading to food insecurity, alarming threats of hunger and increased levels of poverty as many people in the country rely on agriculture and subsistence farming for food and their livelihood. With this, The Voice School is farming project directly affected. For instance, we had very poor harvest this year due to prolonged drought. This coming farming season is not promising either; quite unusual not getting early rain up to this moment. Basic food prices are on the raise thus our overheard or school running cost are on the rise too. In some neighbouring households, they cannot afford three meals a day. The food insecurity has far reaching effects to our students’ attendance in schools. Some children are forced to join their parents in low paying daily jobs for food sake.
This is our maize farm in Monduli, which ended up with nothing this year. All the crops failed.
Picture by Daniel
Our forty acres’ beans farm produced only 50 bags this time round; Is like every single acre produced an average of 1 bag; huge loss!
Picture by Daniel
2. Rich pastures and sources of water are drying up due to increased levels of Temperature. This leads to scarce or completely luck of drinking water for human beings, animals and even for domestic uses in many areas in the country. This is pausing a huge Health threat to so many people especially in rural Tanzania. Water and pasture disappearance is increasingly affecting the Livestock industry in the country particularly in areas like Arusha, Mara and Simiyu, regions which largely practice animal farming.
Picture by Millardayo.
This is making so many animal keepers move from one region to another (e.g. some move from Simiyu in the North to Mbeya down South of the country) in search of water and pasture, a practice which is causing them lots of conflicts with crop producers. So much time is also used walking long distances in search of water and pasture. This practice affects women and children who spend most of their time searching for water and grazing areas instead of going to school.
This is a water dam in Singa Village, Mkalama, Singida – it should be full of water.
Picture by Kajunason
3. Climate change is also encouraging invasion of a number of new forms of pests in our farms’ – another food insecurity threat! We have recently witnessed clouds and waves of locust and other crop eating pests which have never been witnessed before.
4. Kilimanjaro is known to be the roof of Africa found in Tanzania. It is the highest Mountain in Africa found in the list of wonders of the world. It is not only a unique tourists’ attraction in Tanzania but also a unique world heritage. It was initially very famous for its full snow cover in this warm country, but with the on going climate change, the snow cap on this roof of Africa is slowly, but surely melting and disappearing. This has direct impact to Tanzania and The Voice School’s economy. The country receives 1,000,000 tourists per year who come to see the only point with snow through out the year in Tanzania while We, at The Voice School receive fees from parents who are employed in the tourism industry including those who host Mt Kilimanjaro climbers. If something is not done now, it is very sad that our next generation are likely not to see this only but fast disappearing snow cap in Tanzania.
A very shocking incidence happened in Rombo (at the very foot of Mt Kilimanjaro) on 27th Sept 2021. A number of citizens got fire wounds; got burnt as they were walking in their area. The land/soil was burning hot from deep inside to the surface. They had mixed feelings and thoughts within a frame of commotion and worries. Some thought of volcanic activities that Kilimanjaro was about to erupt. Some thought of presence of natural gas. When the government of Tanzania geological authorities came, they dismissed any signs of volcanic activities. They said due to climatic changes, the increase of temperature is causing the composite inside the land to burn. You can watch this incident on the following link that was sent to me by our school friend and independent online TV owner, Gadi Kitomari (I am sorry it is in Swahili, I believe you can still follow the context).When it comes to packing luxury, beauty, and glamour into one small space, it’s hard to beat the principality of Monaco. In just two square kilometers, you’ve got the Monte Carlo casinos, over 1,000 shops bearing the top names in fashion, the timeless class of Princess Grace, beautiful views of the Mediterranean, and there seems to […]I’m lucky enough to get to share Joan Hall’s cover release for her third book in her Driscoll Lakes series. I think this cover is pretty awesome. It sets the mood for a mystery/suspense, don’t you think? See for yourself.
<<
7 thoughts on “Cover Reveal”
Judi, thanks so much for hosting me today.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yep, I love this moody cover. Love the series, too, and am looking forward to release day for Unclear Purposes!
LikeLiked by 1 person
It’s a eye catching cover and zi look forward to its release.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Thanks for stopping by!
LikeLiked by 1 person
🙂
So excited for Joan. The colors on this cover draw me in.
Thanks for hosting, Judy.
LikeLiked by 2 peopleHot Latin Tickets Marc Anthony TicketsRoberto Carlos Tickets Buy Juan Luis Guerra Tickets Juan Luis Guerra Tickets There have been singers over the course of history that were always destined to be great and no one epitomizes it better than Juan Luis Guerra. He is an amazing singer who has crossed over to numerous genres to unbelievable success that has resulted in Grammys and some of the other biggest awards in the industry. A performance by Juan is a must-watch and that is one of the reasons fans buy Juan Luis Guerra tickets to watch this amazing artist perform like only he can. Juan Luis Guerra Cities Juan Luis Guerra Dallas TXJuan Luis Guerra Fairfax CAJuan Luis Guerra Miami FLJuan Luis Guerra Newark DEJuan Luis Guerra Orlando FLJuan Luis Guerra Rosemont IL Juan Luis Guerra was born on 7th June, 1957 at the Dominican Republic. A tall guy, he takes that facet from his father who was a professional basketball player. He grew up pretty close to the National Music Gallery but he wasn’t always into taking up music as a profession. His first attempts at choosing a profession took him to study literature and philosophy at the Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo but soon realized that wasn’t what he wanted. Juan was always a music lover and grew up listening to the likes of the Beatles and some of the music done by U.S. hippies. Juan Luis Guerra’s passion for music took him to learning how to play a guitar which was his favorite instrument. To take his music learning to another level Juan went to the Berklee College of Music on a scholarship for a diploma in jazz composition. That time at Berklee opened his eyes to the power of music and Juan went on to study the various forms and degrees of jazz even more closely. After completing his diploma in 1982, he went back to his native Dominican Republic to start and test whatever he had learned during his time in the U.S. Juan decided to take up the local African music and experiment with it by mixing it with folk songs and jazz. He formed a band 440 and started working on his music skills. The name 440 which was later changed to Juan Luis Guerra y 440 is inspired by the musical note A440 whose frequency is configured to 440 Hz. The name was suggested by Juan’s brother who was a regular at their practice sessions and suggested it when he saw that the music played by the group was absolutely perfectly tuned and harmonious. Juan Luis Guerra stepped into the world of professional music with the release of his first album titled Soplando in 1984. The album was based on everything he had learned at Berklee and was an experiment so it wasn’t meant to be a commercial success. The album however highlighted the prowess of Juan as a musician and that enabled him to keep on working and release two more albums Mientras Más Lo Pienso...Tú and Mudanza y AcarreoI. Juan Luis Guerra and 440 signed their first recording contract with Karen Records in 1990 and started to change their music to gain some more commercial success. The trick worked to perfection when they released Ojalá Que Llueva Café in 1989. This was the breakthrough album Juan needed to really kick start his career as a commercially successful musician. The self titled song from the album was a melodious and slow song that had fast paced music. The song and the album topped charts in a lot of Latin American nations and enabled Juan to go on a tour with his band. The tour was immensely successful with fans buying Juan Luis Guerra tickets everywhere they went. The success garnered from the release of Ojalá Que Llueva Café enabled Juan to release their next album Bachata Rosa in 1990. The album was an even bigger hit and sold a staggering five million copies to earn Juan Luis Guerra his first Grammy. He followed it up with another tour that was an even bigger success than the previous one. The success and awards continued to come his way with his next albums Areito, Forgarte and Para Ti etc. which cemented his reputation as one of the leading Latin American singers of all time. Juan Luis Guerra is a musician that has never been afraid to experiment. He has done whatever he has wanted and stood by what he believes is right. He has changed his music to keep up with the latest trends but the originality still remains intact in every song of his. Juan Luis Guerra tickets are simply not to be missed out on by everyone who wants to witness the very best of Latin music with just a little bit of difference. View All Juan Luis Guerra Tickets Frequently Asked Questions Q:Are juan luis guerra tickets available as part of any deals?A:Yes, you can buy Juan Luis Guerra Tickets from us as parts of various amazing deals. Please refer to our website or call us on our toll free number for further assistance.Public Demand For High-Speed Rail Continues To Exceed
Available Dollars In Latest Round Of Awards
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood today announced that 54 high-speed rail projects in 23 states will share in $2.4 billion to continue developing America’s first nationwide program of high-speed intercity passenger rail service.
The Department’s Federal Railroad Administration received 132 applications from 32 states totaling $8.8 billion, more than three times the $2.4 billion available. During the first round of awards in the fall of 2009, applicants submitted more than $55 billion in project proposals for the initial $8 billion from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
“Demand for high-speed rail dollars is intense and it demonstrates just how important this historic initiative is,” said Secretary LaHood. “States understand that high-speed rail represents a unique opportunity to create jobs, revitalize our manufacturing base, spur economic development and provide people with an environmentally friendly transportation option.”
More than 30 rail manufacturers and suppliers, both domestic and foreign, have agreed to establish or expand their bases of operations in the United States if they are hired to build America’s next generation high-speed lines, a commitment the Obama Administration secured to help ensure new jobs are created here at home.
Some;
Iowa received $230 million to create a new intercity passenger rail service between Iowa City and Chicago through the Quad Cities. When completed, the service will form an integral part of the existing efforts to develop the Chicago Hub intercity rail system in the Midwest; and
Michigan received $161 million for a high-speed rail corridor connecting Detroit and Chicago, the two largest cities in the Midwest. The long-term vision for this corridor includes doubling the number of daily round trips between Detroit and Chicago.
The money is being awarded for a range of activities, such as construction of track and stations, purchase of new passenger equipment, and planning studies to develop new high-speed rail service.
“In the 20th century, our vision led to the interstate highway system,” said FRA Administrator Joe Szabo. “In the 21st century, our vision will give us a world-class network of high-speed passenger rail corridors.”
In addition to the $8 billion down payment from the Recovery Act, additional funding for high-speed rail has come from several sources. These include $95 million from the U.S. Department of Transportation’s FY 2009 appropriations and remaining money from a related FY 2008 appropriations program, and from the Department’s FY 2010 appropriations, which included at least $2.125 billion for high-speed rail service development programs, $245 million for individual projects and $50 million for planning and multi-state proposal activities.
A complete project list can be viewed at
There is also more information on Secretary LaHood’s blog site where you can read more about today’s high-speed rail grant announcements at fastlane.dot.govCorrespondence Address:
Dr. Olushola Abdulrahman AfolabiCenter for Injury Research and Accident Safety Promotion, College of Health Sciences, University of Ilorin/University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, Ilorin Nigeria
Full Text IntroductionHospital emergency departments (EDs) play a vital role in the health-care system, providing care for patients with acute illness and injury, and access to the health-care system in Nigeria. Over the past 15 years in the developed world,[1],[2],[3],[4] EDs have become progressively more congested due to the combined effects of increasing demand for care,[5],[6],[7],[8] increased complexity of care, and access block.[1],[2],[3],[9] In Nigeria, the congestion is due to nonfunctional primary and secondary health-care levels. ED congestion has implications for patient outcomes[1] as well as for the efficiency and effectiveness of ED operations as evidenced by staff and patient satisfaction.[1]High rates of ED use create a strain on the health-care system by leading to overcrowding,[10],[11] but they can also be seen as a marker of systemic problems, including poor access to nonemergency health care and the failure to prevent injuries and illnesses.[12]The University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital (UITH) is a 650-bed tertiary health-care facility located within Ilorin, the capital of Kwara State, North-Central region of Nigeria. It serves a wide variety of patients and receives referrals from neighboring states and towns. It is easily accessible from any part of the city and provides emergency and inpatient medical services round the clock for patients. Worldwide, access to and the manner of use of the accident and emergency unit (ED) is a point of great concern. Issues regarding duration of stay, crowding of the ED, and promptness of care are paramount to both the patients and health-care providers. These are issues that are regularly undergoing changes in order to provide better service to patients. The quality of care and the resources available at the ED may go a long way to influence the outcome of patients who presented there and also the pressure for inpatient beds. In Nigeria, most patients pay out of pocket and have no health insurance, and thus, cost for this group may be an important factor in their use of the ED and may adversely affect their outcome. Data on the workload of medical ED in Nigeria are sparse. The aim of this review was to determine the sociodemographic profile of patients presenting at the medical accident and emergency and the outcomes of their care. MethodsThis was a cross-sectional study of patients presenting at the medical A/E at the UITH over a period of 12-month period (January–December 2007). Ethical approval was obtained from the Hospital Ethical Review Committee to carry out the study. All consecutive consenting patients who were admitted into the ED aged 14 years and above were included in this study. Patients brought in dead, and surgical cases were excluded from the study. Information obtained from the patients' case records within 48 h of arrival included sociodemographic data, clinical presentation, duration of stay in emergency, and outcome in the EDs. The data were entered and analyzed using SPSS version 16 (The Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) is a software package used in statistical analysis of data. It was developed by SPSS Inc. and acquired by IBM in 2009. In 2014, the software was officially renamed IBM SPSS Statistics) computer software and results were presented in tables and figures. ResultsA total of 820 patients presented to UITH Medical ED during the study period. About 10 patients were brought in dead, 11 were purely surgical cases, while 27 had incomplete data for analysis. A total of 796 medical cases were analyzed. About 54.1% (431) were male and 45.9% (365) were female giving a male: female ratio of 1.2:1 [Figure 1]. Six hundred and fifty patients (81.7%) were from Ilorin township and its immediate environs while 18.4% were from the neighboring states [Table 1]. Age range was 14–75 years with a mean age of 43.71 ± 4.92 years. Patients in the age group of 21–30 years were the modal age group (188, 23.6%) as seen in [Table 1]. Most of the patients who presented were self-employed in 48.2% (384) than unemployed 32.4% (258) and civil servant 19.4% (154) as seen in [Figure 2].{Figure 1}{Table 1}{Figure 2}About 58% (462) of our patients presented to the ED without a referral either from a primary or secondary health-care provider. Among those with referrals, private health-care facility accounted for the bulk of referrals in 16.7% (133) as seen in [Figure 3]. Eighty-four different diagnosis were captured in our study, the highest was stroke in 75 (9.4%), others were AIDS 66 (8.3%), diabetes mellitus and its complications in 59 (7.4%), systemic hypertension and complications in 52 (6.5%) then malaria in 49 (6.2%), sickle cell anemia in 37 (4.6%) and chronic heart failure in 21 (2.6%), others like dyspepsia, sepsis, acute renal failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, asthma, epilepsy, acute psychosis and chronic liver diseases constituted about 55% (438).{Figure 3}On the duration of stay in the ED, about 29% (231) stayed beyond 24 h on the ED before being moved to the ward, 26% (207) stayed more than 48 h, while 32.2% were either transferred or discharged within 24 h. For those who remained in the ED after 48 h, various reasons were provided by most of the patients why they are not transferred to the wards, about 39% of them were due to nonavailability of bed space, 54% were are due to financial constrai nt, and 7% have no specific reasons rather than they wanted to stay and be discharged from the ED.Overall, about 60.6% of the patients (483) were transferred to the ward for further management, 26.6% (212 patients) were discharged home from ED, most of whom were due to malaria, and 102 (12.8%) died. Mortality was recorded in 12.8% of the patients. The highest mortality was recorded among patients with the diagnosis of strokes in 17 (16.7%.) followed by sepsis syndrome in 11 (10.8%), AIDS and decompensated chronic liver disease in 11 (10.8%), 10 (9.8%), and 8 (8%), respectively, while other diagnosis constituted 45 (43.9%) of the mortality. DiscussionED is an integral part of the safety net services anywhere in the world.[13] Although EDs were originally designed for treating urgent and emergent conditions, they are increasingly being used by certain segments of the population as a provider of last resort for nonurgent care.[14],[15],[16],[17],[18] Emergency units are designed to accept walk-in patients and referrals.[18] We had 796 medical emergencies in our ED over a period of 12 months. The male: female ratio 1.2:1, which was similar to the findings in a similar center in the south-south region of Nigeria.[19],[20] The most frequent age group was 21–30 years and this may reflect the ease of access of this group to timely health care, and it also encompasses the economically active group. Mean age was 43.71 ± 4.92 years. These figures are similar to the findings of other authors.[1],[2],[3] Most of our patients were resident in Ilorin; however, our study did not differentiate whether they were immigrants or indigenous as there were no data to reference this information as compared to a study on emergency utilization in Barcelona by Buron et al. Government employees accounted for 19.4%, self-employed persons for 48.2%, and dependents (housewives, aged, students, and retirees) for 32.4%. Most patients were walk in about 58.8% similar to study elsewhere in Nigeria.[20],[21] This was at variance with the developed world where phone calls were used for utilization of emergency services.[22],[23] The referral pattern showed that 133 were referred from outside the hospital and 100 were in-house referral from the general outpatient department, which is the pattern reported in most work done in Nigeria. The most common diagnosis was stroke in 75 (9.4%) patients followed by immunodeficiency diseases such as AIDS complication in 66 (8.3%), diabetes mellitus and its complications in 59 (7.4%), and then systemic hypertension (and its complications) and malaria fever. The World Health Organization had projected that diabetes mellitus and stroke would be the leading causes of morbidity in many developing countries by 2025.[24] The mean duration of stay at the A/E was 23.5 ± 7.21 h. The goal in ED is to stabilize a patient within 48 h of presentation. The most common reason for a prolonged stay was inadequate bed space on the specific wards, followed by financial constraints as some patients could not pay the admission fees as we live in a low-income setting where majority of the patients live on a daily income of <2USD and health-care service is out-of-pocket expenses. In Nigeria, out-of-pocket health care is the most common also called fee-for-service in our environment. As compared to the developed world where insurance takes care of the health of individuals either working with government or not, this may support the utilization rates. This further supports why most patients have delay in transit to the specific wards. Although for most patients, no reason was given for staying more than 24 h in the ED. The mortality was 12.8%, and this was quite higher than reports from other reports.[19],[22] About 482 (60.6%) were transferred to the ward, and 212 (26.6%) were discharged home. Stroke patients accounted for 16.7% of the mortality and also the highest number of those transferred to the ward with prolonged hospital stay. Other causes of mortality were acute diabetic emergencies, AIDS complications, and decompensated chronic liver disease, accounting for 12.7%, 7.8%, and 7.8%, respectively. This was similar to the findings of other investigators.[19] AIDS complication was the second leading cause for ward admission. Malaria fever accounted for the majority of the patients attended to and discharged within a short period in the ED, probably because they may have been adequately managed at a primary health-care facility rather than a tertiary one. Furthermore, 95.8% of those with diagnosis of malaria stayed <24 h. The most common problems encountered by the physician were insufficient diagnostic support usually in terms of radiologic imaging and the inability of the patients to do the required investigations for further medical care. This was similar to previous results. In 1% of the patients, there was difficulty communicating as there was nonavailability interpreter to explain to them the details of some requested investigation and treatment in the best language understood by them. ConclusionOur study showed that most of the patients were in the younger age group, males, and self-employed. Most patients were walk-in patients. The most common reason for presentation at the medical ED for admission was stroke which was also the leading cause of death. Inadequate bed space and financial constraints were responsible for prolonged stay in the EDs.Financial support and sponsorshipNil.Conflicts of interestThere are no conflicts of interest.
Introduction
Methods
Results
Discussion
Conclusion
References1Richardson DB, Mountain D. Myths versus facts in emergency department overcrowding and hospital access block. Med J Aust 2009;190:369-74.
2Richardson DB. Responses to access block in Australia: Australian Capital Territory. Med J Aust 2003;178:103-4.
3Fatovich DM, Nagree Y, Sprivulis P. Access block causes emergency department overcrowding and ambulance diversion in Perth, Western Australia. Emerg Med J 2005;22:351-4.
4Fatovich DM, Hirsch RL. Entry overload, emergency department overcrowding, and ambulance bypass. Emerg Med J 2003;20:406-9.
5Queensland Ambulance Services Audit Report. Brisbane: Queensland Ambulance Services; 2007. Available from: Report_2007_08LR.pdf. [Last accessed on 2018 Dec 17].
6Productivity Commission. Report on Government Services 2010. Productivity Commission. Report on Government Services 2010. Productivity Commission; 2010. Available from: rogs 2010 volume1- [Last accessed on 2018 Mar 01].
7AIHWAustralian Hospital Statistics 2007 08. Health Services Series No 33. Canberra: Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, cat. No. HSE 71; 2009. Available from: [Last accessed on 2018 Dec 10].
8AIHW. Australian Hospital Statistics 2006 07. Health Services Series No. 31. Canberra: Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, cat. No. HSE 55; 2008. Available from : [Last accessed on 2018 Dec 10].
9Roberto Forero, Sally McCarthy and Ken Hillman. Access block and emergency department overcrowding. Crit Care 2011;15:216.doi: [10.1186/cc9998].
10Richards JR, Navarro ML, Derlet RW. Survey of directors of emergency departments in California on overcrowding. West J Med 2000;172:385-8.
11Derlet R, Richards J, Kravitz R. Frequent overcrowding in U.S. emergency departments. Acad Emerg Med 2001;8:151-5.
12Tyrance PH Jr., Himmelstein DU, Woolhandler S. US emergency department costs: No emergency. Am J Public Health 1996;86:1527-31.
13Shen YC, Hsia RY. Changes in emergency department access between 2001 and 2005 among general and vulnerable populations. Am J Public Health 2010;100:1462-9.
14Grumbach K, Keane D, Bindman A. Primary care and public emergency department overcrowding. Am J Public Health 1993;83:372-8.
15Rust G, Ye J, Baltrus P, Daniels E, Adesunloye B, Fryer GE, et al. Practical barriers to timely primary care access: Impact on adult use of emergency department services. Arch Intern Med 2008;168:1705-10.
16Suruda A, Burns TJ, Knight S, Dean JM. Health insurance, neighborhood income, and emergency department usage by Utah children 1996-1998. BMC Health Serv Res 2005;5:29.
17Dale J, Green J, Reid F, Glucksman E. Primary care in the accident and emergency department: I. Prospective identification of patients. BMJ 1995;311:423-6.
18Wilner D. The role of the emergency department in the delivery of rural primary care. J Maine Med Assoc 1977;68:401-8.
19Onwuchekwa AC, Asekomeh EG, Iyagba AM, Onung SI. Medical mortality in the accident and emergency unit of the university of Port Harcourt teaching hospital. Niger J Med 2008;17:182-5.
20Ekere AU, Yellowe BE, Umune S. Mortality patterns in the accident and emergency department of an urban hospital in Nigeria. Niger J Clin Pract 2005;8:14-8.
21Afuwape OO, Alonge TO, Okoje VM. Pattern of the cases seen in the accident and emergency department in a Nigerian tertiary hospital over a period of twelve months. Niger Postgrad Med J 2007;14:302-5.
22Afuwape OO, Ogunlade SO, Alonge T, Ayorinde OR. An audit of deaths in the emergency room in the university college hospital Ibadan. Niger J Clin Pract 2009;12:138-40.
23Buron A, Cots F, Garcia O, Vall O, Castells X. Hospital emergency department utilisation rates among the immigrant population in Barcelona, Spain. BMC Health Serv Res 2008;8:51.
24Tabish SA. Is diabetes becoming the biggest epidemic of the twenty- first century? Int J Health Sci (Qassim) 2007;1:V-VIII.Genre: History
Publisher: Head of Zeus
Pub date: 02 September 2021
Rating: 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Dan?
Jones takes the reader on a journey of pilgrimage, crusades and conquests, growth of markets, education and changes in religion from 410 AD to 1527AD.
This is the epic history of Viking invasions, the rise and fall of the Roman empire, with stories of lost treasure, adventures at sea and revolts, it’s sometimes easy to forget you’re reading nonfiction. Almost every aspect of history is mentioned, from conquests to education including the creation of Bologna University and it being the best place in the west to study law, the creation of Oxford and how the Plantagenets helped it begin to thrive.
The story of famed scholar Aquinas is not only interesting but Jones also adds humour especially in one line about perfume which I won’t spoil. I particularly enjoyed reading about Leonardo da Vinci and his life in Europe as well as Martin Luther, a man I am definitely wishing to learn even more about after reading this. It has certainly given me an interest in reading more about his life. The notes and bibliography have certainly given me much more future reading for my own interests. I love reading how things that happened so long ago are similar to recent events or how things had a lasting impact, even to this day.
This is certainly a big book but it’s incredible especially as Jones has a way of writing that is so entertaining. Although this book covers an extensive time frame there was not a single chapter that wasn’t interesting. Jones separates the book into four sections Imperium (c.410 AD – 750 AD); Dominion (c.750 AD – 1215 AD); Rebirth (c.1215 AD – 1347 AD) and Revolution (c.1348 AD – 1527 AD) making it very easy to focus on a specific era if that is your preference, unlike myself who devoured the whole thing and still wanted more. This is honestly the perfect book for anyone who wants to learn a bit of everything or focus on a specific era and whilst it may have taken me a while to read I was genuinely sad when I came to the end.
These pets have social habits requiring the proprietor to offer them utmost attention and affection. Whenever you initially purchase your chin, your pet will, most likely, be timid and shy. Thus, you’ll have to spend high quality time together with your pet. You can’t interpret their conduct. After you have been profitable in getting their trust, the chinchillas will definitely hop up in your shoulders, and fingers. At all times give them one thing to chew on in an effort to keep their tooth filed down. The one purpose is to maintain them busy. Due to this fact, you can place new, and clear cardboard in the cages. Make use of your each hands to carry them by giving assist from the again of their legs with one hand and assist from other hand to the back of entrance legs.
Photographs would be the one different a part of the physical examination that shall be required. These will include Rabies as wanted and annual photographs as properly. It is important that you just keep up on these pictures,,as they may assist to maintain your pet healthy and vibrant for a very long time, as well as avoiding illnesses that might be painful to observe him undergo.
Every thing beneath heaven belongs to me.
In the lead as much as your move you need to take the packing process as slowly as possible and try to maintain regular routines. Fixed changes to a dog or cat’s environment can result in an increase in their stress ranges. If you’re contemplating taking sugar gliders as a pet, it is among the most fulfilling choices you may make. These stunning loving pets will adore you for a lifetime and you’ll have no alternative however to love them in return.
Ticks are parasitic arthropods that feed on the blood of their hosts and are accountable for transmitting many illnesses in canines. The ticks lay eggs, larvae are hatched from these eggs, at which era they immediately start in search of a “host” – your pet. Once a tick has attached itself to its host by putting their mouth parts into your pets pores and skin, they will begin to feed on your pets blood supply. Once, attached to your pets skin they won’t release until their meal is complete, which can final from a number of hours to several days, relying on the type of tick. On canine, ticks usually attach themselves to areas where there may be less hair or within the crevices. Sometimes this contains the areas across the ears, the inside of the legs, between their toes and inside skin folds.
When the behavior is gentle it is not problematic.
â€¢ Watch out of the hidden chemical preservatives. Keep away from meals which includes BHT (Butylated Hydroxytoluence), BHA (Butylated Hydroxyanisole), or Ethoxuquin as their elements. Choose those which have pure preservatives like rosemary extract and sage. They are safer to your canine. 1. Go For Organic *Exercise: Research confirms that pets which are active are likely to have decrease incidences of sickness due to improved immune system perform. I good thought is to put aside 5 minutes every single day for play time.
As talked about earlier, additional precaution is required when caring for exotic animals corresponding to tigers, lions and reptiles like snakes. Most of these animals have more strength identical to the strength of the strongest stun gun as in comparison with humans they usually would possibly attack you hastily as you turn your back on them. They need a habitat that is simply carefully comparable or associated to that of what they have been used to. Putting them inside a cage will hold them away from creating harm and danger to your family and other individuals.
Conclusion
Your canines will love you for maintaining them wholesome and feeling nice. Not solely is it good for canine, but coconut oil for pets is also good for cats, birds, and ferrets. It not solely helps control animal inhabitants, it’s good in your pet. Remember to reward them after they do that on their own.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyTraders are enthusiastic with the market’s new design.
Traders at Birkenhead Market have weighed in on fresh new renderings depicting how the new market might appear.
This year, the future of the historic market has been a hotly debated matter.
After a response from traders, Wirral Council scrapped its original intention to shift traders from the existing site to a temporary market in St Werburghs Square until a permanent facility was ready.
The Met Office has issued a ‘danger to life’ warning for Storm Arwen, which is expected to strike Liverpool.
However, stall owners appear to be far more enthusiastic about the proposed idea, which would see Birkenhead Market relocate to the former House of Fraser building on Grange Road.
The Washington Newsday paid a visit to the market today to inquire about the Wirral Council’s vision for the projected permanent new market.
Kevin Goodman, who owns a clothing booth at the current location, thought the image was “quite modern,” which he didn’t think was a bad thing.
Mr Goodman was concerned that the new market might be difficult to find, but he believed the fresh new image was very open and apparent, which would be beneficial for attracting passing commerce.
Wirral Council’s proposal for the market also includes eliminating the town’s remaining two flyovers and making it easier to walk to the market from Birkenhead Central train station.
While admitting that the new market’s image was enticing, Billy Hill Curtains’ Mike Eccles raised another important worry for several traders.
Mr Eccles said his main objection to the proposal was a lack of space, and he needed to know if the new stalls would be adequate for a company like his.
Sidhu Fashion owner Jas Sidhu predicted that more people would notice his stand in the new market, but he stressed that he would wait and see what happened next.
Mr Sidhu’s remarks mirror the anxiety felt by many traders following the pandemic’s struggles and the abandoned proposal to transfer the market to St Werburghs Square.
However, stall proprietors appear to be lot more optimistic about the future than they were this summer, when the temporary was in place. “The summary has come to an end.”While Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore have qualified for the playoffs, Kolkata look like a strong contender to grab the fourth spot. KKR have 12 points from 13 games. Significantly, they have an excellent net run rate of +0.294. So even if they lose their last match and are stuck on 12 points, this factor could work in their favor.
All is not lost for RR and MI though. Both have two games left and if they can win those two, they will remain in contention for the last playoff spot. Rajasthan will go into Tuesday’s clash with some degree of confidence. They stunned CSK with a breathtaking batting performance to ace what seemed like a difficult chase. As for MI, things have gone horribly wrong for them. The defending champions have lost four of their last five games.
RR would not want to make too many changes in the line-up. Yashasvi Jaiswal and Evin Lewis delivered the goods at the top and Shivam Dube made an impact in his first game of the UAE leg. Rahul Tewatia also stood out with the ball. This is exactly what skipper Sanju Samson needed from the other players.
RR’s predicted XI: Yashasvi Jaiswal, Evin Lewis, Sanju Samson (c & wk), Glenn Phillips, Mahipal Lomror, Shivam Dube, David Miller, Rahul Tewatia, Kartik Tyagi, Chetan Sakariya, Mustafizur Rahman
MI’s batting crumbled miserably against DC in the last game. While Suryakumar Yadav’s form is a worry, skipper Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock also haven’t delivered at the top. The inclusion of Nathan Coulter-Nile has strengthened the bowling but MI have failed to find the winning formula.
MI’s predicted XI: Rohit Sharma (c), Quinton de Kock (w), Suryakumar Yadav, Saurabh Tiwary, Krunal Pandya, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Jayant Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Trent Boult
Top fantasy picks for RR vs MI clash: Yashasvi Jaiswal, Rahul Tewatia, Mustafizur Rahman, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Saurabh Tiwary, Trent Boult
--Renin Wilben AlbertSkip
2019-10-04
No need to listen to old news. Check the guide for what's interesting in hindsight.
Ben surprises Matt with an announcement: he is starting The Ben De Bono Beer Show.
Matt says if he ever starts drinking beer, his first will be on the Ben De Bono Beer Show.
What the Frodo: Mrs. Doubtfire 2 was announced
It's been twenty years, is he even gonna have to dress up?
Take That, Science: Newspaper confuses video game technology for real
Ben is going to C2E2 this weekend with Rick Lee James.75 vegan capsules - 37 servings
Ingredients
100 % pure, organic moringa leaf powder
What is it
A convenient way to incorporate the nutrition, immunity and energy boosting power of moringa into your daily routine.
Raw, gluten free, vegan. A complete plant protein.
- 30% protein
- 46 antioxidants
- 36 anti-inflammatory compounds
- rich in fiber
Prized by Ayurvedic medicine for its detoxifying, energy-enhancing, immunity-boosting and anti-inflammatory properties.
How to use
Take 2 capsules with water up to 4 times daily.
Warning : consult physician if pregnant or taking medication.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.Why the Yukon is Your Next Travel Stop
A mildly crude and mostly elegant telling of the Yukon
Yukon is a well-kept secret in the middle of fucking nowhere, Canada. As one of its 3 territories, it has a small population leaving wide expanses of untouched nature. And when I say small population, I mean less than 0.08 people per square kilometre. Since there are so few people, the majority of the environment has been undeveloped making it the perfect place for those looking to connect with nature.
Yukon is known as the land of the midnight sun as in summer the sun doesn't set till about 1 or 2 am and rises about 2 to 3 hours later. However, in winter, the sun sets around 3:30 pm and rises at around 10 am. For those living here, this means going to work in the dark and coming home in the dark. You might think that sounds pretty fucking depressing, which it is. Yet it gave rise to our biggest festival; Rendezvous. Rendezvous is a festival that signifies the end of cabin fever which is why it takes place smack dab in the middle of February. A month so cold, your nipples could cut diamond. But if you're brave enough to visit in the winter you'd get to experience all the festivities such as the chainsaw chuck, the log throw, the flour pack, the one dog pull, the axe throw, and many, many more. If you want to see the living, breathing Canadian stereotype, look no further.
Rendezvous also hosts the Yukon Quest, the toughest dog sled race in the world. There is also an international snow sculpture carving competition because yep. If you're feeling a bit chilly, you can also pop down to the Tahkini hot springs to partake in the hair freezing competition. Not to mention, everyone's favourite part of Rendezvous, the sourdough pancake breakfast. If you've never had sourdough pancakes, you have not lived. They are the fluffiest, most glorious god damn pancakes in the world that make people drool like a bulldog on a mildly warm day. Definitely worth the trip. However, I understand that most people are not cut out to risk the -40℃ temperature but fear not, there's plenty to do in summer as well.
Snow Sculpture Competition
Hair Freezing Contest
Yukon Quest
Summer is our busiest tourist season. People come from all over the world, but especially USA and Germany to experience our wide open spaces, beautiful landscapes and breathable air, which was ranked the cleanest air in the world by the World Health Organization (no big deal). We have plenty of hiking trails and gorgeous turquoise lakes which host excellent fishing.
Anyone looking to see some wildlife can head to the Yukon Wildlife Preserve and see Yukon’s native animals in their natural environment. With 700 acres of land, you can learn about all the species they have as well as their conservation efforts.
For those who might want to get up close and personal with some long extinct animals, you can head over to the Beringia Centre where you'll find various ice age specimens including the mighty mammoth and the sabre-tooth tiger. These are the animals that inhabited the massive fucking land bridge that connected Alaska to Russia during the ice age. Aren’t we lucky that was gone before the cold war.
If you’re looking for more recent history, you can visit the McBride Museum which details Yukon's past with a heavy focus on the Klondike gold rush with out which, the Yukon would not be what it is today. Literally, most of our cities didn’t exist before the gold rush. Speaking of the gold rush, you can also head up to Dawson City which is pretty much still in its gold rush state. While you’re there, you can stop into Diamond Tooth Gerties; the only casino in the Yukon. But before you leave, make sure you try the famous Sour Toe Cocktail. It involves placing a mummified human toe into a spirit of your choosing and drinking until the toe touches your lips. Be careful not to swallow the toe, it’s a $2500 fine if you do and you’re also responsible for procuring a new toe. After completing your drink, you will officially be inducted into the sourtoe cocktail club, what an honour.
While there is plenty to do in either season, I say either because we only have two, the Yukon is also a place to relax. In a short 15 minute walk, you can find yourself completely secluded with not a person around. Left only with the sound of the wind and the birds. Yukon is larger than life and will leave you with a breathtaking experience. Whether you’re climbing Mount Logan, the tallest mountain in Canada, rafting the Tatshenshini or even just sitting by a campfire roasting hotdogs, you’ll find something for everyone here and you may just want to stay.A couple of years ago, BuzzFeed asked a former White House official to explain the logic behind some bizarre Trump action. The official responded with one of the master quotes of the Trump era.
President Trump, the official said, is not playing “the sort of three-dimensional chess people ascribe to decisions like this. More often than not he’s just eating the pieces.”
...
Trump’s psychology is defined by his terror of rejection. The most stinging insult in his vast vocabulary of disdain is loser. And yet every poll, every powerful Biden TV ad, forces Trump to contemplate that he is headed toward a historic humiliation. He’ll stand with Jimmy Carter and Herbert Hoover, the incumbents rejected because they failed to manage economic crises.
Trump failed to prevent the crisis. Out of envy and spite, he dismantled the pandemic-warning apparatus his predecessors had bequeathed him.
Trump failed to manage the crisis. At every turn, he gave priority to the short-term management of the stock market instead.
Trump failed to message the crisis. He not only lacks empathy; he despises empathy.
Angry, scared, and aggrieved by the lack of praise for his efforts, Trump turns for safety to television, where his two-dimensional friends explain how everything is everybody else’s fault. They tell him that he is right and all his critics are wrong. They promise that miracle drugs will—poof!—make all his troubles vanish without effort. Sean and Tucker and Laura and Jeanine and the Fox & Friends romper room tell him stories that hold the terror at bay.
But those stories have drawn Trump into a twisting ghetto of craziness that is impenetrable to outsiders.
...
The more Trump talks about his crackpot theories, the more he reveals why he plunged the country into such a catastrophe. He never cared about anybody else. He ignored unwelcome realities, because only fantasy flattered his ego as it required to be flattered....
But the most important thing to notice about the Trump-Fox blizzard of mania is how remote it is from anything that real-world voters care about. In 2015, Trump apprehended that most Republicans were talking about things that Republican voters did not then care about: deficits, taxes, productivity, and trade. In 2015, Trump apprehended that nobody was talking about things that Republican voters did care about: immigration, drugs, the declining status of less educated white men..
5 comments:
.. Haha - Frum gets it..
But he misses the final stroke of his own finesse..
'Obama was mean to me.. bullied me.. wah wah..
and nobody was strong enough to help me out.. wah'
But that's always been Trump.. and its always what his family is about..
.. at his very basis.. Trump is a 'suck'.. the old schoolyard insult..
& his family are sucks.. everything about him sucks
Trump is a suck to be sure, Sal. It's part of his pathology. It manifests in his utter absence of empathy for anyone else. I think in school we called that a "whiny bitch."
Never has it seemed more apt to observe that the emperor has no clothes, Mound. Yet his courtiers still follow him slavishly with made-to-measure accouterments, desperately trying to hide his increasingly obvious and repulsive nudity.
For me, what differentiates Trump and the pandemic is that I don't loathe Covid-19. I despise Donald Trump.
My SKorean friend asked did I know Trump is Losing 500,000 per day from 5 of his 6 hotels and thus his reason for opening the US up.. AnyongWriter
Stelvio Cipriani
Composer
Stelvio Cipriani
Clearance
One Stop
Easy Clear
Rights Controlled
Master and Publishing
Territory
United States
Stelvio Cipriani "Broccati Veneziani"
- Performed By: Stelvio Cipriani
- Album: Anonimo Veneziano
- Catalog: SUGAR
- Year: 1970
- Genres: Soundtrack
- Tempo: Slow
- BPM: 107
- Instrumental: Yes
- Moods: Attraction, Dramatic, Dreamy, Flirtatious, Melancholic
- Key:.This your best friend
If it’s the last thing I do
And it may be the end.
I want you to be off
Rest and regroup
Taking care of kids and house
Has thrown you for a loop.
So, sleep late in the morning
And I’ll do my best
I’m sure I am capable
To pass the test.
You need to rest
With all that’s coming up
So, sit back and relax
With your coffee cup.
I’m able to do
Whatever needs to be done
Just watch me
It will be fun.
I’m your butler, chauffer and maid
For whatever you need to do
I’m on your beck and call
Just tell me I’m here for you.
I love you.Canadians win first game in Everett in almost two years.
C's Plus Baseball | A blog about the Vancouver Canadians baseball club
Thanks a million for being here!
Canadians win first game in Everett in almost two years.
The C’s booted a field goal only to see the Frogs scored a touchdown and a two-point convert in the first inning.
Timely hitting and superb defence help Canadians knock off Emeralds.
A baserunning gaffe costs the Canadians in the end.
Seven C’s produce multi-hit efforts and all nine batters reached base.
Vancouver gets shut out for the second time this season.
The Canadians ended their series against the Emeralds on a winning note.
The Vancouver Canadians have their first win over the Eugene Emeralds in 2021.
The Canadians drop Game 5 of the 36-game set to Everett.
Only 34 more games to go in the regular season series.
A steal of home was the winning run for Hillsboro.
The Vancouver Canadians pulled out a come-from-behind victory over Spokane.
The Vancouver Canadians used a pair of early-inning runs to hold off Spokane.
The Vancouver Canadians have dropped their first two games of the 2021 season.
The Vancouver Canadians have released their 30-player roster for the 2021 season.
Quite a few notable performances were turned in by former Vancouver Canadians in the Toronto Blue Jays minor league system over the first five days in May.Chanel CC Logo Earrings Round Black Color
SKU: H-857-CHA
RM1,450
Brand: Chanel
Model: CC Logo Earrings Round
Color: Black
Size:
Material: Metal & Plastic
Chanel CC Logo Earrings Round Black Color, Metal & Plastic, no DustCover & Box
Match with every outfit with this simple yet sophisticated Chanel earrings, it features a silver hook with transparent clip and plastic Chanel logo on front and back. This earring is in good condition, there are some of aging as there are visible green spots, does not comes with dustcover and box.SYRACUSE, N.Y. (WSYR-TV) — Upstate Medical University is looking for people to participate in a clinical trial for a potential COVID-19 vaccine.
The study is part of a national multi-center study to evaluate the safety and performance of a vaccine for the coronavirus.
Some individuals will receive a placebo while others will receive the vaccine. It will be completely random and most of the study team won’t know who has received the placebo and who received the vaccine either.
“Individuals who volunteer for this study will help advance our understanding of whether this vaccine has the potential to protect people and work toward ending the pandemic,” said the Chief of Upstate’s Infectious Disease Division Dr. Stephen Thomas.
NewsChannel 9 spoke with Thomas on Wednesday about the trial:
To be eligible for the study, you must be in good health, between the ages of 18 to 85, and be able to make a two-year commitment to the study. If you have tested positive for COVID-19 you are not eligible to participate.
Participants are required to provide blood samples for up to two years and be subject to up to 10 visits during that time period. Upstate says the two-year time frame is important for the study to assess the long-term safety and immune response of the vaccine.
During the first two study visits, participants will receive an injection and nasal swab tests for COVID-19. Other visits will include blood samples.
For seven days after the initial visits, participants are required to complete an e-diary daily for specific reactions.
Participants will be compensated for being part of the study.
If interested, you can call 315-464-9869 or email trials@Upstate.edu for more information.The vocal band 4accord takes the audience on a musical journey to the southern states of the USA, home of the Southern Gospel and touches the scene of some well-known country and pop songs.
With polyphonic arrangements, some of them their own, the vocal quartet transforms the songs into new sounds and, with titles such as "I won't give up", draws a bow back to the good old days.
Tag: gospel, southern, southern rock, pop, country
Flag this content
+41 79 656 36 53, ThunSpirit Airlines Flight NK343 connects Dallas, United States to Cancun, Mexico, taking off from Dallas Fort Worth International Airport DFW and landing at Cancun International Airport CUN.
How long is the NK343 flight from Dallas to Cancun?
The average flight time from Dallas to Cancun is 2 hours and 9 minutes. The flight distance is 1657 km / 1030 miles and the average flight speed is 766 km/h / 476 mph.
How many NK343 flights are operated per week?
6 flights per week. The flight NK343 is operated on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday.
What is the average delay of flight NK343?
The average delay of flight NK343 is 11 minutes and the flight is on-time 90% of the times.
Which terminal is the flight NK343 arriving at?
Flight NK343 arrives at Cancun International Airport (CUN) Terminal 3.
When was the latest NK343 flight?
The latest flight took off on Friday, November 26th, 2021 with the flight status being Landed on 09:13.
How else can the flight NK343 be referenced as?
This Spirit Airlines flight can also be referenced as NKS343, NK0343, NK 343, NKS 343.
See our NK343 Flight Tracker above for more details.
There are flights connecting Dallas DFW to Cancun CUN.What is the Price of crusher run gravel per ton in tn We need you to answer this question If you know the answer to this question please register to
With crushed gravel driveways a base with good drainage is important so make sure the individual installing your crushed gravel driveway pays attention to it or you could be in for problems Nonetheless crushed gravel driveways do generally require less repair or maintenance jobs for you
Uses Granite CSB or Crusher Run is generally used as a base for pavers concrete slabs driveways and retaining wall foundations It is highly compact able and is used a as base material HomeAdvisor s Gravel Driveway Cost Guide provides average prices per square foot yard amp ton for road base materials including gravel crushed rock crush amp run stone limestone and shell for building a driveway private road or parking lot
crush and run gravel price milton flo heavy industry is specialized in the design manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry The product range of our company comprises mobile crushing plant jaw crusher cone crusher impact crusher milling equipment ball mill vibrating feeders screens and equipment for Gravel Driveway Cost A gravel driveway costs 1 to 3 per square foot to install A 12 215 25 car gravel driveway costs 300 to 900 and a 24 215 24 car driveway is 600 to 1 800 Costs depend on the size and depth gravel type soil conditions labor excavation grading permits and optional grid stabilization
Try to budget and additional
China Gravel Crusher manufacturers Select 2020 high quality Gravel Crusher products in best price from certified Chinese Crusher manufacturers China Crushers suppliers wholesalers and factory on Made in China comAlibaba com offers 33 400 gravel jaw crusher products About 97 of these are crusher 1 are mining feeder and 1 are other machinery amp industry equipment A wide variety of gravel jaw crusher options are available to you such as jaw crusher cone crusher and hammer crusher
Alibaba com offers 34 201 crushed gravel price products About 68 of these are crusher 1 are sand making machinery and 1 are gravel amp crushed stone A wide variety of crushed gravel price options are available to you such as free samples paid samples There are 34 198 crushed gravel price suppliers mainly located in Asia
The price of quartz depends on the market availability and the proximity of a quartz quarry Expect similar prices to river rock 500 per cubic yard 700 per ton and 15 per bag Estimating How Much Gravel Needed Gravel generally gets sold by the cubic yard but can be bought by the ton for large jobs and by the bag for small
HomeAdvisor s Gravel Driveway Cost Guide provides average prices per square foot yard amp ton for road base materials including gravel crushed rock crush amp run stone limestone and shell for building a driveway private road or parking
16 ensp 0183 ensp gravel crusher mill price Concrete batching plants provide the highest quality of concrete for every single project Depending on the project jobsite and required capacity stationary mobile compact and on site concrete batching plants are available Gravel Jaw Crusher Jaw Crusher for Aggregate Crusher Price manufacturer supplier in China offering Gravel Jaw Crusher for Aggregate Price Spiral Sand Stone Washing Machine for Ore Washing High Efficiency and High Quality Mobile Cone Crusher for Stone and so on
Crusher run is an extremely popular material for a variety of projects It is often referred to as quarry process or DGA and a variety of factors impact its price 14 ensp 0183 ensp stone crusher stone crusher machine stone crusher machine price stone crusher machine for sale stone crusher machine manufacturers
15 ensp 0183 ensp Gravel crusher is mainly used to crush all kinds of rocks According to different crushing principles and particle sizes it can be divided into many types like small gravel crusher gravel jaw crusher gravel impact crusher gravel hammer crusher river gravel crusher etc Concrete Work Products Black annealed wire amp nbsp 5mm Cement OPC Dangote Cement OPC Derba Cement OPC Ethio Cement OPC Habesha
The Crusher Marquette Michigan 2K likes Solo gravel or Team Adventure A masterpiece featuring beautiful views isolation adventure camaraderie and enhanced gravel China Reliable Gravel Plant Price River Gravel Crusher Find details about China Gravel Crusher Gravel Plant from Reliable Gravel Plant Price River Gravel Crusher
Gravel Crusher Prices Rock Crusher Price Alibaba Rock Crusher Price Wholesale Various High Quality Rock Crusher Price Products from Global Rock Crusher Price Suppliers and Rock Crusher Price Factory Chat Online MachineryTrader Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale China High Capacity Mobile Gravel Crusher Price Find details about China Mobile Gravel Crusher Mobile Gravel Crusher Price from High Capacity Mobile Gravel Crusher Price Shibang Industry amp Technology Group Co Ltd
nbsp 0183 32 crusher run gravel prices crusher run gravel sizes delivered prices buffalo 2 semi crushed crusher run gravel cost price calculator sand and crusher run gravel chattanooga calculator sizes crusher run gravel home depot 1 per yard garden center and landscape calculator sizes crusher run gravel calculator near me 2 rush sizes crusher run gravel
price for crushed gravel in cookeville tn heavy industry is specialized in the design manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry 80 Kafka 3680 Radial stacker
Schott estimates the average cost for him to install a gravel driveway is 1 200 to 1 500 According to CostHelper the prices range drastically from as low as 300 to thousands of dollars A by foot driveway with at least 4 inches of gravel can cost about 300 to 1 000 Professionals recommend having anywhere from 4 to 8 inches of
9 Gravel washed 310 Crusher Run 8 00 a ton 617 Gravel Although in the past it has been our policy to maintain prices on an annual basis the economic climate may determine a further price adjustment during the
25mm Crushed Gravel is a mixture of sand rock fines and rock that is best used as a packing gravel for underneath asphalt concrete driveways garage pads retaining walls and paving stones It is a compaction material also known as 3 4 quot crush and road crush
The Gravel Price List Can Help You Determine How Much Rock Sand or Gravel Materials Will Fit In Your Budget For Your Next Project Call For More Info
PRICING Call for Delivery – Pricing Based on Material amp Location See below for price estimates effective Ap Call for more details
Outstanding Service Price Our friendly and knowledeable material advisors will ensure that you receive information to make the right decisions 81 Inert always offers you everyday bulk rates on Gravel and can match or beat any verifiable rate
nbsp 0183 32 First
crusher run gravel prices crusher run vs gravel for driveway granular cost near me crusher run gravel sizes for sale near me stone center of wwwstonecenterofcom crusher run gravel calculator near me 2 rush sizes crusher run gravel cost price calculator sand and crusher run gravel sizes chattanooga cost type 1 mot hardcore base crusher run gravel for sale aggregate stone rush driveway near me Gravel Jaw Crusher Jaw Crusher for Aggregate Crusher Price manufacturer supplier in China offering Gravel Jaw Crusher for Aggregate Price Spiral Sand Stone Washing Machine for Ore Washing High Efficiency and High Quality Mobile Cone Crusher for Stone
The following prices are for pick up at our Bridgton facility Delivery prices vary by location and the quantity of material required Click here to request a delivery quoteA great silver Guardian unfurls her crystalline wings, her pale purple underside glistening like jewels as you approach the northern lair in the unforgiving icy tundra. A myriad of young adults, juveniles, and hatchlings watch you enter. The youngest of them retreat into an icy tunnel to hide.
"Welcome to Starweaver's Sanctuary, stranger."
The dragoness stands tall and dignified, but there is warmth and compassion in her pale blue eyes as they study the newcomer intently, trying to discern the meaning of their arrival.
"Be you foe, then flee now before my wrath undoes you. But be you friend, you are welcome to stay a while. My charges study the stars here, hone their skills in survival and teamwork, then seek to find their destinies. Perhaps today someone's destiny has sought them?"
In good humor, she laughs, her voice the deep and musical tones of the sea.
"Come, then, walk these dens and see if one of my many children will find their purpose by joining you. I only allow those fully grown to leave, howver; the hatchlings stay with me until I am certain they can survive on their own."
~*~Silversong~*~
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
While Starweaver's Sanctuary is a lore lair, the lore has been written in a way to allow for the dragons who pass through the sanctum and into their new homes to be as flexible as possible. I hope you enjoy your new dragon(s) and that they bring you joy in whatever way that is!
Here are the guidelines for Sanctuary dragon adoptions:
*Cost - All Dragons are Free of Charge! (Donations Welcome!)*
*Eligibility - Both New & Old Members are Welcome!*
*Exalting - Exalting Your Dragons is Just Fine!*
*Selling - Feel Free to Sell If You Tire of Them!*
*Naming - Please Name Before Exalting! No Naming Restrictions!*
*Breeding - No Restrictions on Breeding!*
*Bloodlines - Please Assay Bloodlines To Guarantee Compatibility!*
*Gening - No Restrictions of Gening!*
*Returns - All Dragons Welcome Back, Pending Available Space!
*Donations - Treasure, Food, or Dragons Gladly Accepted!
(Dragons are taken in pending available space, so long as owner is alright with my rules!)
*Lore - Lore/Bio Given Upon Request!*
(You can request a specific aspect of lore, personality, background, template, etc and I will be happy to oblige! Lore may take a few days for me to write and apply to the bio before I sent the dragon over, though!)
*Apparel - At This Time, No Apparel With Adoption.*
*Familiars - At This Time, No Familiars With Adoption.*
*Food - At This Time, No Food With Adoption.*
Here is the information about the act of adopting:
*Contact - Pinging @Starweaver or PMs are Both Acceptable!*
*Dragon - Pick Any Adult Dragon in My Lair or Post
(except Silversong)!
*Generate Code - Please Post the Dragon's Code!*
(Click Dragon - Click Generate Code - Copy the BBC Code - Paste in Post)
*Crossroads - One Week to Accept Crossroads Trade!*
*Limit - 2 Dragons Per User/Per Day!*
Here is the information about pinglists:
*Indicate what you would like to be pinged for!
-New Dragons Available
-Specific Breed/Genes/Colors
-Specific Nests (Father x Mother)
-Specific Dragon Clone (ie: "I want one exactly like dragon #ID!")
-Anything Else You Can Think Of!Indicatif
Présent
I decorate
you decorate
he decorates
we decorate
you decorate
they decorate
Présent continu
I'm decorating
you're decorating
he's decorating
we're decorating
you're decorating
they're decorating
Prétérit
I decorated
you decorated
he decorated
we decorated
you decorated
they decorated
Prétérit continu
I was decorating
you were decorating
he was decorating
we were decorating
you were decorating
they were decorating
Present perfect
I've decorated
you've decorated
he's decorated
we've decorated
you've decorated
they've decorated
Present perfect continu
I've been decorating
you've been decorating
he's been decorating
we've been decorating
you've been decorating
they've been decorating
Pluperfect
I'd decorated
you'd decorated
he'd decorated
we'd decorated
you'd decorated
they'd decorated
Pluperfect continu
I'd been decorating
you'd been decorating
he'd been decorating
we'd been decorating
you'd been decorating
they'd been decorating
Futur
I'll decorate
you'll decorate
he'll decorate
we'll decorate
you'll decorate
they'll decorate
Futur continu
I'll be decorating
you'll be decorating
he'll be decorating
we'll be decorating
you'll be decorating
they'll be decorating
Futur antérieur
I'll have decorated
you'll have decorated
he'll have decorated
we'll have decorated
you'll have decorated
they'll have decorated
Futur antérieur continu
I'll have been decorating
you'll have been decorating
he'll have been decorating
we'll have been decorating
you'll have been decorating
they'll have been decorating
Conditionnel
Présent
I'd decorate
you'd decorate
he'd decorate
we'd decorate
you'd decorate
they'd decorate
Présent continu
I'd be decorating
you'd be decorating
he'd be decorating
we'd be decorating
you'd be decorating
they'd be decorating
Passé
I'd have decorated
you'd have decorated
he'd have decorated
we'd have decorated
you'd have decorated
they'd have decorated
Passé continu
I'd have been decorating
you'd have been decorating
he'd have been decorating
we'd have been decorating
you'd have been decorating
they'd have been decorating
Impératif
Impératif
decorate
Let's decorate
decorate
Infinitif
Infinitif
to decorate
Verbe au hasard
aid - alert - allot - awaken - bake - bay - chatter - cheat - cough - delay - dry - end - finish - fix - grind - head - intensify - invest - kiss - leak - lean - listen - liven - lock - mar - mike - mind - neigh - organize - play - prepare - receive - recommend - shake - shut - smile - spill - split - to be - to do - to go - to have - translate - vibrateThe bodies of Titans and Jennifer show the power of young female terrorist villains
Almost every modern movie monster will encounter this situation. Freddy Krueger or Jason Voorhees or Michael Myers will start a terrifying evil image, lurking in the shadows, often pursuing a brave heroine. Then, in the third or fourth part, the audience is already familiar with the ghouls in question, and perhaps to some extent, began to support them and everything they promised: unlikely resurrection, elaborate killings, killer generals Go back to another sequel in a year or two.
It’s not that these monsters have become less scary, although it did happen. More importantly, being the face of their series makes them de facto heroes. After all, the protagonists of horror movies are rarely seen repeatedly in movies; Screaming is an exception to the proof rule, where three beloved characters have survived multiple movies, partly because the identity of the masked killer is a surprise, not the same old murderer. In most other horror series, it is the monster that keeps the whole thing going.
However, some horror movies have developed an inverse metaphor: the monster appears in the form of a young woman, usually a teenager with complex emotions. Although the most famous (and sequel) contemporary movie monsters are often indifferent killers, unknowable and often masked, and their humanity is concealed or non-existent, monster girls are more obviously psychologically motivated. It is not obvious in the sense of the tragic background story, but in the sense of externalizing the different combinations of growth’s by-products of anger, confusion, and turmoil. (So ”girls”, not “women”; although not every monster girl is literally a teenager, most of them are either young or socially awkward, so much so that they will encounter this situation .)
Sometimes monster girls repeat familiar monster forms, such as Ginger. The girl’s adolescent changes include becoming a werewolf gingerbread; Vampire Let the right people in or A girl goes home alone at night; Or title character possible, He is more than just a misguided Dr. Frankenstein.Sometimes they create their own hybrids, such as Liming, a heroine who supports abstinence teeth Suffering from vaginal dental disease, or sharing devil who eats boys Jennifer’s body. Sometimes, they don’t have obvious supernatural phenomena—the role in them Neon Demon And recently titanium Probably qualified. What these sometimes very different movies share is the feeling that the characters’ experiences as young women in the world form their own horror performances.
The metaphor of the monster girl can sometimes be played like the upside-down of a horror movie The last girl: Rather than facing external threats, the girl claims that she has been threatened with destructiveness, and then interacts with another girl who is instinctive or not succumbing to her inner demons (such as the one in Needy). Jennifer’s body, Or Brigitte gingerbread). But Monster Girl is not a direct product of a bloody movie-nor is it a bad seed children’s horror movie, it is also very similar.It has its own touchstone: the Brian de Palma thriller of the late 70s Carrie with angerFor example, both feature young women who are spiritually motivated. Carrie Establishing a struggle between the sympathetic monster girl and the constant “good” girl can be said to be a brilliant hedge against the outcast status of the title character. Although most of the film is based on the perspective of the introverted and socially awkward Kelly White (Sisi Spicer), some scenes assume Sue Snell (Amy Owen). In the POV, she is a “normal” girl who tried to help Carrie but failed. anger There are more points of view, coupled with spy-like conspiracy, which makes it a more distracting experience, rather than immediately entering the emotions of its young heroine (this time, Owen played a woman who cannot be ignored). Nevertheless, it still has a similar bloody intensity.
Carrie Associating her bloody climax with the rituals of Girls’ Generation, both physical (because Carrie was afraid and confused about her late period) and social (through Carrie confronting her classmates’ cruelty, which was triggered in the early days of the movie) Her power, and finally realize her final revenge). The metaphor of the monster girl is almost always associated with these physical and/or psychological changes in one way or another: gingerbread, Ginger’s werewolf bite was caused by delay, and teeth‘s Dawn combines her body weaponization (first accident, then clear purpose) with her sexual awakening.This may not be accidental Snap, teeth, possible, Let the right people in, with Jennifer’s body All of this appeared in the 2000s. Following the pop culture domination of young female pop singers, they received public attention because of their appearance and sexual orientation. They were also sought after by tabloids and scorned by men. They gave them a superficiality. Sexual fantasies. (Many horror fans will laugh at these singers as pop pie; in 2004 Chaki’s SeedsFor example, the murder of an off-screen version of Britney Spears is a joke. ) Neon DemonA little further away from those days, it’s about young things, in fact, to keep young, fresh, and aspirational.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22960686/teeth_2007_bathtub.jpg)
Although these movies are not entirely fantasies of revenge for girl power, many of them have found a more organic way to “enjoy” the complex ethics of horror movie killings. Not all monster girl victims deserve their tricky ending, and the opposing girl sometimes protests there.However, it is a satisfying feeling to see bastards, imps, bullies and rapists being punished for insults, because they are teeth, Or at orgasm Let the right people inAdmittedly, this is no less than a half-naked couple followed by a masked person, and sometimes repetition can be numb. teethFor example, although cunning, it relies on very limited skills. But the monster girl has a way to defend and alleviate the bloodthirsty of modern horror movies at the same time: it is interesting to see some victims get compensated while watching the monster girl lose herself in the violence (Jennifer’s body),Lonely(possible), or both (Carrie) Still disturbing. And because the competition between male heroes and powerful women can be so cunning, these movies usually create a space where multiple female characters control the narrative. Even when they finally fight each other, it tends to sting more than a girl superhero fighting a designated maid.
Perhaps this is why there are relatively few “boy” monsters in the monster girl mode. Horror films have always included sympathetic monsters portrayed or coded as males (cosmic monsters sometimes inspire as much mercy as fear), but they tend to have a more biological appearance.Murloc Shape of water Romance with human women (and more); by designing him to be more like a creature from a black lagoon than a sea king-like sea-king hunk, this movie replaces a negligence (human appearance concealing a terrible ability) with Another type (the terrible appearance conceals human sensitivity). R, the zombie played by Nicholas Holt warm bodies, Closer to the gender-reversal version of the monster girl metaphor, his zombie nature must be greatly softened-it is revealed that he is evolving back to a more humane form-in order for the movie to reach its mark, which is more romantic-com is more than horror, anyway .
Even when they delve into black comedy or avoid traditional panic, Monster Girl’s movies are more terrifying, even though they don’t rely much on the creepy atmosphere. Familiar scenes, such as old dark huts, rustling in the woods, or creaking corridors of suburban houses, may appear, but these stories do not need to isolate their characters from society (and in many cases, separate Social dynamics don’t work). The special hell of the characters is also often related to their bodies, and they are better at tracking them everywhere than the Buji people.
titanium Make this part of the story: its anti-hero spent most of the movie in her own life, where she committed multiple episodes between performances as a semi-famous exotic dancer (of some kind) Horrible, murderous murder. She left scars in childhood accidents. This kind of unruly behavior is common among children and can easily be called terrible by parents. Throughout the movie, her body is constantly changing, sometimes it is her own design, sometimes it is a physical horror plot device that has never been fully explained; it is at the same time the object of desire, fear and transcendence. titanium Many of its cousins understand that the metaphor of the monster girl can be liberated or familiar, looking for horror and beauty in the girl’s world, both are not lacking.Keys for a Successful Design of Retail Packaging
The Entrepreneurs believe that the concept of retail packaging is as significant as the product itself. It definitely plays a critical role for the branding of the product in the market. It permits you to always differentiate the product that you are selling from their competitors and show the uniqueness as it is compared to different brands. Hence, it is essential that you should clearly know the ingredients of the successful as well as the effective design of Custom printed retail and gift boxes so you would be able to perfectly develop the packaging design which will make the brand stand out as well as get ahead of their competitors.
Successful inclusion of retail packaging design:
Why-To-Buy:
When you are in the retail business you should know that any kind of the product has competition which is sitting next to it at for Custom garment bags and the shelf requires the differentiator which will make the product standout. Moreover, give consumers the reason why they should choose the brand over different products. At the same time, the statement of Why-To-Buy permits you to clear as well as simply communicate what product does, what consumer may get from using the product, and their uniqueness from the most competitive offerings immediately. Generally, statement of Why-To-Buy is written in big bold letter on Custom product packaging which is even legible from far afield, and it is also situated close to the top of the package.
When the consumer has chosen up packaging boxes with the Custom printed tissue printing and it is engaged, they would also notice that secondary statement about the back of the package. A header statement also affords you with an ability to go in much detail about the product. This statement may also offer with some of the additional details about the product which requires not be as brief as cover.
Brand Promise
This will help you to highlight the brand promise statement which is in front of the product's package. You may also be able to create a statement which will make the customers understand that the features of the product and how would they get advantage from it. Selecting the wording where you will commiserate with the prospects as well as guarantee that the brand's product will help you to solve the specific problem which they have.
Design of Structural Packaging
The design related to the package should get complete and proper attention of the customer instantly. This is when the initial experience of the customer is with your brand. However, the structural design of the package is mainly essential to create a memorable introduction. Moreover, you need to work on structural packaging of the design to make sure that the customer walks away with the product in hand.
Design of Graphical Packaging
The design of graphical packaging mainly goes with structural design for capturing the interest of customers as well as perfectly focuses the attention to the product. However, Retail packaging design also has been significant as well as continuously growing process for several years.Laird Superfood - Instafuel Cffe Crmr Original - Case of 6-8 OZ
Product Details
Coconut milk powder;organic coconut sugar;freeze-dried arabica coffee;aquamin™;calcium from marine algae;organic extra virgin coconut oil
Nutrition Information
Ingredients
Coconut Milk Powder, Organic Coconut Sugar, Arabica Instant Coffee, Aquamin (calcium from marine algae), Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil.
Allergen Info
Contains Coconuts and Their ... ‘Try Gutenberg’ is splashed across the dashboard of WordPress 4.9.8 just released.
GFChart will continue to work without intervention
There is no change for front end users, or back end users using the classic editor.
Back end users using the new Gutenberg editor may use the ‘edit as HTML’ mode to insert short codes as required.
Optionally use the new GFChart Gutenberg block for the full experience
First install and activate the new GFChart Gutenberg plugin*
To insert a chart into a page, use select the ‘Chart’ block from the ‘Embeds’ group.
Edit as required.
Inline insertion of calculations can be achieved using the ‘edit as HTML’ mode to insert short code.
Available to premium ‘GFChart All’ customers
*GFChart All customers may download this plugin from their account page.
Health warning!
Just as Gutenberg is brand new to WordPress and still under active development, our block is also very new. There may be issues with it. Please report any to our helpdesk. We do not promise a rapid fix.LockDown Browser
What is LockDown Browser?
Respondus LockDown Browser is an application that can be used to for quizzes in Canvas. It allows the teacher to require that students open and use LockDown Browser on an iPad, MacBook, or Chromebook. When students use LockDown Browser, they cannot open other applications, take screenshots, copy/paste, or get to other parts of Canvas until they have submitted the quiz they are taking.
For iPad users, this is a more secure method for testing than using Apple Classroom because students cannot turn their device off or access other parts of Canvas until they have completed the quiz.
Why use it?
This allows you a little peace of mind when administering a quiz through Canvas. Students will not be able to cheat easily, take screenshots, or view notes.
How do I use it?
Written Directions
1. For any quiz you already have in your Canvas course, you can use LockDown Browser. Simply click on the LockDown Browser navigation button in your course, find the quiz you would like to have students take, and click on Modify Settings.
2. Select the button to “Require Respondus LockDown Browser for this exam” and then you can choose if you’d like students to only be able to view feedback and results in Respondus as well. You can also set an access code for this exam which you can verbally tell students in class so they are only taking it when you are present.
3. Click on Advanced Settings. They include a checkbox setting for using LockDown Browser on iPads. You can also change the settings to give students a calculator to use, access links outside of Canvas, and more. It is recommended to use an access code for quizzes as well so that students do not take the quiz before they are supposed. If your students use iPads, you must check the setting to "allow students to take this exam with an iPad."
- MacBook
- iPad
- Chromebook
- Add Button
Video Directions
Watch the video below. Note that we do not have access to Respondus Monitor.
Additional Resources:South Korea adds 104 new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, a total of 9241 confirmed cases,cricket bat mrf photos
Hey, things are impermanent. cricket bat mrf photos As players, they do physical examinations in advance, and the teammates they haven't seen in the summer are still a bit strange at this time.
NewUnauthorized features thirteen hip, witty tracks with Dave's True Story's trademark toe-tapping swing. While the style may be considered retro. Dave's True Story – Unauthorized. Лейбл: Chesky Records – SACD Формат: SACD, Hybrid, Multichannel, Stereo, Album, Reissue. Страна. Dave's True Story – Unauthorized. Label: Chesky Records – SACD Format: SACD, Hybrid, Multichannel, Stereo, Album, Reissue. Country. DAVE'S TRUE STORY-UNAUTHORIZED () Chesky Records Chesky Records- Recorded at. St. Peter's Episcopal Church Chelsea, NYC Buy Now BUY UNAUTHORIZED. Dave's True Story, David Cantor, Kelly Flint, Steve Gluzband, Andy Ezrin, Fred Walcott, Jeff Eyrich, J. Walter Hawkes, Greg Wall, Jim Jedetken. Find album reviews, songs, credits and award information for Unauthorized by Dave's True Story on AllMusic - - Unlike most contractually obligated. SACD Title: Dave's True Story: Unauthorized. Description: "Unauthorized" Dave's True Story. Track listing: 1. Dear Miss Lucy 2. Misery 3. Lilly Listen to Unauthorized on Spotify. Dave's True Story · Album · · 13 songs. When Kafka Was the Rage. 4. PREVIEW. Won Gon Ju. 5. PREVIEW. Florida Time. 6. PREVIEW. Far Worse Off. 7. PREVIEW. Baby Who Are You? Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for Unauthorized by Dave's True Story (Super Audio CD (SACD), ) at the best online prices at.
Download Daves True Story Unauthorized mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
22.10.202122.10.2021 | | 3 Comments
3 thoughts on “Download Daves True Story Unauthorized mp3 flac full album vinyl rip” --- Comment #2 from Sean McGovern <gseanmcg at gmail.com> --- (In reply to Sean McGovern from comment . Please disregard, was attempting to run the x86_64 version on a 32-bit Windows 7 machine. With the i686 binaries however, I am unable to reproduce the issue. Maybe this is exclusive to 64-bit, or Windows 10? -- You are receiving this mail because: You are watching all bug changes. -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>Beyoncé and Adidas are joining the Black Cowboy revival. The superstar and the athletics and fashion giant are preparing to release Ivy Park Rodeo, the fourth Ivy Park offering, Adidas announced on Friday (Aug. 6).
“Inspired by the inimitable style and undeniable influence of Black cowboys and cowgirls, the ‘IVY Park Rodeo’ collection celebrates the formidable impact of Black men and women on American Western culture,” an Adidas news release states. “The collection celebrates the oft-hidden history of Black pioneers within cowboy and cowgirl culture and their continued influence and impact on the American Rodeo.”
The Rodeo collection includes 58 apparel styles and five footwear styles for adults, along with 13 accessories, according to the announcement. Features include “unique denim monograms and bold purple glow cow prints.” Clothing options include a “denim body suit,” a “wide-leg snap pant,” a denim tracksuit and a hoodie and sweatpants made from French terry.
For customers who will wear their new acquisitions out on the range, the collection includes denim chaps, a denim bucket hat and shoes made to look as if they were fashioned from denim.
The announcement comes amid two complementary trends: African-American history drawing new interest from corporate America and the entertainment establishment and attendance at athletics events and gyms showing continued recovery from initial COVID-19-related shutdowns.
Read more: Adidas, DraftKings, Planet Fitness See Sports Rebound As Consumers Look To Play Again
While chaps might be the ultimate outerwear, Adidas is also expanding its participation in the underwear market, the company announced in June. The company reached an agreement that will have Israeli private-label clothing manufacturer and distributor Delta Alil Industries Ltd. selling Adidas-branded underwear.
The sales are scheduled to begin in spring 2022 in many of the world’s larger markets, though only women’s underwear will be sold in North America.
Learn more: Delta Galil Will Produce Adidas Underwear Collection For D2C SaleArticles Tagged ‘Leo Burnett Toronto’
Updated: Canada takes 28 One Show Pencils
Rethink takes the most Pencils while Grey, Cossette and Zulu all nab Golds.
Judy John added to Cannes jury
Leo Burnett’s CEO and CCO will judge the Titanium and Integrated Lions, bringing the number of Canadian jurors to 10.
The Canadian shops doing good
Take a look at the global brands and agencies promoting social responsibility on this year’s Good Report.
22 Canadian agencies among One Show finalists
Updated: Rethink, Jam3, JWT, Lg2 and Leo lead the first three rounds of finalist announcements..
Check it out: Special K digs in
The brand celebrates stuffing your face with its latest “#OwnIt” spot, launching its newest product line.
Just Eat delivers a local message
A new Canadian brand platform centres on why it’s better when someone else does all the work.
How did Canada fare in the Gunn Report?
Leo Burnett Toronto was ranked first in Canada and fifth globally, while #LikeAGirl was the top campaign in the world.
Strategy’s 2015 nice list
As we get ready for 2016, the strategy team picks our favourite campaigns of the past year.
Check it out: A gift with some meat to it
Carnivore Club sends the most unsubtle message possible for the holiday season.
TD wins big at the CMAs
“#TDThanksYou” wins Best of the Best, with Tim Hortons and PepsiCo picking up multiple awards.
Who took home an Epica Award?
Grey, Rethink win big at ADCC Awards
The two agencies, along with Leo Burnett, took top honours at the awards last night."Supersonic Pussycat" Victoria Monét Is a Disco Funk Queen in Her New "Jaguar" Live Session
The ’70s disco funk reawakening has arrived, and Victoria Monét is leading the charge in an emerald green jacket so sparkly it reflects the music of the past. On March 18, Monét played a live session of the title track off her 2020 album Jaguar. Monét accompanied her performance of the funk-inspired song with some equally groovy dance moves that have us experiencing a major blast to the past. Since the video went live, fans of Monét’s funk-infused R&B style have rallied for her to do a collaboration with H.E.R. or Silk Sonic, Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak’s new band that performed at the Grammys on Sunday.
The live session comes less than a month after Monét gave birth to her baby girl Hazel Monét Gaines, whom she had with boyfriend John Gaines, on Feb. 21. Where she gets the energy, we have no idea, but the “Monopoly” singer knows how to put on a show no matter what. “Y’all REALLY NEED to pay attention to Victoria Monét!! SHE IS THE MOMENT,” Rickey Thompson said in a tweet. Watch the ’70s-inspired performance for yourself here.
Source: Read Full ArticlePresented By
Media Partner
Chandan is co-founder and Chief Product Officer at ThinkDeeply; an AI firm focused on making AI easy for its customers. An experienced technologist with expertise in digital transformation, Chandan has worked with many Fortune 500 companies and SMBs to help transform businesses with technology. His current focus is on ways and methods for democratizing AI and making it accessible for organizations of all sizes.To be honest, Kentucky wasn’t always on my travel radar. Like many people unfamiliar with the Bluegrass State, I previously had a lot of assumptions about it. However, the state is much more than meets the eye, and it is home to some incredible destinations. This list breaks down the best, including wonderful cities, neat towns, beautiful parks, unique stops, and more:
Cities & Towns
40. Louisville
As Kentucky’s largest city, Louisville is a hub for nearly everything that makes this state special. You’ll find countless venues to see live bluegrass shows, race tracks with the country’s most impressive horses, and some amazing Southern cooking. Not only that, but Louisville is bursting with culture and has a thriving art community.
Here are a few must-visit spots in this vibrant city:
39. Frankfort Avenue
As far as places to go in Louisville, this is one of the best to check out as soon as you get into town. Frankfort Avenue, aka “The Avenue,” is a long corridor that connects the city’s most hip and happening neighborhoods. Along it, you’ll see local businesses galore, from boutiques to galleries to mom ‘n’ pop restaurants.
38. Fairmount Falls Park
On the outskirts of Louisville is Fairmount Falls, one of the city’s hidden natural gems. Visiting feels like discovering a Louisville secret that not many other tourists get to experience. The waterfall is tucked away in the forest, about a mile’s hike from the trail entrance.
To get to this gorgeous waterfall, you can make a reservation to access the park at Jefferson Memorial Forest Welcome Center. Since only three cars are allowed in the park per day, a reservation nearly guarantees you’ll have the falls almost all to yourself.
37. Churchill Downs
Churchill Downs is as famous as it gets when it comes to Louisville institutions. The two longest continuously running sporting events in the US are held at Churchill Downs: the Kentucky Derby and the all-female Kentucky Oaks races. Even if you aren’t in town during one of those, check the events calendar to see what else is going on at the race track during you visit.
36. Muhammad Ali Center
The famous boxer-turned-philanthropist Muhammad Ali is a Louisville native and certainly engenders a generous amount of hometown pride. Opened in 2005, the Muhammad Ali Center is a nonprofit museum that serves to demonstrate Ali’s six core principles: confidence, conviction, dedication, giving, respect, and spirituality. It’s one of the most inspirational museums in Kentucky. Find more information here.
35. Louisville Mega Cavern
Adventure seekers will not want to miss out on a visit to the Louisville Mega Cavern, the world’s only underground aerial ropes course. This former 1930s mine site has 17 miles of corridors that you can explore via Historic Tram Tour or walking tour, on which you can learn about the history and geology of the caverns. This is one of the top places to see in all of Kentucky, let alone Louisville!
34. Cherokee Park
Did you know that Frederick Law Olmsted, who designed NYC’s Central Park, also designed Cherokee Park in Louisville? It’s true! His eye for design is evident in the Park, which features quaint woodlands, open meadows, rolling hills, and trickling streams. That’s right, you can enjoy all of that natural beauty without having to leave Louisville’s city limits.
33. Lexington
Lexington is Kentucky’s second largest city and is spilling over with history, Southern charm, and unique places to visit. As the country’s horse capital, you’ll find loads of opportunities to learn about the city’s horse racing and breeding legacy. Not only that but Lexington is in the heart of bluegrass country and packs a big punch with its rich bourbon culture.
Here are some of the best places to visit in or near Lexington:
32. Keeneland Race Track
Keeneland is an internationally renowned racecourse committed to preserving the tradition of thoroughbred horse racing. The track is open to the public, so you don’t have to attend an actual race to take in its beautifully landscaped gardens and pristine grandstand. The place captures the essence of horse racing culture and prestige. This tour includes a stop at Keeneland with an expert guide.
31. Ashland: Henry Clay Estate
As far as historic places in Kentucky, this is easily one of the most famous. Henry Clay was one of Kentucky’s most well-known statesmen, and Ashland was his home during the height of his career. The Henry Clay Memorial Foundation has an interesting way of telling the stories of people who lived, worked, and were enslaved at the Ashland estate. This guided tour is a great way to get the most out of your visit.
30. Kentucky Horse Park
If you can’t get enough of horse-related attractions, Kentucky Horse Park is the ultimate destination. Not only does the park have a fully operational horse farm, but it also houses the Smithsonian International Museum of the Horse. You could easily spend a day visiting this equine treasure in Lexington.
29. Raven Run Nature Sanctuary
This pristinely preserved nature sanctuary in Lexington is the ultimate nature lover’s paradise. Across 734 acres, there are over 10 miles of trails to enjoy. Spend a warm summer afternoon hiking, biking, or picnicking here. Visiting in fall? The autumn colors in Raven Run Nature Sanctuary are gorgeous!
28. Jacobson Park
On 216 acres of land, Jacobson Park includes a large reservoir perfect for kayaking, paddleboarding, or just hanging out on the grass near the shore. The park also has volleyball courts, a disc golf course, and more. Of all the green spaces in Lexington, this one is one of the best for a quiet afternoon in nature.
27. Shaker Village of Pleasant Hill
Just 45 minutes outside of Lexington is Shaker Village of Pleasant Hill. Travelers from all over the world visit Shaker Village each year to get a glimpse into the past of a society that was able to thrive off the land.The Shakers were a religious community that was active in Pleasant Hill from 1805 to 1910.
This 3,000-acre landmark is one of the most well-preserved sites of Shaker history. The nonprofit organization Shaker Village has worked hard to maintain the 34 original historic structures, a nature preserve, and conserved farmland on the site. You can even stay in Shaker Village’s inn!
26. Bardstown
As the home of nine famous bourbon distilleries, Bardstown is one of Kentucky’s most notable bourbon destinations. Not only that, but the town also has the Bardstown Civil War Museum, the fourth-largest such museum in the country. It is also home to Kentucky’s “official outdoor drama” (“The Stephen Foster Story”) and even has an entire exhibit dedicated to women’s roles in the war.
Bardstown has a picturesque town square and is overall a beautiful little town to visit. You can book an entire weekend getaway there, complete with plenty of bourbon-filled experiences, here.
25. Frankfort
Known to have one of the most beautiful capitol buildings in the country, this small capital city deserves a spot on your Kentucky bucket list. Located along the Kentucky River between Louisville and Lexington, Frankfort is perfectly tucked into the green hills and is surrounded by nature. Here you’ll find outdoor adventure, historical relics, and, of course, plenty of bourbon.
24. Bowling Green
As one of Kentucky’s many bustling college towns, Bowling Green has a unique mix of new and old, historic and innovative. You’ll find venerable neighborhoods complete with colonial architecture and manicured lawns, as well as some of Kentucky’s best museums. One of them is the National Corvette Museum, which takes visitors on a journey through the iconic history of America’s sports car.
Bowling Green is also the perfect launching point for Mammoth Cave National Park (more on that later!), so consider staying here a night or two during your Kentucky adventure to make the most of this attraction-filled area.
23. Newport
If you are an American history enthusiast, you won’t want to miss out on a visit to Newport. This quaint riverside community was once set to become what is now Las Vegas. In fact, the town was once home to many casinos and was frequented by none other than Frank Sinatra, who performed there. Even Las Vegas’s nickname, “Sin City,” was first applied to Newport before it was given to Las Vegas.
Since Newport is so close to Cincinnati, Ohio, you can take a sunset cruise to see the Cincinnati skyline from Newport.
22. London
This one is for all the cyclists out there! London is one of Kentucky’s designated “trail towns,” because of its access to road cycling, mountain biking, and hiking trails. It’s next to Daniel Boone National Forest, so nature lovers find London the perfect place to stay while they explore nearby parks, trails, and forests.
21. Paducah
Known as “The Quilt City,” Paducah is America’s quilt-making capital. In fact, UNESCO dubbed Paducah a City of Crafts and Folk Art in 2013. You can learn about this legacy at the National Quilt Museum.
As soon as you arrive in Paducah, you’ll realize that this small town is anything but ordinary. The visitor’s center is housed in a restored 1860s mansion, which truly sets the stage for a historic adventure. Enjoy the town’s peace and quiet with a walk along the river and a stroll through town to see the historic buildings.
20. Owensboro
Owensboro is a small city packed full of all the things that make Kentucky great. It has some of the state’s best barbecue joints, bluegrass music venues, and art museums.
Check out the Owensboro Museum of Fine Art, where you’ll find a sculpture park and folk art dating back to the 15th century.
Owensboro is famous for its mutton barbeque, so if you’re a meat eater you shouldn’t leave town without trying it at either Old Hickory Bar-B-Que or Ole South Bar-B-Q.
19. International Bluegrass Music Museum
No trip to Owensboro is complete without a stop at the International Bluegrass Music Museum. We are listing this place all on its own because it’s easily one of the top attractions in the state. Even if you’re new to bluegrass music, this museum is sure to keep you entertained all day long with its interactive exhibits and nuggets of history throughout. You’ll see a variety of neat vintage instruments, learn about the genre’s most influential musicians, and see the evolution of the genre over the years.
Get your tickets here.
18. Stanton
This is the ultimate destination for adventure seekers in Kentucky. Stanton is the perfect launching point for hiking and biking trails, with direct access to the Red River Gorge Byway. The Red River Gorge has over a hundred stone arches and several waterfalls, along with the picturesque Nada Tunnel. It also has a unique landscape that is waiting to be explored.
National Parks, State Parks, and More
17. Mammoth Cave National Park
Mammoth Cave National Park is one of the most beloved places in Kentucky. This amazing natural wonder is home to the longest recorded cave system in the world, at over 400 miles explored and mapped. Cave tours are an excellent way to get familiar with some of the park’s most notable caves.
Not only is the park adored for its natural beauty, but it also holds many stories from the people who used to reside there, from the original settlements of Native Americans to colonial settlers to the African Americans who were the most important guides and explorers of the caves in the 19th and 20th centuries.
16. Daniel Boone National Forest
You may recognize the name Daniel Boone if you’re into outdoorsman history. This massive forest spans more than two million acres and offers over 600 miles of trails to explore. Sandstone cliffs are perfect for rock climbing, and the abundance of rivers and lakes creates the perfect environment for those who enjoy getting out on the water. Although many of the trails were originally intended only for hiking, mountain biking is possible in many locations. Backpackers and other campers will enjoy the many forest campgrounds.
15. Cumberland Gap National Historical Park
The mountainous scenery at Cumberland Gap National Historical Park is just one of the many reasons to pay a visit. Beyond the stunning views from hidden overlooks, you’ll find epic sandstone formations, abundant underground caverns, and plenty of plant and animal life everywhere.
There’s a wealth of history to uncover here. This amazing national historical park is home to the Hensley Settlement, which gives visitors a time-warping look at a 20th century mountain community settlement. The Wilderness Road Trail will take you on an equally exciting journey in the footsteps of Native Americans, early settlers, and Civil War soldiers.
14. Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area
As one of the largest areas of undeveloped forest in the United States, the Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area is about as rugged as it gets. Stretching over 170,000 acres of forests and wetlands, there’s plenty of nature to admire here. There are 300 miles of natural shoreline, offering opportunities to camp, picnic, hike, and bike.
In addition to 500 miles of trails throughout the park to enjoy, you can visit the Woodlands Nature Station, Elk & Bison Prairie, Homeplace 1850s Working Farm, or Golden Pond Planetarium and Observatory for authentic educational experiences.
Land Between the Lakes is also the ideal place for a road trip, with incredible scenic drives and walks.
13. Cumberland Falls State Park
If you want to see something nearly as majestic as Niagara Falls without leaving the South, make sure to add Cumberland Falls State Park to your Kentucky itinerary. It gets its nickname, “the Niagara of the South,” due to the 68-foot tall and 125-foot wide waterfall. One of the coolest things about this waterfall, besides its immense size, is that it’s one of the few places in the world where you can see a moonbow, aka a lunar rainbow. If the sky is clear on the night of a full moon, you might be able to see one in all of its magnificent glory.
In addition to the obvious visit to the falls, Cumberland Falls State Park is overflowing with adventurous things to do (see what I did there?). Go birding in the park, rafting on the Cumberland River, camping at one of the 50 campsites, or hiking on 17 miles of trails. You can even try your hand at gem mining.
12. Breaks Interstate Park
Located right on the Kentucky-Virginia state border is the severely underrated Breaks Interstate Park. Spanning 3,500 acres of greenwood lands full of mountainous scenery, this is one of only two interstate parks in the country. This gorgeous natural area has the largest canyon east of the Mississippi River, which spans five miles and is 1,650 feet deep, earning its nickname “the Grand Canyon of the South.”
Breaks Interstate Park is a haven for rock climbers, campers, and hikers alike. No matter how you choose to enjoy the park, you’re certainly in for a treat.
11. Big South Fork National River
Big South Fork National River is often referred to as a giant outdoor playground, and for good reason. This 125,000-acre recreation area features rugged gorges and pristine forests, along with numerous streams and, of course, the thunderous Big South Fork of the Cumberland River.
Outdoor activities at the Big South Fork National River include hiking through forests and gorges, horseback riding, rock climbing sandstone cliffs, and paddling and swimming in crystal-clear waters. This recreation area is also an ideal place to camp and backpack.
10. The Pinnacles of Berea
In 2019, Outside Magazine named the Pinnacles of Berea hike the #1 hike in Kentucky. If that isn’t enough to spark your curiosity, visitors who enjoy peace and quiet love this hike because of its sparse crowds and incredible views of the Daniel Boone National Forest.
This stellar hike is easy to get to from Berea, Kentucky, and is even a great spot to stay while you visit Red River Gorge and other big nearby attractions. Having such an awesome hike like the Pinnacles Hike is just the cherry on top.
9. My Old Kentucky Home State Park
This is a state park unlike any other. You probably associate state parks with hiking trails and the great outdoors, but some of this park’s best feature are actually indoors. It’s home to the estate of US Sen. John Rowan, which holds two hundred years of stories, from duels to horse racing to family fortunes and everything in between. You can tour the mansion and hear guides sing a special song on every tour.
Horse Farms
8. Sun Valley Horse Farm
This classic horse farm’s slogan is “At the Crossroad of Bourbon & Horses.” It makes a neat connection between horses and bourbon through its ties to bourbon pioneer Elijah Pepper. The best way to experience Sun Valley is on a guided tour, which leads guests through the farm to witness the inner workings of an award-winning thoroughbred horse farm nursery.
7. Hermitage Farm
Hermitage Farm is more than just a horse farm and nursery. Beyond running a renowned thoroughbred operation, the farm also prides itself on its sustainable and organic agriculture. You can even get a taste of Heritage Farm’s farm-fresh produce at its Barn8 Farm Restaurant.
In the mood for some bourbon? You can do a bourbon tasting featuring products from any of the distilleries on the Kentucky Bourbon trail.
This farm offers a truly well-rounded view of Kentucky’s rich agricultural culture and history. Choose from a number of tours and tastings at Hermitage Farm to get the most out of your visit.
6. Claiborne Farm
This one is for the history buffs out there. Claiborne Farm is one of the most iconic thoroughbred horse farms in Kentucky, best known for being the final resting place of one of the most famous horses in history, Secretariat.
Claiborne Farm offers historic tours of the on-site facilities, taking guests on a journey through the farm’s origin story up until present day with a look at how the working farm takes care of the stunning beauties that live there.
Unique Stops
5. The Pete Treehouse
This completely off-grid treehouse was part of Animal Planet’s Treehouse Masters and is now one of the coolest Airbnbs you’ll find in Kentucky. Pete Nelson is the mastermind behind the construction of the treehouse, which is tucked away in nature about 1.5 hours from Lexington. The place is full of thoughtful touches, including a fire pit and balcony.
After watching Kristin’s treehouse adventure, you’re probably getting excited about staying in a treehouse, so don’t miss out on this one when you visit Kentucky!
4. Harland Sanders Café and Museum
Nowadays, you can find a KFC in just about any country in the world. Have you wondered about how it all started, though? At the Harland Sanders Café and Museum in Corbin, you’ll be able to see the birthplace of Kentucky Fried Chicken at Colonel Sanders’ original restaurant.
Not only can you actually dine at the Harland Sanders Café and Museum, but you can then tour the building and see all kinds of artifacts and memorabilia from the famous restaurateur’s legacy.
3. Vent Haven Museum
In the small town of Fort Mitchell is the world’s only museum dedicated to ventriloquism: the Vent Haven Museum. This is by far one of the strangest places I’ve ever seen while researching a destination, and now it has been bumped up pretty high on my bucket list.
The museum has over 700 dolls, featuring some that have been on TV and in movies, all from the personal collection of William Shakespeare Berger. If you’re a fan of weird museums and happen to be driving through Fort Mitchell, you’ll definitely want to make a pit stop here.
2. Historic Diamond Caverns
Located right next to Mammoth Cave National Park, this unique attraction is a must-visit while you’re in the area. Its cathedral-like caverns feature cascades of naturally colorful calcite and other mind-blowing formations. Guided tours are available and are the perfect way to see the gorgeous caverns and learn about their interesting history.
1. Kentucky Kingdom
I’m a big fan of roller coasters, so I can’t skip out on adding Kentucky Kingdom to this list. This theme park may be small compared to megaparks like Six Flags and Disney World, but it’s a charming homegrown spot that locals adore. There are five roller coasters, a 5-D cinema, and plenty of other fun attractions to enjoy.
***
As you can see, Kentucky is full of quirky surprises and abundant natural beauty. There are plenty of amazing places just waiting to be discovered by travelers who are new to the state and also by locals looking to learn more about what there is to do near them!
Are you a Kentucky native? Which places did we miss this time? Let us know where your secret spots are!
Click to read more posts about
General Meeting & Free workshop by Evan_Test | Jan 10, 2015 Calendar Add to Calendar Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML When: March 21, 2015 all-day 2015-03-21T00:00:00+11:00 2015-03-22T00:00:00+11:00 Where: Craig Family Centre 7 Samarinda Avenue Ashburton VIC 3147 Australia Cost: Free Contact: Sandra Templeman 9887 4774 Email Framing Ideas for Painting and Porcelain with Diddy and Rosemary Obelt DON’T FORGET *** Buy, Swap and Sell at Lunch time***The Western Clawed Frog (Xenopus tropicalis) also known to tropical fish keeping enthusiasts as the Tropical Clawed Frog inhabits the tropical and subtropical rain forests of Western Africa from Senegal to Cameroon and eastern Zaire where it inhabits slow moving rivers, streams, swamps, freshwater lakes, marshes, ponds, canals, and ditches throughout their range.
They have a wide range and are found throughout Cameroon, the Ivory Coast, Burkina Faso, Benin, Equatorial Guinea, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo, and possibly even Mali.
Because it is the only species in the Xenopus genus that has a diploid (cells with two homologous copies of each chromosome; normally one from the mother and one from the father) genome which has been sequenced, it along with it’s cousin the African Clawed Frog (Xenopus laevis), is widely bred and used in biological and genetic research. Xenopus tropicalis have a much shorter life cycle than Xenopus laevis, grow to only 1.95″ long, and attain adulthood at only 4 months, vs. 12 months for Xenopus tropicalis.
Xenopus tropicalis is a medium sized species that has a flattened body, bulging eyes that are situated high on their head, short plump limbs, and fully webbed feet with horny like claws. They have a short tentacle below each eye and a row of tubercles that run along a lateral line on their flank that begins at the eye. They have a fine granular skin, a pale to dark brown body with small black and gray spots on the back, and a creamy white to yellowish underbelly with some darker mottling.
Western Clawed Frogs should be housed in an aquarium of at least 10 gallons with a medium size gravel substrate, some hardy aquatic plants along with some driftwood
and rock work structure for them to hide among, and some floating plants
to diffuse the lighting in the tank.
They require adequate filtration, but avoid any strong currents in the tank. These frogs need a tightly fitting cover to prevent them from crawling out of their tanks. They are best kept in a single species tank with 4 or 5 others of their own kind, but they can be kept in a community environment as long as the fish are not smaller than themselves.
In the wild, Western Clawed Frogs are found underneath flat stones, tree roots, and holes in the riverbanks of shallow streams during the dry season, and when the rainy season begins, they migrate across the wet rain forest floor at night to find small pools where they can spawn. Their spawning behavior is like that of the African Clawed Frog (Xenopus laevis) but they produce a larger number of eggs per spawn and have a shorter (5 month) generation time. The usually lay their eggs on plants, but they are often found floating on the water surface.
The tadpoles are generally an orange color with transparent to blackish colored tails. They have wide mouths that are used to filter zooplankton from the water, and they transform into adults when they reach about 2 inches in length.
In their natural habitat, adult Western Clawed Frogs feed on insect larvae, small fish, tadpoles, and earthworms. In an aquarium environment, they should be feed meaty foods like live, frozen, or freeze dried bloodworms
, waxworms, earthworms
, tubifex, feeder fish, guppies, brine shrimp, or sinking carnivore pellets. They will also eat fish smaller than themselves. Feed them either every couple of days, or smaller portions daily.
Western Clawed Frogs are available online or from specialty tropical fish keeping shops at reasonable prices when they are about 1 1/2″ in size.
Minimum Tank Size: 10 gallons
Care Level: Easy
Temperament:
Aquarium Hardiness: Hardy
Water Conditions: 72-82° F, KH 5-8, pH 6.8-7.8
Max Size: 1 1/2” to 2 1/4”
Color Form: Brown, Tan
Diet: Omnivore
Compatibility: Single species or Community
Origin: Senegal, Cameroon, Zaire
Family: Pipidae
Life Span: 5-20 years
Aquarist Experience Level: BeginnerHittin’ The Canvas Wrestling Pulsecast – TLC 2013 Preview
December 13, 2013 | Features, Podcasts, Top Story | No Comments|
Justin and Matt give their predictions for what may turn out to be the biggest WWE PPV of the year, TLC 2013 – headlined by a title unification TLC match between John Cena and Randy Orton.
Podcast: Play in new window | Download
Tags: Antonio Cesaro, Brock Lesnar, chris jericho, cm punk, Cody Rhodes, Damien Sandow, Daniel Bryan, Dolph Ziggler, Hulk Hogan, jack swagger, john cena, randy orton, Raw, rey mysterio, shawn michaels, The Shield, triple h, vince mcmahon, wrestlemania, WWE, wwe championship, WWE RAW, WWE TLCIt’s the season of giving. Give the gift of dynamic and life progressing support.
Here’s a different Christmas Gift for yourself or someone you love. This is only on a gift that is different, but this gift will make a difference.
2 for 1 offer on Coaching with me, Sandra Pollock.
Coaching is not only for those times when you feel like you’ve lost your way but also for those time when you just need a reflective view on where you’re going with your life or business.
When I was introduced to Sandra, I was on the cusp of starting my business but I lacked confidence personally and in business. I was nurtured, taught and pushed. It takes a special person to do what she does and she is an asset to our community.
Sandra knows her stuff (particularly around business development, how to get the best out each person, and how to motivate you to get your best out of yourself. She is generous with her time, knowledge and contacts and provides a platform for women in business to thrive. Sandra has had a long career in supporting thousands of women across England, Scotland, and Wales and is, in my opinion, an unsung heroine of women’s development. Precious Jason, Founder Etieno Skin Care
This would be a great gift to raise confidence, self-belief, career transition and helping to get that promotion.
This offer will close soon. Make sure you don’t miss it.
To purchase your 2 for 1 Coaching Sessions please follow the link below.
Be the first to add a commentArmenian soprano Mané Galoyan won the second prize at the Operalia 2021 world opera competition. Galoyan shared the second award with tenors Bekhzod Davronov (Uzbekistan) and Jonah Hoskins (USA).
Russia mezzo-soprano Victoria Karkacheva and tenor Ivan Ayon-Rivas of Peru became the winners of this year’s competition.
Operalia was founded in 1993 by Plácido Domingo to discover and help launch the careers of the most promising young opera singers of today.
Operalia’s goal is to attract singers between the ages of eighteen and thirty-two, of all voice types from and all over the world, to have them audition and be heard by a panel of distinguished international personalities, in the most prestigious and competitive showcase in the world.
Mane Galoyan was also awarded the Pepita Embil Prize of Zarzuela and the Rolex Prize of the Audience.
Ms. Galoyan is a graduate of the Houston Grand Opera Studio, and holds two degrees from the Yerevan State Komitas Conservatory in Armenia, where she was named the 2013 winner of the President of the Republic of Armenia Youth Prize. She is based in Berlin with her husband, conductor Roberto Kalb.
Mané Galoyan is.The Institute
The Institute for Medical Informatics and Biometry (IMB) is part of the Carl Gustav Carus Faculty of Medicine at the Technische Universität Dresden. The research of the IMB focuses on medical systems biology / systems medicine and medical informatics. Here, the development and application of mathematical and computational methods are used to advance our understanding of diseases as well as to improve and develop new therapeutic approaches and to support innovative health care strategies. We are involved in the German Medical Informatics Initiative.
More information about our institute
Unsere Social-Media-KanäleI love using background paper, but I don’t do it too often because it’s a hassle to drag it out. BUT – you may have noticed I’ve been using it a lot more recently. Trevor hooked me up! And I’m here to show you – – how to hang background paper in your garage – it’s awesome!!
First off, I’ve probably mentioned this a million times, but one of the best places to take pictures is in your garage – really! Open up the garage door and tons of natural light pours in, yet it’s not in the direct sun (well, for me in the morning it’s not – – the picture above was taken in the late afternoon and you can see the sun starting to creep in). It’s perfect.
I bought my background paper a couple of years ago – I bought 3 rolls. I have pink, teal, and gray. Then I bought white recently.
So anyways, I had the rolls but I didn’t use them too often because I stored them in the basement. When I did use them, I clipped the end of the roll to a chair or trashcan (setting the roll on the ground) so the paper didn’t go very high – – good for sitting kiddos, but that was about it.
Well, a few weeks ago, I asked Trevor if he’d hold the background paper up high while one the kids took my picture – cause I didn’t know how to hang it from anything high. He looked around, and said “just a minute” – grabbed a couple of those C clap things and attached them to the top of garage door (it was open) – -then he grabbed an old bar thing we had and shoved it through the roll of paper and the “c” part of the two C clamps – and it held!!
And I took these pictures (by the way, it’s wedding season – be sure you have belts for your little men!)
Here’s how it looks from the back (standing in the garage looking out) – –
Well, I LOVED IT!! I mentioned that I had more rolls in the basement, so maybe he could hang one up on the other side of the garage. He got even fancier this time – – 2 rolls at once. He built this piece of wood with holes in it, hung the rolls on length of PVC pipe, and caped the end (he was hoping the cap handles would roll the paper up, but they don’t). It’s still being held on by C Clamps – 2 on each side. This is when the garage door is up and I’m looking up at it:
Here’s what it looks like from the driveway – – see the rolls up in their spot??
And here’s what it looks like when the garage door is down – it just sits against the door:
It’s been up for several weeks and not fallen off (which was my fear). I need him to build another one of these fancy versions for the other side, so it can hold 2 instead of 1.
And where was this thing years ago?!?! It’s SO HANDY!! Anytime I need a picture, I just open the garage door and pull down on whichever paper I want to use. Then roll it up when I’m done. LOVE IT!!
It lets me get pictures that look kind of professional – – here’s a sample from some I took for Father’s Day:
So get some rolls of background paper and hook it up to your garage door – it works!! Go try it!!
Neat! Where do you get the rolls of paper from???
What a cool idea! And side note-love the hand prints on the back of your van!
This is a great idea!!! I’d also like to know where you get the rolls of paper?
GREAT idea! now all I need is a garage =)
Love this! Pinning this on my Honey-Do board!
Wonderful idea! I too, would love to know where you can purchase the rolls of paper. Maybe my re-do will begin to change after I try this. I am not sure if it went through, but my re-do moment was to take more picures of my children when they were teenagers. At that age they are too cool for pictures, but I wish I had listened to my heart instead of their urges to stop. Now before they head back to college in a month, I can maybe snap a few great posable shots! 🙂
Great IDea. I’m so pinning this so I can do it later. Thanks for sharing.
Such a good idea! What kind of paper is it?? It seems like it would get really beaten up if it was just craft paper… ?
Looks like it is the question of the day, but I didn’t see the answer in the comments! Where did you get the paper from? 🙂
sorry I’m slow to reply – – I bought it here:
good price but shipping can get ya, so be sure to order more than one…
what kind of pole did you use…If you aren’t sure whether another woman is interested in you, one of the most surefire but subtle ways to check is to see if they are making direct eye contact with you. Once or twice can be a coincidence, but if you are seeing it regularly then there is definitely some interest there.
But there’s more than one way to tell if she’s into you:
- If she is frequently looking for ways to talk to you, topics to talk about, or wants to ask you questions, there’s a good chance that she’s being more than just friendly. Go ahead and answer her questions and chat her up as much as you want. Show her you are interested too.
- If she looks for reasons to sit next to or across from you. Whether you are grabbing lunch or just sitting at a park with friends if you happen to notice that there’s a pattern try approaching her about meeting up, just the two of you.
- One of the biggest signs is if she’s constantly touching you in light, friendly ways. It can be a hand on your knee or hugs that go on for just a moment longer than with other friends. If you happen to notice her going out of her way to touch you, she’s giving you a clear sign of interest.
- She tells you about her queer experiences and is especially interested in yours. This isn’t necessarily a sign that she’s into you, but it can be a good indicator if you are getting along well.
Wanna know why lesbian relationships are said to be the best ones? Read this article to convince yourself why female same-sex couples are happier.
It is also possible that other lesbians or women who are bi may not show their interest openly. There can be a range of how open they are about this, from subtle glances to direct contact. This is why it is important to recognize some of the cues that they can be giving you.
However, it is possible that she may be doing certain things unintentionally, and is not actually interested in you. Pay attention to these kinds of signs and go the extra distance to ask around and see if she might be interested.
But what if you are using the best lesbian dating sites out there? Or maybe you have installed a lesbian dating app? You may still find yourself in situations where you just don’t know. Read on to learn about how you can tell if she is into you when you are online!
How do you find a lesbian relationship on online dating sites?
Being online can make a big difference when it comes to looking for subtle cues. In many ways, however, it is a lot more direct: someone who is into you will find ways to use the online service features to drop hints. This can be sending you emojis, liking your profile, or commenting.
Dating apps and services tend to be more direct anyway. If she’s really into you she will eventually send you some sort of message trying to get to know you. This can be just making an effort to start a conversation, if she’s not being blunt!
A big give away is if she takes the time to go through your profile and learn a bit about you. When she is using that as a way to get to know you better, you can be certain that she is into you! Take the time to reciprocate by learning about her and reaching out to her yourself!
Need inspiration for your date night? Check out our list of the best lesbian and queer movies.
What to do if she’s actually not into you?
Mistakes can happen and it’s a tricky business when it comes to dating. This is especially the case if it turns out she’s not a lesbian or bi. Assuming she’s a reasonable person, the most practical thing to do is also the best approach: be upfront about it and explain that you were getting mixed signals.
She could just be an outgoing, touchy-feely kind of person. It happens, and misreading these kind of interactions is common enough. The important thing to remember is that you’re both adults and there’s no reason to let a misunderstanding get in the way of a friendship.
No matter how she reacts, be open and direct with your feelings. If she’s been giving the wrong signals don’t be embarrassed and don’t feel let down. However, if she is into you, then getting onto the same page can help both of you overcome a lot of uncertainty quickly.HSHS Holy Family Hospital is accepting applications for their Patient and Family Engagement Council (PFEC). The Patient and Family Engagement Council’s mission is to provide a collaborative partnership for families and HSHS clinicians, administrators and colleagues to promote the delivery of patient and family-centered health care.
Council members will be selected to represent the many different types of patients and caregivers who use Holy Family Hospital. Patients or family members of patients who use a wide range of hospital services are encouraged to apply. Adult family members, caregivers and those from a variety of cultures, races, religions and social backgrounds will be considered.
“We are excited to develop our council to assist us in gathering insight from community members and providing recommendations to hospital leaders on programs and projects related to the strategic goals of the organization,” shared Teresa Cornelius, chief nursing officer at Holy Family Hospital. “With help from our community members, we look forward to continuing to make changes that positively impact the patient and family experience.”
The Patient and Family Engagement Council will meet every other month; those interested are asked to commit to serving for at least one year. The council will work together on the items listed below.
Gather feedback from community members to assist the hospital in improving systems, processes, safety and efficiency of care for patients and family members.
Collaborate with hospital leaders as necessary to integrate suggested improvements into the planning and development process for new initiatives, programs and projects.
Provide suggestions on ways to build positive relationships between the hospital and members of the community.
Assist in promoting health care services provided by the hospital to the community through networking and advocacy efforts.
Interested community members are asked to contact Donna Dothager, at 618-690-3410 or email Donna.Dothager@hshs.org for more information or to request an application.Cosmetic facial injectables at our Oakleigh dental practice. Why choose a dentist for facial injectable treatment? Coming to a dentist for facial injectable treatment makes good sense. Dentists have a highly-developed knowledge of facial anatomy, structure and function – more so than most other health practitioners. Dentists are also highly skilled in delivering painless injections to the mouth, oral cavity and facial area across a range of everyday dental procedures. At Station Square Dental we offer skin-enhancing solutions which give you a fresher appearance to match your gorgeous smile.The blessings of Abraham (Part 2)
Apr 20, 2011, 5:50 PM
Agribusiness Services Unit under the department of agriculture with funding from Food Agricultural Sector Development Project (FASDEP) Friday commenced a five-day farmers training on leadership skills, business management plans, organisational structures and other related business agricultural skill acquisitions.
Held at Jenio Rural Farmer Training Centre, the training was aimed at strengthening the capacity of the farmers in improving their earning capacity through adoption of better business strategy plans.
It brought about fifty farmer representatives from various group organizations across the country and individual business entity.
In his statement, Cherno Mballow, registrar of cooperative and head of Agribusiness Services Unit under the department of agriculture, explained that his unit is closely collaborating with Food Agricultural Sector Development Project (FASDEP) to train farmers in certain disciplines.
He noted that the training was focusing on leadership, organizational structures and business management, especially on agricultural strategy.
Mr Mballow said there had been so much emphasis on production over the years, but they would focus on agriculture commercialization as a business, moving from subsistence agriculture to commercialisation.
Therefore, he added, the new paradigm shift was to ensure agriculture go along with the value chain from production to the table.
That means farmers have to be trained not only on production but also on processing, marketing, business management, leadership and group management, which are key issues to which Agribusiness expected to expose the farmers during the five-day training so that by the time FASDEP, the main funding activities of the farmers training, rolled out the implementation program or activities, farmers would be in a position to have reasonable skills to be able to a carry out effectively and efficiently their business plans, he stated.
He said the training was also targeting small ruminant breeding farmers to equip them with the requisite skills to effectively manage their group market produce and to better help the farmers to carry out their business monitoring to determine whether they are making profit in their business.
Agribusiness involved all the value chain players, such as marketers, processors, transporters, producers, vendors and other businesses related to agriculture.
He spoke at length about the mandate and the activities of Agribusiness, saying their mandate is to regulate all the cooperatives relating to agricultural development, auditing for the society and other issues like marketing and facilitating training for farmers on various activities, as well as providing services capacity building and business linkages within organisations.
In his official opening statement, the Governor of Lower River Region, Salifu Puye, said building the capacity of the farmers in improving their production and productivity was key and in line with the President’s vision.
He commended the Gambian leader for taking the lead in empowering the farmers to go back to the land and ‘grow what you eat and eat what you grow’.
He challenged the farmers to take the training seriously as these are government projects to improve the livelihood of the farmers.
Hawawu Barry, Agribusiness marketing officer, highlighted some of the expectations of the training in the thematic areas the participants would be exposed to during the five-day, as well as some recommendations for their business strategy plans that would be of impact and improve their daily business and livelihood.Oppo Official shared First Look of ENCO Q1 : Noise Cancelling Headphone
On the morning of August 19th, OPPO Vice President Shen Yiren announced on Weibo: OPPO’s first wireless noise canceling headphones will be named OPPO ENCO Q1, using 4Mic FF+FB dual active noise reduction.
OPPO official microblogging has also officially launched this neck-mounted wireless noise canceling headphones, the neck ring has a streamline curvature, the three-dimensional curve fits the neck. One-piece molding technology, no splicing gaps. Ergonomic earplugs that fit the ear canal. In terms of color, it is available in black, white and orange.
“4Mic FF+FB dual active noise reduction” means “four microphones, feedforward + feedback mixed noise reduction”. Active noise reduction is divided into feedforward (Feed Fore) noise reduction and feedback (Feed Back) noise reduction. At present, many noise canceling headphones only use FF noise reduction, and double noise reduction will be more eliminated after double “filtering” noise elimination thorough.
At present, the headset is not yet on the OPPO official website, and the time and price of the sale are unknown.
At present, Sony and BOSE’s noise-cancelling headphones dominate the market. OPPO’s self-developing noise-reducing neck-mounted headphones must focus on noise reduction and sound quality in order to highlight the encirclement, and also adjust the OPPO mobile phone. To improve the sound quality and reduce the delay is also a good selling point.Malus domestica: Gardenia
- Artist:
- Prestele, William Henry, 1838-1895
- Scientific Name:
- Malus domestica
- Common Name:
- apples
- Variety:
- Gardenia
- Geographic Origin:
- Gardenia, Prince Edward, Virginia, and United States
- Physical Description:
- 1 art original : col. ; 17 x 25 cm.
- Year:
- 1893
- Specimen:
- 5943
- Date Created:
- 1893
-We carry a great selection of Drum Kits, Percussion Instruments & Accessories
Tama Drum Kits
We stock ImperialStar, SilverStar, Star Classic and SuperStar drum kits in a wide variety of finishes, and kit configurations. We can also custom order kits for you. Cobra pedal hardware is also in stock.
Latin & Ethnic Percussion
Congas, Bongos, Timbales, Cowbells, Shakers, Guiros, Maracas, Claves, Pandeiros, Cajons, Blocks, Accessories and more ! We carry a large selection of Latin & Ethnic percussion.
Yamaha Drum Kits
We carry everything from the acoustic Live Custom, Gig Maker and Maple Custom Series Kits to the electronic DTX Series.
Stop by today and try out these amazing acoustic and electronic drum kits.
We also stock Roland Electronic Kits.
Need to rent a drum kit for your next gig or recording session ? We have a Tama Superstar Classic Maple kit ready to rent by the day.
Call for other rental options, or email Tim Smith for more information. timsmith@falcettimusic.comTRUITT TRIAL: Day 4
D.A. Challenges
Truitt’s Brother
By LIBBY CUDMORE • Special to
COOPERSTOWN – In his testimony this morning, Terrence Truitt, the older brother of defendant Gabriel Truitt, said he went to 5 Walling Ave. – home of Heather Engler – to help his brother look for the keys he’d lost that night following a fight at the Sip & Sail Tavern.
District Attorney John Meuhl wasn’t buying it.
“The Sip & Sail is the opposite direction of Walling Avenue,” he said. “You went to Heather’s Engler place because you knew what your brother was going to do.”
According to Meuhl, Gabriel left the Tru Cuts Barber Shop at 4:04 a.m. and was seen on the Center Street Deli’s cameras at 4:09 a.m., headed towards Walling Avenue.
By the time Terrence arrived, he testified, the building was already on fire. “I saw people on the fire escape, a woman and some children, and I ran in, but I couldn’t get to the top of the stairs,” he said. “I went to Main Street, flagged someone down and asked if they had a cell phone. They didn’t, so I asked them to drive me to the Speedway.”
“Why didn’t you call them from your phone?” Muehl asked. “We have you on video from the barber shop, putting your phone in your pocket. (That’s) Because you didn’t want to be tied to the scene. You went into the house because you were looking for your brother.”
“Why would I care who called 911?” he replied.
Terrence deferred on several questions, telling Muehl that he “didn’t remember” telling the police that Gabriel was going to 5 Walling Ave. or that when he asked Gabriel if he set the fire, he avoided the question.
Public Defender Michael Trossett, representing Gabriel, asked Terrence if he saw Gabriel at the fire.
“No,” Terrence replied.
“Am I speaking a different language than Mr. Trosset?” Muehl asked on redirect. “Why are you answering his questions and not mine?”
Jurors were then shown a tape of Gabriel Truitt’s interview with Oneonta Police on Dec. 31, 2018, where he claimed it was his brother who left Tru Cuts barber shop, while he stayed inside and waited for a cab. He told police Terrence came back in a cab a short while later, contrasting what Terrence said and what the surveillance footage from the barber shop showed."Please hear me clearly: At this level of cases with variants spreading, we stand to completely lose the hard earned ground we have gained," said Dr Rochelle Walensky, director of the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention.
After weeks of tumbling case numbers, new infections are on the rise again - about two per cent more this past week compared to the previous week, Dr Walensky said on Monday.
LIVE UPDATES: Tropical cyclone batters north Queensland
"Similarly, the most recent seven-day average of deaths has also increased more than 2 per cent... to nearly 2000 deaths per day."
Dr Walensky also called out states that were easing up on COVID-19 safety mandates.
"I am really worried about reports that more states are rolling back the exact public health measures we have recommended to protect people from COVID-19," she said.
"Please stay strong in your conviction. Continue wearing your well-fitting mask and taking the other public health prevention actions that we know work," Dr Walensky added.
"It is so critical that we remain vigilant and consistently take all of the mitigation steps we know work to stop the spread of COVID-19 while we work our way toward mass vaccination."
A third vaccine will help with mass vaccination
The good news this week: Johnson & Johnson's single-dose vaccine will start being administered.
"There's a kind of new urgency to it," said Dr Eric Rubin, a professor at the Harvard TH Chan School of Public Health.
"Because there are new viral variants coming out right now, with some chance that some of them could eventually become somewhat resistant to the protection provided by vaccines, it's really important to get it out there fast."
"Those J&J doses will be delivered as early as this Tuesday morning."
As a one-dose vaccine, "people do not have to return for a second dose to be protected," Dr Walensky said.
"In addition, this vaccine does not need to be kept in a freezer and can be stored at refrigerated temperatures. So it is easy to transport and store and allows for expanded availability in most community settings and mobile sites as supply scales up."
The other two vaccines being distributed - one from Pfizer-BioNTech and one from Moderna - both have efficacy rates of about 95 per cent, with even greater protection against severe forms of disease.
The Johnson & Johnson vaccine has shown a 72 per cent efficacy rate against mild to severe/critical disease among US trial participants.
READ MORE: Brazilian strain of virus found in UK
It's more effective against severe forms of disease, with about 85 per cent protection.
Don't be too picky about which vaccine you get
Health experts say Americans should not be deterred by J&J's slightly lower numbers.
Its vaccine was tested later than the other two vaccines, when infections were already surging and new variant strains were spreading more widely.
The J&J vaccine was also tested in South Africa when the troubling B.1.351 strain was dominant there, but it still gave strong protection against severe illness.
Health experts such as Dr Anthony Fauci have said they would be happy to get the Johnson & Johnson vaccine if it were the only one available because all three vaccines getting distributed in the US are highly effective against severe COVID-19.
And if that's the only vaccine available in your area, you should go ahead and get it once you're able to, CNN medical analyst Dr Leana Wen said Monday.
"Think about the other vaccines that we get. If we go in to get the flu vaccine, I don't think anyone is asking the brand of the flu vaccine (or) what company manufactures it."
Besides, "in the immediate future, people are not going to be getting a choice when supply is a limiting factor," she said.
"Right now, the key is to get immunity of some kind. Get whatever vaccine is first available to you. You can always get another vaccine or booster shot later on when supply is not the issue."
New variants keep spreading
March will be a very important chapter in this pandemic.
The CDC has predicted the highly contagious B.1.1.7 variant first detected in the UK will become the dominant strain in the US this month.
More than 2,460 infections involving variant strains have been reported, according the CDC data. The vast majority of those cases -- at least 2,400 - are of the highly contagious B.1.1.7 strain.
Those counts are probably much lower than the actual number of people infected by variants.
The numbers represent only those variant cases found through genomic sequencing, the CDC has said.
The US has lagged behind dozens of other countries in the proportion of cases tested for variants, but the CDC said it's working to scale up those efforts.
Can vaccines fend off the new variants?
Johnson & Johnson, Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech are all trying to make sure their vaccines get ahead of the variants.
Johnson & Johnson is working on a booster to help its COVID-19 vaccine deal with new strains of coronavirus variants, CEO Alex Gorsky said on Monday.
"While we're encouraged and we're confident in the current vaccine that we have, you've always got to be preparing for the future and frankly for the unknown," Mr Gorsky said.
Last week, Moderna said it has designed a booster shot to help stave off the B.1.351 strain, which has worried scientists because it has a mutation that might affect the efficacy of vaccines.
That shot would serve as a booster for people who have already been vaccinated and as a primary vaccine for people who haven't had coronavirus and have not yet been vaccinated.
READ MORE: When you will receive the COVID-19 vaccine
Moderna is also testing a third, lower dose of its current vaccine in trial participants to see if that would protect against troubling variants.
Pfizer and BioNTech said last week that they've started testing how well a third dose of their authorised vaccine stacks up against new variants.
Many more need vaccine before herd immunity
While news of third COVID-19 vaccine is worth celebrating, the US is still a long way off from herd immunity. That's when enough people are protected against a virus that it cannot spread through the population.
About 15 per cent of the US population has received at least one shot of their two-dose Moderna or Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine, according to CDC data on Sunday.
About 7.5 per cent of Americans have been fully vaccinated with both doses.
Vaccines will be tested," Dr Douoguih told a CDC advisory committee on Sunday.
"The study in adolescents, we hope, will open next week. We are also anticipating a study in pregnant women in the second and third trimesters toward the end of March, early April," Dr Douoguih said.
Johnson & Johnson also plans to begin study in immunocompromised people in the third quarter of this year, Dr Douoguih said.
The FDA's emergency use authorisation for the Johnson & Johnson vaccine is currently for use in adults 18 and older.
The Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine has been authorised for people 16 and older, and the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine has been authorised for people 18 and older.
Both Moderna and Pfizer have started enrolling children in COVID-19 vaccine trials.Rossendale based, CircleLoop, the cloud-based phone system, has announced its launch into the Irish market where it will power application-based telephony for Irish SMEs. This move also signifies the company’s first international launch with other countries planned later in the year.
Since its launch in 2017, CircleLoop has experienced a continued period of growth in the UK market with it’s.”
For more information about the company or to try a free 7 day trial visit.Abstract.
Keywords
- Gestalt
- abstraction
- simplification
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Computer Graphics and Computer-Aided DesignSacraments
The Diocese of Tyler adheres to the Restored Order of the Sacraments…..CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
What)
Learn more about the Necessity of Baptism.
This information is for the Baptism of children under the age of seven:
Before the baptism can be scheduled, the following items are required: active parish registration, a copy of your child’s birth certificate, Baptism Registration form, and a Godparent form for each Godparent.
Attendance at a Pre-Baptismal class is required for both parents and godparents.
The Baptism Preparation Classes are offered every other month on a Tuesdays. You must register for class before attending. Space is limited.
2021 Dates: February 16, April 13, September 14, November 16
For more details concerning Infant Baptism (0-6 years), please contact Lucia Altenhofen: 903-592-1617 ex 133 or laltenhofen@thecathedral.info
For more details concerning Baptism (7+ years), Confirmation, and First Communion; please contact Peggy Hammett: 903-592-1617 ex 119 or phammett@thecathedral.info
Children over the age of seven who are not baptized must go through the Christian Initiation processes.
Confession (Reconciliation)
First Penance is available for all baptized Catholics who are above the age of reason (7 years old).
Please see the parish schedule on the homepage for regular confession times. For emergencies please call the Cathedral Office: (903) 592-1617
Confirmation
For those 7-16 years of age: Candidates are involved in a systematic faith formation for three years (in Family Catechesis or Catholic Education), attend Sacramental Workshop Sessions, and participate regularly in the Sacrament of Penance. After this period, the candidate is assessed for eligibility for the Sacraments of Confirmation and First Holy Communion.
For Adults: Christian Initiation
First Communion (First E)
For those 7-16 years of age: Confirmation and First Holy Communion are prepared for and celebrated at the same time. Please see the Confirmation section for further information.
For Adults: Christian Initiation details, contact Jodi Todd: 903-592-1617 ex 130 or jtodd@thecathedral.info
Priesthood (and Religious)
For guidance in your discernment, contact the Vocations Office of the Diocese of Tyler.
Religious Life (not one of the Seven Sacraments)
)
For guidance in your discernment, see Consecrated Religious of The Diocese of Tyler
Anointing of the Sick are in need of this Sacrament, please call to make an appointment with a priest.
Call the parish office: 903-592-1617 If in danger of death, call: 903-279-7886Phoenix Transitional Deep Cappuccino Dresser
Current price $753.90
Enjoy an ideal mix of quality and function with the Phoenix Dresser, available in warm brown and cappuccino finishes. This nine-drawer dresser comes equipped with three smaller top drawers and six spacious full drawers for optimal storage space. Metal pull handles accent this dresser giving a pop of color and contrast.
Length: 63.0 Width: 16.5 Height: 40.0Access Guide
Show Easy Read
COVID-19 Information (University of Manchester)
Location of Room(s)
- Seminar Room C is/are located on the ground floor of Crawford House, off the main corridor.
- To view the AccessAble access guide for Crawford House 65cm and 69cm.
- A height adjustable table/bench is not available.
- There is a/are chair(s) with armrests on both sides within the room(s).
- Floor coverings in the room(s) are even with no trip hazards.The P2P lending platform says it is now targeting higher payouts in both its Core and Plus accounts.
A rate rise by the Bank of England has prompted peer-to-peer lending platform Zopa to increase its investor target rates, according to a statement by the firm.
Zopa will increase its rates to 4.5 per cent for its Core and 5.2 per cent for its Plus accounts. Returns have increased from 4 per cent for Core and 4.6 per cent for Plus respectively.
The higher target returns reflect pricing improvements in the loans market, Zopa says, as well as the Bank of England’s recent base rate rise in August to 0.75 per cent. This was the UK’s second rate rise in a year, following last Autumn’s rise from 0.25 per cent to 0.5 per cent.
However, while that was a level prompted by the Brexit vote’s huge uncertainty, the more recent rise reflected the first rise above 0.5 per cent since the Financial Crisis’ nadir in March 2009.
Zopa cut its rates in order to remain competitive in a crowded market of prime consumer lenders in 2016 following an interest rate cut to 0.25 per cent from the UK central bank, several times dropping its interest rates and henee the returns it targets for investors.
Many had expected higher interest rates to be a bullish signal for P2P lenders who have a better track record of passing these rises onto investors.
The Bank of England’s governor Mark Carney has said there will be further "gradual" and "limited" rate rises in the coming year or so.
Andrew Lawson, Chief Product Officer, said: “We’re delighted to offer investors a return of up to 5.2 per cent for accepting the risk of peer-to-peer lending".
“As demand for Cash ISAs drops to an 18 year low, the IFISA stands as an excellent middle ground for people who are looking for an alternative to the Cash ISA but don’t want to take on the risks or volatility associated with investing in the stock market," he added.
24 November 2021
Daniel Lanyon
24 November 2021
Oliver Smith
23 November 2021
Daniel Lanyon
19 November 2021
AltFi
Editor's Pick
14 April 2021
AltFiFebruary 13, 2019 News… CHARLESTON, W.Va. – Fifty-one students from across West Virginia will recite poems by Rita Dove, Billy Collins, Sara Teasdale, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Carmen Gimenez Smith, Kevin Young and many others during the 2019 Poetry Out Loud state finals competition set for March 1-2, 2019, at the Culture Center in Charleston. The winner will represent West Virginia at the 2019 national Poetry Out Loud competition in Washington, D.C., on April 30 – May 1. Storyteller, author and recording artist Bil Lepp will serve as master of ceremonies for the state competition. Lepp is a five-time champion of the West Virginia Liars Contest and winner of the 2018 Vandalia Award. His works have received recognition from the Parents’ Choice Foundation, the National Parenting Publications Association and the Public Library Association. In 2011, he was awarded the National Storytelling Network’s Circle of Excellence Award. Lepp is the author of seven books and 16 audio collections. [email protected]. ALPHABETICAL SCHOOL LIST WITH STUDENT COMPETITORS: Kayley Brinegar – Berkeley Springs High School Katie Pearson – Buckhannon-Upshur High School Natalie Eastone – Cabell Midland High School Shannon Knowlton – Cameron High School Virginia Groce – Capital High School Ty Spurlock – Doddridge County High School Emily Yates – East Hardy High School Maggie McAllister – Fayetteville High School Ashlyn Bell – George Washington High School Trevor Swiger – Grafton High School Brett Napier – Greenbrier East High School Tia Walkup – Greenbrier West High School Sara Money – Hampshire High School Victoria Bannon – Huntington High School Melia Beckford – Hurricane High School Brianna Watson – Lewis County High School Justin Pettry – Liberty High School Devesh Shah – The Linsly School Brooke Ooten – Logan High School Ryan Horn – Magnolia High School Emily Cales – Meadow Bridge High School Malerie Hendrick – Midland Trail Allyson Brothers – Oak Glen High School Natasha Askew – Richwood High School Renee Varnell – Ripley High School Suraya Boggs – Roane County High School Adeline Sims – Wirt County High School Dylan Cain – Woodrow Wilson High School Kalli Stewart – Wyoming East High School -30-Description
STUNNING ranch home on AMAZING lot! You will fall in love with this setting and location that offers privacy and year round beauty. Sunlit family room has wall of windows; living room has floor to ceiling stone fireplace, stunning accent wall; formal dining room is open to the gorgeous sunlit kitchen with Quartz island, pantry, recessed lighting, skylights! Wine cooler and appliances included. Three bedrooms including the master suite which has breathtaking views of the back patio, fountain and landscaping. The master bath has shower and 2 dressing areas. Main bath with double sinks. There's more ... the enclosed Sunroom has walls of windows and sliding glass door to patio area. There is baseboard heat in the Sunroom so you can use it as needed. Now the garage ... too much to say. It's a dream garage/outbuilding with space for 10 vehicles, workshop with heated floor, loft for storage and lift. Picturesque winding driveway takes you through the beautiful landscaping. Great location minutes from Eastview Mall and thruway and about 20 minutes to Rochester. You won't want to miss this one! Delayed showings until 11/26/21. Delayed negotiations until 12/2/21 noon.
Similar Listings
3 Beds
3 Baths
2,100 Sq ft
$584,900
MLS# R1378025
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
3 Beds
3 Baths
2,042 Sq ft
$599,820
MLS# R1377687
Courtesy of: Woodstone Realty
2 Beds
2 Baths
1,852 Sq ft
$480,900
MLS# R1376838
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
4 Beds
5 Baths
3,648 Sq ft
$489,000
MLS# R1376098
Courtesy of: Mitchell Pierson, Jr., Inc.
4 Beds
3 Baths
4,225 Sq ft
$989,900
MLS# R1375432
Courtesy of: Hunt Real Estate ERA/Columbus
4 Beds
3 Baths
3,021 Sq ft
$676,900
MLS# R1375564
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
2 Beds
3 Baths
2,000 Sq ft
$529,900
MLS# R1373920
Courtesy of: Howard Hanna
2 Beds
2 Baths
1,755 Sq ft
$470,900
MLS# R1372989
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
4 Beds
4 Baths
2,899 Sq ft
$637,900
MLS# R1371636
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
3 Beds
4 Baths
2,938 Sq ft
$615,900
MLS# R1371641
Courtesy of: Morrell Realty
4 Beds
3 Baths
2,696 Sq ft
$596,400
MLS# R1367244
Courtesy of: Morrell RealtyMohamed Salah is FIFA 22’s Premier League Player of the Month (POTM) card for October and fans are already looking enviously at the card.
POTM cards are rewarded in FIFA 22 for players who perform excellently in their respective domestic leagues over a particular month. These cards have boosted stats and are only obtainable by completing their respective SBCs only.
Mohamed Salah had an outstanding October, where he had a phenomenal nine-goal involvement in four games. He became the first opposition footballer in the Premier League era to score a hat-trick at Old Trafford.
Complete list of tasks and rewards for Mohamed Salah’s POTM SBC in FIFA 22
POTM SBC tasks
Salah‘s POTM SBC is a set of seven tasks. FIFA 22 players will have less than four weeks to complete all tasks to earn the valuable player item.
Premier League
Number of players from the Premier League: Min 1
Squad Rating: Min 85
Team Chemistry: Min 70
Number of players in the Squad: 11
Top Form
IF Players: Min 1
Squad Rating: Min 85
Team Chemistry: Min 65
Number of players in the Squad: 11
86-Rated Squad
IF Players: Min 1
Squad Rating: Min 86
Team Chemistry: Min 60
Number of players in the Squad: 11
87-Rated Squad
Squad Rating: Min 87
Team Chemistry: Min 50
Number of players in the Squad: 11
87-Rated Squad
IF Players: Min 1
Squad Rating: Min 87
Team Chemistry: Min 45
Number of players in the Squad: 11
88-Rated Squad
Squad Rating: Min 88
Team Chemistry: Min 40
Number of players in the Squad: 11
Liverpool
# of players from Liverpool: Min 1
Squad Rating: Min 83
Team Chemistry: Min 75
Number of players in the Squad: 11
If completed from scratch, Salah’s POTM SBC will cost FIFA 22 players about 950,000 coins. Of course, the final amount of the actual cost will depend on using the existing fodder.
Mohamed Salah POTM card review
Salah’s POTM card in FIFA 22 is a 92 rated RW card. Like his TOTW variants, the card has phenomenal stats. With 93 Pace, 91 Shooting, and 93 Dribbling, he is a dream card for any FIFA 22 Ultimate Team player.
Mohamed Salah already has two excellent TOTW cards in FIFA 22, but not everyone had the great opportunity to obtain them. A million coins are not cheap, but for those who didn’t get either of the two TOTW variants, Salah’s POTM SBC is an excellent opportunity.
Like Cristiano Ronaldo’s POTM card, the critical question is not about the value or usefulness of the card. Salah’s POTM card is the equivalent of a Lamborghini in FIFA 22 Ultimate Team.
ALSO READArticle Continues below
This article reflects the opinions of the writer.Sustainable Energy Skills in the Construction Sector 2.0 on Sustainable Places 2021
On the 29th of October 10, EU Horizon 2020 sister projects took the chance to meet and talk about potential synergies to stimulate future public and private investments in energy-based habitat renovation.
The European Construction sector faces unprecedented challenges to achieve ambitious energy efficiency objectives, that can be met only if successful training initiatives and supporting policy instruments are put in place, acting as a springboard to stimulate the demand for energy efficiency homeowners alike.
These challenges gathered INSTRUCT, BUSLeague, TRAIN4SUSTAIN, HP4All, The nZEB Roadshow, PRO-Heritage, CraftEdu, BIMzeED, ARISE and SEEtheSkills projects on Sustainable Places 2021 conference during 90-minutes workshop: Sustainable Energy Skills in the Construction Sector 2.0, which is the second joint meeting of this group established in May 2021.
Just after the overview of the workshop presented by Mohaddeseh Maktabifard from R2M Solution, we had welcomed Amandine DE COSTER from EU Climate, Infrastructure and Environment Executive Agency (CINEA). Our special guest had a speech about the BUILD UP Skills initiative, its history since 2011, main focus areas and targets. All projects presented introduction of the learning units and/or training modules developed, target groups, progress, number of trained professional and lessons learned, and future plans as follows:
-
In the end the discussion was wrapped up with a Q&A session. This event will be followed by the publication on MDPI portal and the next meeting with some of the projects is planned on 14th October 2021 at The Joint Conference CIB W78 – LDAC 2021. Join us there!Beginning to Use the JDK. Uninstalling the JDK on Windows. System Error During Decompression. For any text in this document that contains the following notation, you must substitute the appropriate update version number:. For example, if you are downloading the JDK installer for bit systems for update 16 Interim 0, Update 0, and Patch 0, then the file name jdk- Downloading the JDK Installer. Running the JDK Installer.
Please review the terms carefully before downloading and using this product.
Java 0 29 - CNET Download
An FAQ is available here. Commercial license and support is available with a low cost Java SE Subscription. Windows Online filesize: 2 MB. After installing Java, you may need to restart dlwnload browser in order to enable Java in your browser.
Windows Offline filesize: Home Updates Recent Searches java 1. Java allows you to play online games, chat with people around the world, calculate your mortgage interest, and view images in 3D.
Java Downloads for All Operating Systems
More COO 1. A cool java News Ticker software - Shareware .When you install JDK 16 and then install JRE 8, and then run the java -version command, is displayed in the output instead of This is because the javapath is placed before JDK 16 location in the user environment path. This is a bug with the JRE 8 installer. If you are a beginner I recommend you clone the repository, open a specific step as a package e.g. code - step 1, and read the readme at the same time with a description of the step. If you are more advanced or you are only interested in the end result then everything is in step 7. Oct 18, · Oct 18, · >> New releases _29 and _01 of Java JDK/JRE >> >> for links to download various bits. >> Links will be updated within an hour. > > You might want to hang back. Chrome, IE, Avant can't run Applets > under _ Firefox, Safari, Sea Monkey, Opera all work ok.
Java Platform, Standard Edition Java SE lets you develop downkoad deploy Java applications on desktops and servers, as well as in today's demanding embedded environments. More Runtime Java 1. The JDK includes tools useful for developing and testing programs written in the Java programming language and running on the Java platform.
More Java Update 8. The Java SE Runtime Environment contains the Java virtual machine,runtime class libraries, and Java application launcher that arenecessary to run programs written in the Java programming language.
Download Java for Windows
It is not a development environment and … more info More VLC media player 3. More Java bit The Java SE Runtime Environment contains the Java virtual machine, runtime class libraries, and Java application launcher that are necessary to run programs written in the Java programming language. More Microsoft. NET Framework 5.
The Microsoft. NET Framework runtime and associated files that are required to run most client applications. NET Framework is Microsoft's comprehensive and consistent … more info More CCleaner 5.Java 0 29 - CNET Download
2 thoughts on “Jdk 1.6 0_29 download”.
Home Updates Recent Searches java 1. Java allows you to play online games, chat with people around the world, calculate your mortgage interest, and view images in 3D. More COO 1.Mighty tasty, mighty nutritious mini meals packed with protein just for your Small Dog. Served in a convenient, single-serve pouch.
Chicken, Chicken Broth, Water Sufficient for Processing, Potato Starch, Turkey,.
Nutrition Statement
Wellness® CORE® Small Breed Mini Meals Shredded Chicken & Turkey Dinner in Gravy is formulated to meet the nutritional levels established by the AAFCO Dog Food Nutrient Profiles for maintenance..The Electrical Safety Authority (ESA) would like to advise that the Government has approved the regulatory amendment to adopt the 2021 Ontario Electrical Safety Code (OESC), which comes into effect on May 5, 2022.
The new Code will be available for order in December 2021. The hardcopy of the Code book will be available for $223, as well as a PDF-version available for $199. These prices will include free access to the bulletins on CSA Community of Interest website over the whole period of the Code cycle. Once purchased, the PDF-version can be accessed immediately, while the hardcopy versions will be available for delivery in late January 2022.
ESA is partnering with the CSA Group to offer the Code book and all ESA bulletins, which provide important updates and interpretations, together for one price in a searchable, digital format for $199 — accessible on smart phones, tablets and desktops and compatible with Windows and iOS. This version will be available in Summer 2022.
For more information on the new OESC, please visit esasafe.com/oesc.Turn all the heads at your next special event in this chic dress with an eye-catching satin finish and figure-accentuating wrap shape.
Highlights
• Viscose satin
• Online exclusive
• V-neck
• Self-tie belt at waist
• Tommy Hilfiger branding
• Tommy Hilfiger flag embroidery at hem
Shape & fit
• Long sleeves
• Knee length
Composition & care
• 100% viscoseStyle #: WW0WW35247
Keep up with our latest news and get 10% off one purchase.RegardingLocationDate of Issue and Document Type Ledingham, Robert Earl(File No. 202151) Welland, ONNov. 23/21News Release (MFDA announces settlement hearing to take place in the matter of Robert Ledingham)Oct. 27/21News Release (MFDA schedules date for Hearing on the Merits in the matter of Robert Ledingham)Sep. 28/21News Release (MFDA announces disciplinary proceeding in respect of Robert Ledingham)Sep. 7/21Notice of HearingAs of May 2017 we have been offering acupuncture to all of our patients for a wide variety of symptoms. We received our training from the International Academy of Medical Acupuncture taught by Dr John Amaro who received training in China and Japan. Dr Amaro was a pioneer in bringing acupuncture to the USA in the 1970’s. All of our doctors are also Nationally Certified. The World Health Organization has approved acupuncture to be effective in treating
A larger list and the full report can be found here : ()
Don’t Like Needles? No Problem
We offer 5 different ways to stimulate the acupuncture points without needles… that’s right! We adopted these methods to treat kids, because what kid likes needles? Also those taking blood thinning medications, those who bruise easily, and for all of the needle-phobics. We’ve found these to be just as effective when compared to the needle.
- Stimplus Pro: The tool using small microcurrents to test each point and treat. This is mostly used on the points of the ear
- Tei-Shin: This is a spring loaded tool that is applied in bursts of 5 to the desired point
- Available for purchase for home acupuncture stimulation.
- Acu-buzzer: Apply vibration to each point for about 15 seconds each.
- Class 3b Laser: Laser stimulation allows us to treat each point for only 5 seconds each point. We can also customize the light frequency to stimulate each point to maximize healing time.
- We also offer acu-lasers that you can purchase and take home with you and treat your points from home. This light pen is set to a specific frequency for optimal stimulation for each point. We’ll send you the points you need with pictures that help you find the points easily, and you can continue your treatment at home each and everyday. We’re noticing the best response when patients do their points each day.
- Ear Seeds: These small clear band-aid like beads stimulate points for weeks at a time. This allows you to leave the office and continue your day to day activities with constant stimulation of the point. These were great for a number of issues, especially allergies.
Acugraph
Our Acugraph Software allows us to take a snapshot of how each meridian or pathway in the body is functioning. The theory of meridian acupuncture is that each pathway affects the organ its associated with and any joint or tissue it passes through. For example the Lung meridian starts at the upper chest and runs down the arm to the thumb. An imbalance in the lung meridian can cause pain along the outer arm, elbow, wrist and thumb. The software also provides a list of chinese herbs and acupuncture points that will best fit your needs at the moment. This software allows us to customize your treatments every visit.There’s so much to do at Aerosports!
Every park feature and all the fun is included in your Aerosports hourly or multi-visit pass! Prepare yourself to fly over our huge trampoline areas, duck and dive through extreme dodgeball, and dunk your heart out in the slam zone. Most recently we’ve added two new incredibly fun features in the Ninja Warrior Course and Climb & Slide Kid Zone. Check them all out below!
Largest Warrior course in Canada!
Are you Ninja enough? Come challenge our huge, two-level Ninja Warrior Course! Test your balance, strength and agility on our demanding obstacles suited to Ninja’s young and old!
CLIMB + SLIDE KID ZONE
Get set for terminal velocity! Our monster slides put a smile on every dial. Drop in and ride out to the foam blocks before racing to the top again! Little ones and Toddlers can hang out in the foam pit and enjoy the climb tunnels. Climb + Slide is an adrenaline rush for kids big and small!
More Information
Flex those fingers!
It’s time to climb and our dual zone climb wall will be the perfect challenge. Little ones have lot’s of room and just the right steps to build confidence and work their way up to our large wall.
And what’s better than just a climbing wall?
Foam pits and climbing walls! That’s right, dismount the wall or flip to the sky from our trampolines into the super soft foam pit landing area. It’s literally hours of fun for every visit!
Full Arcade
More Information
Gaming is good for you!
When it’s time to take a break, load up an Arcade card and go nuts on the incredibly fun games in our new full arcade. Each game awards tokens with every play and everyone leaves with an awesome prize from our quality redemption centre.
Slam Basketball
Slam Basketball
More Information
Do the dunk of your dreams!
It’s easy to load up from the free throw line when you’ve got the spring of a trampoline to help! Catch some incredible air and try some completely new moves on our invite you to enjoy a snack at the Snack Shack and relax in one of the many sofas that are spread out through the facility! Note that there is a spectator charge of $1 per hour for spectators.Blue Bamboo Strap Dog Harness
Product Information
Brand:
Pet Collection
Colour:
Blue
Dimensions:
Chest size: Small: 28-38cm, Medium: 37-52cm, Large: 51-72cm (approx.)
Material:
Recycled bamboo
Product Type:
Dog Coats & Clothing
When on the go you want to ensure you dog is comfortable and fully supported, with this Blue Bamboo Strap Dog Harness they will be. This eco friendly harness is designed with bamboo and features adjustable straps for comfort to suit their size needs. It also includes a D ring so that you can connect your lead to it with ease.
- Adjustable straps
- Fantastic strappy harness made with recycled bamboo webbing
- D ring to connect to leadAccounting
We are ready to offer our clients the full range of accounting services 100 % online
Our service is based on an individual approach for our customer needs.
The entire service is done as e-accounting. Our client can at any time see their company’s accounting status, balance sheet etc.
You can start to issue invoices to your clients immediately and the accounting system keeps everything in order.
Our service is meant for general financial accounting, inventory, payroll processing, and personnel administration. The service is suitable for micro, small and midsize companies that need constant and direct access to their accounting data.
It is available in English and Estonian languages.
We are also ready to provide beneficial services for our accounting clients, as:
- If you have an Estonian ID-card or you are an e-resident, we will help you to register a company on an Estonian Commercial Registry.
- It’s mandatory to have an address in Estonia for registration of an Estonian company. If you don’t have it, we can provide you with a business address starting from a 60 EUR per year.
- We will help you to get a VAT number, if necessary we are ready to represent your company in the tax and customs department as well as in other financial departments.
What are the benefits of e-accounting?
- Flexible – quickly customizable, according to the needs of companies operating in different sectors and with different requirements
- Functional – software modules for general financial accounting, inventory, payroll or personnel administration can be used together or independently
- User friendly – simple and efficient to use
- Current – provides direct access to accounting data 24 hours a day
- Automatic – repetitive processes have been streamlined and automated
- Trustworthy – simple to avoid and find any faults caused by human errors
- Secure – the database is located in a reliable and secure server
- Convenient – clear and easy to divide various tasks among several people, both within the company and between the customer company and the accounting office
Monthly accounting
Starting from 59 EUR/month
The service includes:
- Access to the online accounting software
- Tax declaration submission
- Payroll (1-2 employees)
- 20 transactions and entries in a month
- The annual report is not included
The first payment of 59 EUR includes 1 h training on how to use our accounting software, how to maximize the benefit from different features and how to make it all fit with your nature of the business.
We reserve the right to change our service prices if your monthly volume of transactions changes more than 25%. We accept the source documents in Estonian and English.
Ask for estimate offer
Extra service
Annual report
If you are not VAT obligator (annual turnover less than 40K).The my feet was getting embarrassing. I just hoped no one was watching. Before I could get more than two puffs and a quarter rotation I was forced to put out that match, too. How hard is it to light up a stogie, honestly?
Some weeks back, a dear relation of mine sent me a package for my birthday: assorted candies, teas, sweeteners, etc., that I took to be the end result of her latest kitchen cabinet cleaning. Why she put it into a box to send to me instead of into the “circular file”, I could never quite figure out. I was more than a little concerned that apparently this dear relation of mine looks at a pile of refuse and immediately thinks of me. I would hope that it would be stunning works of art or paragons of physical perfection that would remind her of me. But I digress. I should have been grateful really: usually it’s the contents of her desk that end up in the postmarked box. Honestly, how many Post-Its, paper clips and ball point pens does one man need?
Included in the package amongst the assorted odds and ends this time was one of her husband’s highly prized cigars. It was a fine cigar, plump and lengthy, with just the right amount of crackle: not too wet, not too dry. The man obviously has a fine person managing his humidor. I suspect it to be my own dear relation.
I called my dear relation to thank her immediately upon opening the package and she recommended I smoke the cigar at a Super Bowl party. I thought this to be an inspired idea and I decided then and there to do just that. More precisely on the way home from the party. You know how these non-smokers are about smoking indoors, especially a cigar.
I stepped outside to the curb and lit my cigar with a wooden matchstick, as I understand that is one of the cleanest ways to light up. A lighter would pollute the flavor of the tobacco with the tang of lighter fluid, and wood smoke would serve only to enhance it. Or so I’m told. So this is what I did. And in my unpracticed hands, it took at least five minutes and a cascade of matches that, before I gave up, yielded only a lopsided result. So with a glowing orange semi-circle leading the way, I blinked my way through the smoke-induced tears and headed west for the subway.
So there I was at 11:30pm casually strolling through Harlem, NYC smoking a quality cigar and thinking I look like a real bad ass. Except when the smoke goes a little too far down my throat. At which point I double over, grab my knees and attempt to keep my lungs from making a break for the outside world. And, curiously, it’s at that very same moment that the world decides to tilt violently on its axis while the stars do their best imitation of the Northern Lights. And all the while trying to remain cool. Man, those cigars are good.
The occasional bronchial spasm aside, I thought my “puff pacing” wasn’t bad, though I was concerned I might be hitting it a little hard. Being the natural-born miser that I am, I had to try to smoke as much of the cigar as possible by the time I reached the subway entrance where I’d have to discard it before heading underground. I was concerned that a draw every three steps or so might be a little much, especially for one unused to tobacco as I was, but I had limited geography to accomplish my goal and it was getting smaller with every step. I got about half of it smoked before the green, half-domed lights loomed in the distance telling me I was close to my destination. That was when I started to feel it.
I usually have a pretty decent sense of equilibrium. I wouldn’t want to walk the high steel or start a tight rope act but there’s been no vertigo or bouts of dizziness that I can remember that weren’t induced by playground shenanigans or raging influenza. Even on the rare occasions when I’ve managed to over-indulge on fermented spirits, I’ve never felt dizzy. Tunnel vision, yes. Nauseous, yes. Vertigo, no. This time, I was dizzy.
I stood on the corner of the cobblestone island by the subway stairs taking a last couple of puffs and having them go straight to my head. It seemed a shame to discard so much of a good cigar still unsmoked. I tried to tamp out the glowing cherry on the metal rail of the stairway. No dice. It was a hard, orange, glowing ember. It wasn’t going anywhere. So I took out my pocket knife and started to cut off the glowing end.
I gave a generous length of about an inch from the lit end of the cigar and cut it against the railing. Between my swimming head and a knife not designed for such a purpose, I made a ragged job of it. I crushed out the lit end on the cobblestones under foot then examined what remained of the stogie. It looked okay, not really singed on the cut end. But what concerned me is that it was still warm. I wrapped it back in the plastic wrap I had taken it out of and twisted both ends. Then I stood there with my head swimming, staring at the wrapped remains and pondering the possibilities. In the end, the image of me tucking away a quietly smoldering half cigar wrapped in slowly melting cling wrap only to have it burst into flames at a most inopportune moment, like while slowly nodding off to sleep in the seat of a swaying subway car, won out. I regretfully tossed it into the trash and held tight to the handrail as I wobbled down the stairs to catch my train.
I made sure to stand well back from the platform edge as I texted my dear relation the results of her suggestion and offered one of my own: that maybe her dear husband could give me a lesson or two in cigar smoking upon the occasion of my next visit. I had a feeling I might need one. After all, real men smoke cigars. Don’t they?
4 Responses to Real Men Smoke CigarsCurriculum-at-a-Glance
What are Fountas & Pinnell Reading Levels?.
What Should My Child Know When Entering First Grade?
Entering first graders should be able to:
What Will My Child Be Able to Do by the End of First Grade?
Reading
First graders will be able to do the following by the end of the school year…
Writing/Language Arts
Mathematics
Science
Social Studies
How Can I Help my Child at Home with Reading?Oracle Corp.
18 Dec 2018
Oracle Corp. reported sales that were in line with analysts’ estimates, reflecting a struggle to boost customer demand amid the company’s transition to cloud-based computing.
15 Dec 2017
Oracle Corp. reported sales that were better than analysts expected in the fiscal second quarter amid strong demand for its cloud computing software products.- 
The company was founded in March 2010, Mainly photovoltaic solar frame production and processing equipment, Set up automatic production line, mold, fixture, design and development in one of the modern high-tech enterprises,There are more than 10 independent technology patents. the company existing staff 120 people, including senior management staff more than 20 people.The main clients include KYOCERA ﹑JA ﹑LISHEN﹑HT﹑WAAREE Etc..9c255aa6a7923988459b2af962263550.ppt
- Количество слайдов: 51
Philosophy of Religion Foundation
Plato and Aristotle • Analogy of the Cave • Concept of the Forms, especially the Form of the Good • Concept of Body/Soul distinction Ø Ideas about Cause and Purpose in relation to God Ø Concept of Body/Soul distinction Ø Aristotle on the Forms
The Nature of God • i. e. what is God like? • Examining the attributes of the JC concept of God • Need to define the kind of being we’re talking about in order to go on to enquire whether any such being exists
We have established so far: • • Creator Sustainer Personal Transcendent Self-existent Eternal Incorporeal • • • Omnipotent Omniscient Omnipresent All loving Perfectly good
For the exam you need to know: 1. The attributes 2. In more detail: a) The concept of God as Creator. Genesis 1 -3. b) The goodness of God. Exodus 20 c) God’s activity in the world and the concept of miracle. Joshua 10: 1 -15
Assessment K and U = • Define • Describe • Examine • Explain • Identify • Outline • Select E= • Detailed critical assessment
The Existence of God • Theism = the belief in a personal diety, creator of everything that exists and who is distinct from that creation • A priori = prior to experience, an argument starting from a definition of God, not experience. The argument is that by understanding the definition, God is proved to exist. • A posteriori = from experience, an argument based on sensory experience and experiential evidence
• There are five classical theistic proofs for the existence of God • Four of theistic proofs attempt to demonstrate the existence of God from some observation or experience of the universe- a posterior argument • These are as follows:
The Cosmological Argument • An argument which attempts to infer the existence of God from the existence of the cosmos or the phenomenon within it. • It is an argument based on cause and effect. • Thomas Aquinas 1273 • Frederick Copleston 1907 -94 • Objections. David Hume 1711 -76 Bertrand Russell 1872 -1970
The Teleological Argument • An argument which infers a designer from the occurrence of order and regularity in the world. This evidence points to a designer • Aquinas’ Five Ways 1273 • William Paley 1743 -1805 • The Anthropic Principle- F. R. Tennant 1930 • Challenges. Hume 1779 John Stuart Mill 1806 -73 Darwin 1809 -82
The Moral Argument • An argument infers God as the explanation for moral consciousness, or the guarantor for the highest good • God must exist to ensure that all can achieve that which they are morally required to pursue. It is illogical to be required to seek an impossible end. God’s existence is morally necessary.
• Aquinas’ Fourth Way • Kant’s Moral Argument 1785, 1788, 1797 • Other versions. Cardinal Newman 1870 Robert Adams 1987 • Challenges. Sigmund Freud 1856 -1939 Richard Swinburne 1979 Ayer and Nietzsche
The Religious Experience Argument • An argument which sees God as the best explanation for experiences that people claim are beyond the normal • Rudolph Otto 1936 • William James 1902 • Swinburne 1979 • Challenges. Freud 1927 Karl Marx 1844
The Ontological Argument • This fifth argument is in contrast to the others. It is a priori. This argument is not verified by experience. It concludes that God’s definition entails his existence, i. e. for God to be God, he must exist. • Ontological literally means ‘concerned with being’
St. Anselm 1033 -1109 • Proslogion chapters 2 -3 • Anselm’s argument is a reductio ad absurdum argument, an argument that makes a proof by showing that the opposite cannot possibly be true. • A priori argument starting from a definition of God, not experience • The argument is that by understanding the definition God is proved to exist
First Form • Anselm says: “God is that than which nothing greater can be conceived. ” • Something that exists in reality is greater than something that exists only in the mind • In other words, if it is the greatest, then it must be something more than merely existing in people’s thoughts. We can think of something greater than a mere idea.
• If God is the greatest, he must really exist separately from people’s thoughts. He must exist actually, in reality.
As a formal deductive argument, it goes like this: Ø God is the greatest possible being (nothing greater can be conceived) Ø If God exists in the mind alone (only as an idea) then a greater being could be imagined to exist both in the mind and in reality Ø This being would then be greater than God Ø Thus, God cannot exist only as an idea in the mind. Therefore God exists both in the mind (as an idea) and in reality.
In summary • It is self-contradictory to be able to conceive of something that which nothing greater can be thought and yet to deny that something exists.
Second Form • So far Anselm has suggested a proof for God’s existence. However, for God to be God there must be more to him than that he simply ‘exists’ (after all, that would make God fundamentally similar to ourselves). • In the next stage of Anselm’s argument therefore, he attempts to demonstrate that God’s existence is necessary
What does he mean by ‘necessary’? • It is impossible to conceive of God as not existing. • He has necessary existence. • He could not be. • This state is greater than a being who comes and goes out of existence.
As a deductive argument it is: • God is the greatest possible being (nothing greater can be conceived) • It is greater to be a necessary being (cannot be) than a contingent being (can cease to exist) • If God exists only as a contingent being he can therefore be imagined not to exist. Then a greater being could be imagined that cannot be conceived not to exist
• • This being would then be greater than God is therefore a necessary being Therefore God must exist in reality In summary: God must be a necessary being, i. e. he cannot exist Necessary here means logical necessity It would be a logical contradiction to claim that God does not exist since any being who has the property of necessary existence could not fail to exist
• The OA claims to reveal that inherent in the concept of God is necessary existence • When you come to analyse and examine the ‘concept’ it becomes clear that existence is part of the concept • Such propositions are called ‘analytic’ • This is a statement where the predicate is contained in the subject • The predicate is that which is said about the subject
• E. g. of an analytic sentence is ‘all bachelors are single’ • All bachelors = subject • Being single = predicate • An analytic statement does not contain any new information but clarifies the term • Analytic statements can be true or false • The proposition ‘all bachelors are married’ is analytic but false • It is analytic because the married state is part of the concept of bachelor
• The way to decide if it is true or false is by considering the meaning of the words • ‘The cat sat on the mat’ is not an analytic statement since there is nothing in the analysis of the concept of ‘cat’ that contains the idea of ‘sitting on the mat’ • This is synthetic, i. e. the truth value of the statement, whether it is true or false, is determined by empirical evidence.
Descartes 1596 -1650 • Regarded as the founder of modern philosophy • In Meditations he put forward his arguments for a unified and certain body of human knowledge • He broke free from the dogma of Aristotle and supported instead the new age of science
• He favoured independent enquiry from first principles and asserted only that which could be known to be certain • A crucial part of his argument involved the existence of God as a guarantor for the certainty that the external world exists • The argument he uses is a form of the ontological argument:
Ø God, a supremely perfect being, has all perfections Ø Existence is a perfection Ø Therefore God, a supreme perfect being, exists • In Meditation 5 Descartes argued: v. There are some qualities that an object necessarily has or it can’t be that object
v. E. g. a triangle must have three angles adding up to 180° v. The notion of a hill demands the idea of a valley v. Existence cannot be separated from the concept of God v. Existence, singularity and perfection, are God’s characteristics. In fact, God’s essence is existence. If something is supremely perfect and if existence is a perfection, God by definition exists.
Modern Versions • Norman Malcolm 1960 and Charles Hartshorne 1962 centre their arguments on the idea of necessary existence • If God does not exist then God cannot come into existence as that would require another force which would mean that God was limited and could not be God at all • If God does exist God cannot have come into existence nor cease
• God’s existence is either impossible or necessary • It can only be impossible if the idea of God is logically absurd • Assuming that it is not, then God necessarily exists
Alvin Plantinga 1974 • Develops the idea of infinite possible worlds • In a possible world a maximally great being could exist (omnipotent, omniscient, morally perfect) • For there to be a maximally great being he would have to exist in all possible worlds so a maximally great being exists (this argument only proves possibility, not actuality)
Criticisms of the OA • Gaunilo’s challenge on behalf of the fool 11 th century (and Anselm’s reply) • Gaunilo, a monk, argued if someone were to describe to you a ‘most perfect island’, lost somewhere and untouched by man, and then state that it must exist because of it’s perfection, you would be a fool to believe him.
• He is trying to criticise the process by which Anselm moves from his definition of God to his suggestion of God’s existence • Gaunilo’s criticism is not valid in this context. Anselm never compares things of a like kind above. • He speaks of God ‘that than which nothing greater can be conceived’ • Gaunilo, on the other hand, occupies himself with a comparison between islands
• Anselm replied that God is a special case • There may be a thing greater than a perfect island, but not God • Only God has all the perfections and so the argument can only apply to God
Immanuel Kant 1724 -1804 • Kant opposed Descartes’ version of the argument • He objects to Descartes’ claim that denying God’s existence is the same as denying a triangle has three sides, which is contradictory
• He states that if one dismisses the idea of the three sides (predicate) and that of the triangle itself (subject), one is left with no contradiction • He is saying you can define a thing in any way that you want but whether or not anything matches that definition in reality is another question all together • Kant feels he has dealt with Descartes’ notion of existence as a predicate
• Kant argues that we can only know the world through our experience of it • We cannot know any aspects of existence beyond our experience • Experience is not a predicate (an attribute or quality) of perfection that a thing can lack • Existence is the thing and all its attributes • Therefore Kant raises this second objection to deal with Anselm
• Kant states that existence is not predicate, e. g. x exists says nothing about x (e. g. is x female, is x tall, etc. ) • Kant says a predicate must give us information about x • The statement ‘x is’ does not
Bertrand Russell • 20 th century philosopher • Claims that Anselm uses the word exist incorrectly • Existence cannot be a predicate, if it were we could construct this argument: Men exist. Santa Claus is a man. Therefore Santa Claus exists.
Summary • Theistic a priori argument • Two principle contributors to the classical argument: q. St Anselm of Canterbury (1 st and 2 nd Form) q. Rene Descartes
Modern Versions • Norman Malcolm (1911 -1990) • Alvin Plantinga (1932 - )
Objectors • Gaunilo (11 th century) and Anselm’s reply • Immanuel Kant (1724 -1804) • Gottlob Frege • Bertrand Russell • Brian Davis
Criticisms of the OA • • Definition of God Logical tricks Existence is not a great-making quality You cannot have an analytic existential proposition • You cannot define things into existence • It is criticised as not an argument at all, but a statement of belief for those who believe in the first place.
What you need to do now Read Read
What ? • Philosophy of Religion for A Level. Jordan, Lockyer, Tate • Philosophy of Religion. Peter Cole • Philosophy of Religion. John Hick
• Philosophy of Religion. C. Stephen Evans • The Puzzle of God. Peter Vardy • Questions About God. Patrick J. Clarke • Handouts from Mrs. O-M
To Buy 1. Philosophy of Religion for A Level OCR edition Jordan, Lockyer, Tate Nelson Thornes ISBN 0 -7487 -8078 -5 www. nelsonthornes. com 2. Study Guide- Robert A. Bowie ISBN 0 -7487 -8081 -5
Essay • Due in Wednesday 13 Feb. a) Explain the traditional forms of the ontological argument put forward by Anselm and Descartes (33). b) ‘The criticisms presented by Gaunilo and Kant successfully reject these arguments. ’ Discuss (17).OPINION
{1} Defendant appeals the district court’s refusal to grant her presentence confinement credit for the full period of time that she spent under house arrest pursuant to an electronic monitoring program. We reverse Defendant’s sentence and remand with instructions to grant her presentence credit for the full period of time that she spent under house arrest.
BACKGROUND
{2} Defendant was charged with committing forgery on February 28, 2001. On May 9, 2001, she was charged in a homieide/burglary ease with being an accessory to second degree murder, burglary, tampering with evidence, and harboring a felon. The cases were subsequently consolidated.
{3} On July 11, 2001, Defendant and the State agreed to a “Stipulated Order on Appearance Bond and Conditions of Release” (Stipulated Order) which was approved and adopted as an order of the district court. It directed that Defendant be released on a $20,000 appearance bond with the following conditions: (1) that she be placed on “strict house arrest”; (2) that she “wear an ankle bracelet provided and monitored twenty-four (24) hours a day”; (3) that she submit to random urinalysis by the adult probation office; (4) that she check in daily with the adult probation office; and (5) that she be allowed to travel while accompanied by her parents only to meet with her attorney, for medical emergencies, to church, and to mental health counseling. [Id.]
{4} Defendant and the State also negotiated a guilty plea agreement which they filed on July 11, 2001. The plea agreement required Defendant to cooperate fully with law enforcement in the investigation and subsequent prosecution of all individuals involved in the homicide/burglary. The guilty plea agreement was subsequently approved by the district court on September 13, 2001. Disposition of Defendant’s case was then deferred pending disposition of the homicide/burglary case, and Defendant’s house arrest continued under the conditions of release set forth in the Stipulated Order.
{5} Defendant remained under house arrest pursuant to. the electronic monitoring program as specified in the Stipulated Order from July 12, 2001, until she appeared for final sentencing on May 23, 2003, after the homicide/burglary case was concluded. Defendant complied with all the conditions of the Stipulated Order and requested presentence confinement credit for the entire time she was under house arrest. The State objected and a subsequent hearing was held, in which the parties addressed the credit issue. The district court ultimately granted Defendant credit for 340 days, which was only one-*468half of the time that she spent under house arrest. Defendant appeals.
DISCUSSION
A. Entitlement to Presentence Confinement Credit
{6} Defendant is entitled to presentence confinement credit if her house arrest pursuant to the electronic monitoring program constituted “official confinement.” NMSA 1978, § 31-20-12 (1977) (“A person held in official confinement on suspicion or charges of the commission of a felony shall, upon conviction of that or a lesser included offense, be given credit for the period spent in presentence of confinement against any sentence finally imposed for that offense.”). A two-part test applies, requiring that:
(1) a court has entered an order releasing the defendant from a facility but has imposed limitations on the defendant’s freedom of movement, OR the defendant is in the actual or constructive custody or state or local law enforcement or correctional officers; and (2) the defendant is punishable for a crime of escape if there is an unauthorized departure from the place of confinement or other non-compliance with the court’s order.
State v. Fellhauer, 1997-NMCA-064, ¶ 17, 123 N.M. 476, 943 P.2d 123.
{7} The State concedes that the Stipulated Order setting the conditions of Defendant’s release meets the first part of the Fellhauer test. We agree. The conditions that she be on “strict house arrest,” that she check in daily with the adult probation office, and that she be allowed to travel only to meet with her attorney, for medical emergencies, to church, and to mental health counseling, and then only while accompanied by her parents clearly constitute limitations on her freedom of movement to satisfy the first part of Fellhauer. State v. Guillen, 2001-NMCA-079, ¶ 11, 130 N.M. 803, 32 P.3d 812 (holding that any defendant charged with a felony who is released “under conditions of house arrest that require the defendant to remain at home except to attend specified events such as treatment, work, or school” places sufficient limitations on that defendant’s freedom of movement to satisfy first part of Fellhauer test).
{8} The issue presented here is whether Defendant was subject to punishment for a crime of escape under the second part of the Fellhauer test. Guillen holds that release of a defendant under conditions of house arrest pursuant to a community custody release program that holds the defendant liable to a charge of escape under NMSA 1978, § 30-22-8.1 (1999) satisfies the second prong of Fellhauer. Guillen, 2001-NMCA-079, ¶¶ 7, 11, 130 N.M. 803, 32 P.3d 812. The dispute in the district court centered on whether Defendant was subject to liability for escape under Section 30-22-8.1. The offense is statutorily defined in Subsection (A) as follows: attempting to escape from the community custody release program.
Section 30-22-8.1(A).
{9} The district court focused on whether Defendant’s house arrest was pursuant to a “judicially approved community custody release program.” The district court stated it was unaware of a “judicially approved community custody release program” in the Ninth Judicial District, and in its letter decision to counsel, the district court stated that the county had not authorized the establishment of a community-release program, citing NMSA 1978, § 33-3-24 (1981) (“The sheriff of any county or the jail administrator of any jail with the approval of the board of county commissioners and the governing body of the municipality, as applicable, may establish a prisoner-release program[.]”). The district court apparently concluded that since Defendant’s house arrest was not pursuant to a formally adopted, county-wide, pre-existing uniform system of release, her release was not pursuant to a “judicially approved community custody release program,” and Defendant was therefore not subject to liability *469under Section 30-22-8.1. Accordingly, Defendant’s request for full presentence confinement credit was denied.
{10} We are therefore called upon to interpret Section 30-22-8.1(A) to determine if the district court was correct. Statutory interpretation is an issue of law, which we review de novo. State v. Rowell, 121 N.M. 111, 114, 908 P.2d 1379, 1382 (1995). “Our primary goal in interpreting a statute is to give effect to the Legislature’s intent. We look first to the words chosen by the Legislature and the plain meaning of the Legislature’s language.” State v. Martinez, 1998-NMSC-023, ¶ 8, 126 N.M. 39, 966 P.2d 747. When the language in a statute is clear and unambiguous, we give effect to that language and refrain from further statutory interpretation. State v. Jonathan M., 109 N.M. 789, 790, 791 P.2d 64, 65 (1990).
{11} Section 30-22-8.1(A) addresses the escape from a “judicially approved community custody release program.” Defendant’s release to house arrest was a form of “community custody release” that was “judicially approved.” The issue before us is whether that release was pursuant to a “program.” Webster’s Third New International Dictionary 1812 (unabridged) (2002) defines a “program” in pertinent part as a “plan of procedure,” a “schedule or system under which action may be taken toward a desired goal,” or “a proposed project or scheme.” Concepts considered to be synonymous with a “program” include an “arrangement,” an “outline,” a “plan,” and a “schedule.” Burton’s Legal Thesaurus 430 (3d ed.1998). Applying the plain meaning rule, while the term “program” suggests that any release will be subject to defined procedures and conditions, it does not require a formally adopted, county-wide, pre-existing, and uniform system of release. Defendant’s release here was subject to defined procedures and conditions. To the extent that authorization is at issue, Section 30-22-8.1(A) only requires the release to be “judicially approved,” and as we have already noted, Defendant’s release was “judicially approved.” Nothing about the terminology in the statute suggests that broader approbation of a formalized, universally applicable methodology is contemplated or required. Therefore, as this case illustrates, the release of a criminal defendant may be “judicially approved” subject to defined procedures and conditions on a case-by-case basis. Finally, we note that while Section 30-22-8.1(A) makes no reference to Section 33-3-24, escape from an “electronic monitoring program” is specifically included. Accordingly, we find nothing in the plain language of the statute to support the meaning ascribed by the district court. “[W]e do not read language into a statute, especially where the statute makes sense as written.” State v. Marshall, 2004-NMCA-104, ¶ 8, 136 N.M. 240, 96 P.3d 801.
{12} Finally, we consider policy. It seems reasonably clear that Section 30-22-8.1 was designed to create incentives for complying with the conditions of restrictive house arrest, just as the more general escape statutes were designed to create incentives for inmates to remain in jail or the penitentiary. The societal interest in obtaining criminal defendants’ compliance with custodial restrictions applies to formalized systems and ad hoc procedures equally. Furthermore, the authorization of court-approved, ad hoc procedures would permit a degree of flexibility that would, appear to be desirable in this context. As such, the approach taken by the district court below does not appear to advance the purposes or policies underlying Section 30-22-8.1(A).
{13} In summary, we conclude that Defendant was subject to prosecution for escape under Section 30-22-8.1 throughout the period of time that she remained on house arrest pursuant to the electronic monitoring and reporting program specified in the Stipulated Order. As a consequence, both prongs of the Fellhauer test are satisfied, and Defendant is statutorily entitled to receive full presentence confinement credit.
B. The Mandate on Remand
{14} The parties dispute the scope of the district court’s authority on remand. The State contends that the appropriate procedure is an order of “remand for an entirely new sentencing hearing, at which the length of Defendant’s sentence would be decided de novo, restricted only by the terms of her plea *470agreement.” Defendant contends that the inquiry should be limited to recalculation of her presentence confinement credit and application of that credit to her existing sentence. We agree with Defendant.
{15} The district court sentenced Defendant to a total prison term of twelve years and six months but suspended four years and six months, resulting in an eight-year prison sentence, to be followed by supervised probation, then parole. There is no dispute that Defendant’s underlying eight-year sentence is valid and within statutory limitations. However, the State contends that the miscalculation of Defendant’s presentenee confinement credit rendered her entire sentence illegal, such that the sentence as a whole may be reconsidered on remand. Therefore, the State contends, Defendant’s underlying eight-year sentence is subject to being increased to twelve years. This argument overlooks the nature of presentence confinement credit.
{16} Statutory presentence confinement credit gives a convicted defendant credit for the period spent in presentence confinement against the sentence finally imposed for that offense. Section 31-20-12. Furthermore, the granting of presentence confinement credit is mandatory. Id. (providing that credit shall be given for time spent in presentence confinement); State v. Ramzy, 98 N.M. 436, 437, 649 P.2d 504, 505 (Ct.App.1982) (observing that Section 31-20-12 is mandatory), modified on other grounds as recognized by State v. Romero, 2002-NMCA-106, ¶¶ 7-13, 132 N.M. 745, 55 P.3d 441. The judgment and sentence is therefore subject to correction for inclusion of the mandatory period of presentence confinement credit. See State v. Abril, 2003-NMCA-111, ¶ 20, 134 N.M. 326, 76 P.3d 644 (“Where a sentence lacks a statutorily! ]mandated provision, the trial court retains jurisdiction to correct the sentence by adding the omitted term.” (Emphasis added.)); see, e.g., State v. Aragon, 109 N.M. 632, 638, 788 P.2d 932, 938 (Ct.App.1990) (holding that the judgment and sentence could properly be amended to add a statutorily mandated restitution requirement); State v. Acuna, 103 N.M. 279, 280, 705 P.2d 685, 686 (Ct.App. 1985) (holding that a sentence could properly be amended to include a mandatory parole period). Correcting the judgment and sentence to accurately state the amount of presentence confinement credit Defendant is entitled to receive has no effect on the valid, underlying eight-year sentence. We are aware of no New Mexico case law suggesting that a sentence, which fails to include a mandatory provision, as in this case, is subject to wholesale revision in the manner sought by the State. See Abril, 2003-NMCA-111, ¶ 20, 134 N.M. 326, 76 P.3d 644; cf. State v. Charlton, 115 N.M. 35, 38, 846 P.2d 341, 344 (Ct.App.1992) (“When a trial court imposes one valid and one invalid sentence, this court will sever the sentences if possible in order to give effect to the valid sentence.”). We therefore reject the State’s argument that the sentence, as a whole, is illegal and subject to reconsideration.
{17} Furthermore, the constitutional protection against double jeopardy prohibits increasing Defendant’s sentence. N.M. Const. art. II, § 15. “It is a well-established principle of New Mexico law that a trial court generally cannot increase a valid sentence once a defendant begins serving that sentence.” State v. Porras, 1999-NMCA-016, ¶ 7, 126 N.M. 628, 973 P.2d 880. Since Defendant has started to serve her sentence, it can now be increased only if the underlying eight-year sentence itself is invalid. Id. Again, the underlying sentence itself is not invalid. While the failure to include the total amount of statutory presentence confinement credit that Defendant is entitled to receive requires correction, this does not render the underlying eight-year sentence itself invalid. See State v. McDonald, 113 N.M. 305, 307, 825 P.2d 238, 240 (Ct.App.1991) (stating that a district court’s allegedly improper denial of presentence confinement credit did not present a situation in which the sentence imposed was illegal). Given that the underlying eight-year sentence, which Defendant has begun to serve, is not illegal, it cannot now be increased. See Porras, 1999-NMCA-016, ¶ 7, 126 N.M. 628, 973 P.2d 880.
{18} The State contends that because Defendant has challenged her sentence, she could not have developed a “reasonable ex*471pectation of finality” in her sentence, and resentencing is permissible. See State v. Villalobos, 1998-NMSC-036, ¶ 5, 126 N.M. 255, 968 P.2d 766 (noting the holding of United States v. DiFrancesco, 449 U.S. 117, 101 S.Ct. 426, 66 L.Ed.2d 328 (1980) that “no reasonable expectation of finality exists in a sentence [for double jeopardy purposes] when Congress has enacted a statute allowing for the possibility the prosecutor could still successfully appeal the sentence”). However, Defendant has never sought to overturn her underlying eight-year sentence. Her challenge has always been limited to the presentence confinement credit issue. We have already concluded that this limited challenge does not undermine the validity of the underlying sentence.
{19} Finally, the State argues that resentencing should be permitted so that the original intent of the sentencing court can be effectuated. In this regard, the district court stated that it “never contemplated, nor approved, the notion that the time [Defendant] spent under house arrest would count as time of incarceration.” To the extent that the State relies on the sentencing package doctrine as explained in cases such as United States v. Hicks, 146 F.3d 1198, 1202-03 (10th Cir.1998), we point out that, by its terms, the doctrine applies to multiple count cases in which one or more counts are reversed. Here, no count was reversed, and the possibility of this Court’s requiring full credit was apparent to the district court at the time it made its ruling. Indeed, if the district court truly intended to require Defendant to serve a particular amount of time, it could have granted the requested presentence confinement credit and lessened the number of years that would be suspended.
CONCLUSION
{20} We reverse Defendant’s sentence and remand with instructions to grant Defendant the total presentence confinement credit to which she is entitled.
{21} IT IS SO ORDERED.
BUSTAMANTE, C.J. and PICKARD, J., concur.Because the COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold all through the nation, individuals, communities and industries are being compelled to undertake new habits. Regular routines have been flipped the other way up as we scramble to develop new enterprise strategies, refine greatest practices and adapt to a brand new lifestyle.
But even amid the turmoil, we discover ourselves in a time of nice alternative. New tendencies are rising rapidly, whereas a couple of present ones surged as a direct results of the “new normal.” Some of the important tendencies that continues to achieve momentum is the usage of expertise in banking.
A number of months in the past, the nation shut down. Folks have been confined to their properties. Monetary establishments scrambled to serve prospects with out the usage of a foyer. Though many banks began down the highway of on-line and cellular banking and on-line account opening, nobody might have realized the extremes to which prospects could be pushed to adapt.
Whereas it isn’t clear what the lasting results of the pandemic can be, we do know that use of expertise will proceed to rise. As well as, we acknowledge that the necessity to seamlessly mix expertise with human contact inside brick and mortar is stronger than ever.
Expertise won’t ever substitute individuals and brick and mortar — it can as an alternative remodel and reimagine the way in which that we use each sources. Banking includes the complete general expertise, not simply routine transactions. As bank lobbies proceed to reopen, prospects are going to be in search of recommendation, schooling, and the arrogance and belief that solely human interplay can present. All through these interactions, expertise would be the very important software used to boost the general buyer expertise.
Are your branches prepared? Do they deal with the expectations which are remodeling the way in which individuals are interacting with you? In case your branches are nonetheless designed with a deal with face-to-face teller transactions, now could be the time to judge your department community and make some adjustments. Listed here are a number of applied sciences you possibly can implement at this time to optimize your retail department community and higher align together with your buyer’s expectations.
1. Think about Interactive Kiosks and iPad Integration
In an age the place touchscreens and tablets have change into a staple of on a regular basis life, the chance to combine them into your department is important to serve the wants of the next-gen banker.
Interactive kiosks and iPads not solely cut back prices whereas bettering effectivity, however in addition they improve customer support, increase schooling and enhance gross sales. We’ve seen a confirmed uptake in on-line and cellular banking enrollment when employees personally stroll prospects by individualized demonstrations by way of the kiosk and iPad. Including the potential of printing paper brochures or info from the kiosk multiplies its effectiveness whereas rising academic alternatives.
2. Attempt Messaging By way of Digital Advertising Screens
As we speak’s client is at all times on the go. You want a digital answer that may stand out and seize their consideration rapidly, whereas making a severe impression.
Strategically positioned digital advertising and marketing signage has been confirmed to seize your viewers and go away an enduring impression on each your model and your product choices. Make the most of downtime at teller traces and drive-throughs and drive your messaging rapidly and successfully, whereas making a memorable expertise.
3. Undertake Video Conferencing
COVID-19 has made video conferencing a family title.
The expertise grew to become essential for its means to convey individuals collectively from across the globe who couldn’t be collectively nose to nose. In the course of the pandemic, video conferencing grew to become a method of speaking and interacting with colleagues, employees members and customers. It continues to play a significant position not solely because the pandemic lingers on, however as many corporations work to enhance communications, cut back journey prices, and develop stronger relationships with people they many by no means really meet in particular person.
Don’t be caught previously. That is the right alternative to future-proof your department for the next-gen banking buyer and embrace the brand new regular. Seamlessly mixing the comfort of expertise with the branding energy of brick and mortar – that’s what “clicks and bricks” is all about.
James G. Caliendo is a former bank govt and now President and CEO on the 110-year-old PWCampbell design-build and retail companies agency. Up to now 18 years alone, underneath Jim’s route, the corporate has labored with over 500 monetary establishments, influencing hundreds of thousands of sq. toes of retail and operational area to create partaking, impactful and scalable options for each sized facility venture.
This sponsored put up was delivered to you by PWCampbell. If your organization wish to publish a sponsored put up on The Monetary Model, please electronic mail Tami Brown, VP/ Gross sales & Service.Florida Water Plant Cyberattack is Lesson in Cybersecurity for Critical Infrastructure
Oldsmar, a tranquil city of 15,000 people in the Tampa Bay area in Florida, unexpectedly became the victim of a cyber-attack in early February this year. Hackers gained remote access to the city’s water treatment plant and increased the amount of sodium hydroxide to 100 times its normal level.
This caustic substance is used in extremely low concentrations to control drinking water acidity and remove metals but is also the main ingredient in drain cleaner. “This is dangerous stuff…you’re basically talking about lye” said Oldsmar’s Sheriff, Bob Gualtieri at a news conference shortly after the incident. He added that the sodium hydroxide, had it actually entered the city’s water supply, could have made residents extremely sick indeed.
However, the attack was caught and mitigated long before this could happen, when the modified lye level was quickly noted by a supervisor. Oldsmar city officials underlined that other security measures would have prevented the contaminated water from actually arriving in residents’ homes, while the inexperienced hacker didn’t hide his presence and changed settings so dramatically that the modifications were easy to spot.
Critical Infrastructure Facilities Under Attack
Although this particular incident was resolved harmlessly, this is a scenario that cybersecurity experts have been warning about for some time. Most water and sewage plants, dams and gas and oil pipelines have moved to digital systems that allow employees to remotely track and adjust pressure, temperature and chemical inputs. The problem is that remote access creates a vulnerability that hackers can exploit, gaining control in order to potentially wreak havoc, and not all cyber-attacks are as innocuous as that of Oldsmar.
What was once the subject of science fiction has become a very real and constant threat as we move towards global digitalization, and critical infrastructure is becoming a more frequent target for hackers. Advanced Russian hackers have been regularly investigating American critical infrastructure systems since 2012, managing in 2017 to infiltrate one US power plant deeply enough to manipulate its controls before being caught.
In 2013 Iranian hackers were detected inside the Bowman Avenue Dam, a small structure that holds back a stream 30 miles north of New York. Had they been in control of the locks on the much larger Arthur R. Bowman dam in Oregon, as investigators originally feared, the attack could have resulted in disaster.
Human-Machine Interfaces
Yet we rarely hear about incidents of cyberattacks on infrastructure systems, despite the fact that power grids, water systems, sewage and manufacturing plants are usually monitored and controlled through “human-machine interfaces” or HMI — web pages designed for remote interaction, and notoriously easy to hack. If such incidents don’t make the news, it’s probably not because they don’t happen, but because there is no obligation for the victims to report them.
In the specific case of water treatment facilities, the US Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 does require water systems serving more than 3,300 people to carry out risk assessments and maintain emergency response plans but does not require them to actually report any cybersecurity breaches. Cybersecurity experts consider the smaller municipal systems to be the greatest cause for concern. With few resources they resort to remote access, creating the very point of vulnerability that can be exploited, but their small budgets mean they can’t afford much by way of cybersecurity protection, making them easy targets.
Transportation Systems are Affected
Transportation systems are also easy prey for cybercriminals, whose aim in recent US cybersecurity breaches has usually been financial gain through ransomware attacks — Colorado, San Francisco, Sacramento and Atlanta have all been victims in the last five years. Conversely the 2008 cyber hijack of a tram system in Poland injured dozens of people and clearly demonstrates the potentially serious danger in the future of our transportation systems.
A cyberattack in this sector could affect everything from traffic lights to high speed trains to airport radar systems, not to mention the self-driving cars of the future, with devastating consequences.
Although new cyber threats are being developed as fast as the technologies they intend to attack, and everything that is connected to a network should now be considered at potential risk, the cybersecurity market is also growing rapidly, with many innovative solutions available to help companies and organizations secure their digital infrastructure. With so much at risk as cyberattacks increase in volume and strength, it is essential to implement strong and effective defense strategies.
The Defense against Cyber Attacks
Legacy Technologies is a global leader in this field, continuously developing and supplying cutting-edge technologies for private corporations and public institutions to combat the rise of cyberattacks and cyberterrorism. This Israeli-German joint venture company is run by leading global experts on offensive and defensive cyber strategies, with decades of practical experience in military intelligence and international business.
NEO is Legacy Technologies’ best internationally-known cybersecurity solution, the result of seven years of development and rigorous testing against the large external infrastructures of major companies such as AT&T and PayPal and is routinely used by industry giants such as Mercedes, Tesla, and Starbucks. It is a fully-automated comprehensive service providing non-stop monitoring of cyber defenses, comparable to more than 100 white-hat hackers working together to identify security flaws and flag all breach points and vulnerabilities.
NEO undergoes continuous optimization, uses machine learning to identify otherwise unidentifiable security breaches and hidden assets, and can even spot human error. Comparable to an insurance policy against cybercrime, NEO is a long-term investment in ongoing security that exposes every weakness and develops appropriate and effective protections.
In addition to NEO, Legacy offers a complete suite of services, including cyber consultations, red teaming, penetration tests, asset management, software development and staff cyber training.
As public awareness about cybercrime has increased and cybersecurity solutions have evolved, the threats have as well, becoming ever more advanced. For this reason, it is more important than ever to implement equally advanced cybersecurity technologies and rely on the right partners to provide them. Legacy Technologies has the experience and the know-how to legitimately address the challenges of today’s fast-moving digitalized world, providing innovative and proven solutions for all cybersecurity requirements] [5487] [4465] [4649] [5112] [2905] [4277] [2689] [3686] [4266]
BEST IMARKETSLIVE FOREX TRADING TEAM IML EMAIL: [email protected] or Call me RIGHT NOW: (323) 317-5918 JOIN ME TOD...... If you have any suggestions for future videos such as Day Trading, Investing, Stock Market, Realestate, Car Sales, Robinhood, TD Ameritrade, Fidelity, Entrepreneurship, Forex, Online Marketing ...L-TheanineA double-blind, placebo-controlled research study to examine the effect of the tea components metabolic process in healthy individuals was equivalent to the intake of green tea L-theanine capsules. day-to-day intake is 1,000 mg GTF (glucose tolerance aspect) in chromium type, which is used by the body. Chromium picolinate supplementation decreases weight gain and increases insulin sensitivity in people with Type 2 diabetes. Research studies reveal that chromium preparations can be useful in individuals with type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and prediabetes. Share on Pinterest Chromium increases insulin level of sensitivity, which helps the body process blood sugar level. While some clinical trials have actually revealed no advantage, other scientific trials report that the supplements lower blood sugar levels and insulin levels that individuals with diabetes requirement. Individuals with type 2 diabetes taking chromium picolinate had much better HbA1c levels, utilized to manage long-term period continued to take normal medications and did not alter their consuming habits; the group who received additional chromium reduced insulin and cholesterol levels than the placebo group. Another of these research studies discovered that when individuals with type 2 diabetes for a month got chloride supplements two times a day, their insulin and cholesterol levels dropped. Previous research studies have actually revealed that insulin resistance is the main factor for medical confirm that extra chromium assists individuals with restricted glucose tolerance due to type 2 diabetes, recent studies have revealed that it can assist treat diabetes by lowering blood fat levels, enhancing weight-loss and improving body composition. Chromium supplementation did not increase weight, blood sugar level, body fat percentage or fat levels in a study of 80 obese and obese adults and females with increased waist area. Current research study suggests that studies reporting a small reduction in body weight after supplementation with chromium have substantial limitations. A study discovered results of chromium supplements on blood sugar level for 3 years and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy people or diabetics are not efficient in reducing fasting blood sugar level. The study, entitled "Improving metaanalytic techniques to show the impact of a chromium supplement on fasting glucose - toxicity," was published in the journal Biological Trace Elements Research. The research study was designed to evaluate the impacts of chromium picolinate supplements in combination with a nutritional education intervention for weight reduction in males and females and to evaluate whether the results are because of anthropometry or body fat distribution. Chromium is an essential mineral that plays an advantageous function in managing insulin, the hormonal agent that manages blood sugar and helps to transport glucose to cells where it can be used to produce energy in the body. Chromium contributes in the insulin signaling paths that allow our body to control the amount of sugar we absorb, which helps balance blood sugar level levels and offers us steady energy. Yeast is a high source of chromium and has actually been revealed to support sugar metabolic process plan).21 Another scientist released an action criticising the study for insufficient doses. 24 Gunton applied to the FDA for qualified health care, but the only allowed claim worried lowering insulin resistance based on a research study utilizing 500 mg of elemental chromium and 4,000 mg of hormone per useful in individuals with type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and prediabetes. brand-new study, scientists at the University of Miami analyzed data on the effects of chromium supplementation on blood sugar for three decades and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy individuals or diabetics are not effective in decreasing fasting blood sugar. The FDA provided an unfavorable research study of chromium for diabetes with 800 mg of chromium picolinate and 100 mg of elemental chromium (about 12% diet).21 Another scientist released an action a valuable weapon for weight-loss because it transports fatty acids from the blood to mitochondria where they can be utilized for energy production. Some people with diabetes of all kinds might take advantage of an L-cannitin supplement because it can help to lower blood sugar levels. L-carnitine not only helps the body burn fuel as efficiently as possible to increase energy, but likewise improves athletic performance and endurance by inhibiting the accumulation of lactic acid, which is one of the main reasons for tiredness throughout physical activity. Studies have shown that clients who use L-carcitine for weight loss experience a reduction in body fat, a boost in muscle mass, enhancements in strength and endurance and a reduction in fatigue. It is believed to help enhance muscles and decrease fat in the body, helping people to feel less tired and enhance weight-loss. It is essential to note that L-carnitine will not help you burn fat and slim down deal with weight-loss problem with the aid of L-carbonitin preparations that are known to help weight reduction and deal other health advantages. If you don't eat meat or dairy products or have a limited diet plan, an injection of L-carnitine can supply all the healthy carnitine your body requires to charge energy and burn fat. On the other hand, L-carbonitin supplements are natural items that promote the production of L-carnitines with the sole purpose of promoting reliable fat loss and weight-loss. They can be utilized for those who are deficient in L-carnitine, wish to lose weight and construct a body at a much faster pace, or consume L-carnitine-rich diet plans that work well. L-carnitine is an amino acid kept in the skeletal muscles, heart and brain of the body and produced by the liver and kidneys to convert body fat into energy. This is among the main reasons many weight-loss supplements include it due to its native function in the body. Carnitine, as a sort of amino acid, take advantage of the energy material by carrying fatty acids to mitochondria where they can be burned and utilized as fuel. Weight loss Since L-carnitine assists to burn fat for energy, lots of individuals presume that more of it will help them lose weight. It has actually been recommended nevertheless that its ability to transport more fat acids into the cells to burn energy makes it a reliable performance booster and it is helpful for fat burning and weight loss. Given that L-carcinol helps to transport more fat acids into the cells to burn energy, one would think that this would likewise assist to burn fat and lose weight. At MD Ageless Solutions, we discovered the most reliable way to address weight loss problem with the assistance of L-carbonitin preparations that are known to help weight loss and deal other health benefits. Weight loss Since L-carnitine assists to burn fat for energy, many people assume that more of it will help them lose weight. It has actually been suggested however that its capability to transfer more fat acids into the cells to burn energy makes it an efficient efficiency booster and it is beneficial for fat burning and weight loss. The mix of adenosine and L-carnitine can help you boost reduce weight and get slim? Well, a number of researches have learnt evidences that could associate Green Tea tea to weight loss. Some of these evidences revealed that Green Tea teas can assist you burn fat and calories. A recent clinical research study especially supports the capability of the Green Tea green tea to burn fat and boost metabolism. According to it, the catechin polyphenols in green tea extract may alter the body's use of norepinephrine, which is a chemical transmitter in the nervous system, to increase the rate of calorie burning. In their conclusion, the scientists who conducted the study mentioned that green tea has thermogenic homes and promotes fat oxidation beyond that explained by its caffeine content. The green tea extract nay contribute in the control of body composition through understanding activation of thermogenesis, fat oxidation, or both. With a variety of proofs that might like Green Tea tea to weight reduction, it's no surprise that today Green Tea slimming tea are ending up being extremely offered in the market. These Green Tea slimming teas are produced generally with the mix of standard Green Tea herbs, and are intended for those who wish to reduce weight and get slim.
Is Java Burn Diet Pills?Some people take supplements to help the body drop weight without impacting other bodily functions. Changing to regular low-fat products and decreasing your calorie intake can result in weight-loss. 7 What You Should Eat Do not forget that it is very important for you to work out appropriately. In the morning, when you wake up, drink a glass of green tea or coffee to get the results of the ideal day for weight-loss. Part of the factor for this is the improved metabolic rate and user experience that assists the body decrease fat and lose that additional inch of waist that is so difficult to attain. The weight reduction menu likewise consists of a big percentage of vegetables and fruits and a proportion of other proteins and fats. Java Burn has actually been evaluated for negative effects and red peppers appear to be an unlikely source of weight-loss. What I do understand assists melting fat and improving metabolic process. It is based on an ancient weight-loss remedy sourced from a remote town in Japan where individuals are slimmer, healthier, and live long lives. Java Burn is a mix of natural dietary boosters combined as a formula by Mike Banner. This supplement can help customers live an obesity-free life without undergoing weight reduction surgical treatments, starving their bodies, or costs hours at the health club.
Lose Weight Without Exercise
Weight problems is both an illness and a sign that affects the lifestyle. It can target not just the physical health but also the psychological health of a person, causing bad health, failure in expert life, separated social life, and stress and anxiety. A lot of weight-loss products are inadequate fads or fashionable and expensive trends. They just try fad diets, hire physical fitness trainers and pay for for pricey fitness center memberships. What if someone tells you that weight-loss is not as tough as it looks and there are actual items that might help you? Java Burn weight reduction supplement is among of those products that motivates the body to get much better shape, utilizing its natural functions. Read this complete Java Burn evaluation to learn more about its effectiveness and benefits.
What is Java Burn?
Java Burn is a basic, cutting-edge, and affordable supplement with tested weight loss benefits. Java Burn is made of 100% natural active ingredients, based on the ancient weight loss solutions from Japan. One pack of Java Burn has 30 portions and is enough for one entire month. 250Mg Of Green Tea Extract Equals To How Much In Caffine
The Creator Of Java Burn Powder
As discussed before, Java Burn is a product of Mike Banner, who is not a medical specialist and unintentionally discovered this formula. Mike took a trip to Japan to fulfill an associate, Dr. Tamaki, who introduced him to this weight loss tonic. His battle led him to the production of Java Burn powder, which turned out to be a huge success. 250Mg Of Green Tea Extract Equals To How Much In Caffine
Rapid Weigh Loss With Java Burn 250Mg Of Green Tea Extract Equals To How Much In Caffine
Age modifications whatever from the outer look, physical health, mental health, and the ability to function typically. It is possible for metabolic process to change with age and end up being sluggish, resulting in weight gain and weight problems. When you are aging, this does not indicate that you have to live an unhealthy and unsightly life. Java Burn deals with the real concern in weight reduction, which is chronic inflammation in the gut. The ingredients utilized in this supplement are anti-inflammatory, immune-modulating, and relaxing; as a result, the body returns to the healthy track within a couple of weeks. This type of weight reduction is better than investing cash on options that may or may not work. Individual outcomes may vary, weight loss with Java Burn supplement is legit, and the outcomes would show up within a couple of weeks. Some of the preliminary signs consist of cravings control, low cravings, no state of mind swings, total digestion, high energy levels, and visible body fat loss. As I mentioned in my Java Burn Review, it contains 100% natural active ingredients that work with coffee to promote metabolic process and burn the excess pounds that have actually accumulated in the body. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can speed up metabolic process and achieve weight loss results if bundled with other ingredients of Java Burn.Java Burn delivers effective weight loss results in a brief time. Java Burn is an everyday supplement users can add to their coffee to boost energy throughout the day and assist them burn more weight. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that helps to melt fat and improve metabolic process. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that helps melting fat and enhancing metabolism. 250Mg Of Green Tea Extract Equals To How Much In CaffineJava Burn And Cholesterol A green and rich sanctuary in the middle of a scorching dessert. A cool breeze on a hot summertime hundred of hits. Cholesterol, triglycerides, the protein apoB in LDLs, are words dreaded by humans of the modern-day age. This brand-new century is expected to become the century of medical miracles, the green tea, lowly as it may sound looks very promising as numerous researches have actually shown. This might be the decade of green tea and cholesterol. More good news is it's not just green tea and cholesterol; it's also green tea and cancer. Numerous studies have shown that the antioxidants exist in green tea. The Journal of the National Cancer Institute published the outcomes of an epidemiological research study suggesting that drinking green tea minimized the threat of esophageal cancer in Chinese men and women by almost sixty percent. Another research study done by the University of Purdue scientists recently concluded that a compound in green tea inhibits the development of cancer cells. In another research study by the University of Kansas identified that EGCG may discuss why the rate of heart disease among Japanese males is rather low, despite the fact that approximately seventy-five percent are smokers. And more great news! It's not simply green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and high blood pressure. Habitually consuming 5 to 10 cups a day of green tea decreases high blood pressure. For more that 4,000 years the Chinese have actually known about the medicinal advantages of green tea given that using it to deal with everything from headaches to depression. So it's not simply green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and anxiety! Drinking green likewise is reported to be helpful with rheumatoid arthritis, Cardiovascular disease, infection, and impaired immune function. Green tea is rich in catechin polyphenols, specifically epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG). EGCG is an excellent anti-cancer element. Polyphenol restricts the negative effects of smoking and a fatty diet plan. It's not simply dental caries anyone? Its bacteria-destroying abilities got to know green tea and cholesterol lowering the Chinese method. There is more to green tea and cholesterol, get and search the web to understand more of the heath advantages you might get bacteria. Drop Weight With Java Burn These active ingredients increase metabolic process, fat loss, muscle mass and testosterone levels in the body. Fat components such as garcinia, cambogia, green tea extract, purple tea extract (THG), theobromine, caffeine and higenamine reduce cravings, sluggish fat absorption and increase metabolic process to burn more calories than body fat. Limit carbohydrate consumption, improve fat loss and dissolve in the body, promote metabolism, thermogenesis and fat loss. Fasting at the expense of metabolic process, fat loss and support in the day-to-day dissolution of the continuous layers of fat that form in the body. Java Burn is unsavory, liquifies in your coffee, deals with any kind of coffee you drink, and has all sorts of side impacts. As I stated in my Java Burn Review, it includes 100% natural active ingredients that deal with coffee to stimulate metabolism and burn the excess pounds that have built up in the body. Java Burn costs just $50 for a month and charges your early morning cup of coffee by improving your metabolic process and accelerating the results of weight reduction. Combine Java Burn Powder with your day-to-day coffee and you will have turbo charged metabolic advantages and easy weight reduction outcomes. Priced at $49 a bag, Java Burn uses natural components combined with coffee to speed up metabolism. The ingredients of the Java Burn powder supplement are loaded with anti-oxidants and other substances that support weight loss and support your health. Antioxidants and catechins included in Java Burn have a strong result on metabolism and assist you lose fat much faster. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can speed up metabolism and achieve weight-loss results if bundled with other active ingredients of Java Burn.Java Burn delivers effective weight reduction results in a short time. Java Burn is a weight-loss supplement and a similar item that promotes the body to enter much better shape through its natural functions. It takes immunity, maintain energy levels, boost metabolic process and slim down. By taking Java Burn you can slim down, improve your health, remove fat from the issue locations and take pleasure in other strong benefits. Java Burn is a daily supplement users can add to their coffee to increase energy throughout the day and help them burn more weight. A charged cup of coffee can promote the metabolism and make it challenging to reduce weight every day. Java Burn consists of eco-friendly tea, chromium, essence and l-theanine. Java Burn is a natural powder for natural food supplements that can be contributed to your daily coffee recipes, whether it's espresso, macchiato, cappuccino or flat white. Java Burn utilizes 100% natural, vegan, GM-free and gluten-free components to enhance metabolism and speed up lead to weight reduction. Java Burns offers weight loss and metabolic benefits with coffee. Java Burn is a weight-loss supplement that helps to melt fat and enhance metabolic process. As strange as it sounds, the active ingredients of Java Burn Weight Loss formula are all natural metabolic boosters with protective and healing effects. The last item is packaged in a disposable bag that can be blended with water and taken in instantly, so enjoy out for evaluations from Java Burn buyers and testimonials from real weight control people. Its ingredients make it strong in suppressing hunger, enhancing metabolism, burning fat and reducing water retention in the body. All ingredients consisted of in Java Burn are 100% natural, natural and natural ingredients that take some time to be absorbed into the body and show their effectiveness. The success of Hydroxycut can be associated to its exceptional weight loss active ingredients. For lots of people, coffee is the focus for weight reduction and sleep, but there has been increasing proof that coffee can have an unfavorable impact on your health, specifically if you buy inferior products from third-party marketplaces such as the Java Burn rip-off. Whether drinking coffee is bad or good for metabolic procedures is debated by nutritionists and health professionals, but there is no doubt that purchasing fake Java Burn items can result in unsafe adverse effects and severe unfavorable negative effects. Consuming coffee is great, however how terrible your metabolic process is is is an extremely charged argument between nutritionists, health professionals, and everybody else, and no doubt buying the incorrect Java Burn items brings out the riskiest elements, with repercussions that can be severe, dreadful, and unfavorable. The marketplace has plenty of products that use incredible weight loss benefits, but 90% of them are fake and can cause major side effects for the user.
250Mg Of Green Tea Extract Equals To How Much In CaffineSK Hynix Particulars DDR5-6400
SK Hynix launched some technical particulars on its upcoming DDR5-6400 reminiscence chip this week on the Worldwide Strong State Circuits Convention. The die measurement of the corporate's 16GB DDR5 chip is on the excessive finish of the historic DRAM die measurement, so the gadget's price is prone to be fairly excessive. Nonetheless, the elevated DRAM density per sq. millimeter will probably permit SK Hynix to construct more cost effective 8GB DDR5 ICs.
The DDR5 reminiscence chip described by SK Hynix is a 16 Gb gadget (organized in 32 banks and eight banking teams) with a switch price of 6400 MT / s at 1.1 volts. The gadget is manufactured with the second era of the 10nm class from SK Hynix (additionally known as 1y-nm tech) with 4 metallic layers, the chip measurement is 76.22 mm2, reported EETimes .
Associated Studying
Sources: EETimes TechInsightsOur Farm
Grow Smart & Happiness Grows
What is Veganic Farming?
Veganic farming is a plant-based farming method that uses plants to grow plants. Organic farming removes the dangers of most contamination issues, veganic farming eliminates the crops exposure to animal fertilizers as well.
Most farm animals are exposed to pesticides and other chemical and routinely given antibiotics and other drugs either directly or via their feed. These residue of these chemical can show up in their manure. This manure is used in non-organic and organic farms however since Locals is veganic we only used plants to grow plants thus we keep away additional pathogens and contaminants away from our crops. We also take it a step further an don't use any pesticides even organic approved pesticide on our farm.
In essence, veganic is a logical step beyond organic for those who seek safe food grown in a sustainable manner.
Hyper Quality Control In Every Step
Our food produce can no longer be confined to rural America. Our agriculture system is due for sustainable innovation. We need to grow food in a way that will be not only productive, safe, and sustainable for our lifetime, but also for future generations. #265!
Episode #265
John: Okay, the first plugin I’ve got here today is called Registered Users Only, and this is a plugin that allows you to lock down your website real quick and easy. It’s a plugin I’m starting to use more and more when I’m doing development versus using a landing page or the in development pages plugins that were used. This one locks it down to specifically prevent anyone from getting into the site unless they are logged in or through IP addresses if you do a little customization in the code.
It’s a plugin I inherited through a client and it can also help you build an intranet, and this is more information on what’s going to be developing from this plugin further down the line. But other than that, if you use this plugin with Gravity Forms, you can also force people to only register for your website, and with some more tweaks, you can limit it even further.
But as it stands right now as Registered Users Only, it’s a great plugin and I gave it a 4-Dragon rating.
Marcus: Outstanding! Well, what I’m going to talk about next is called Advanced Image Grabber, and this is a really cool plugin. What it does is you can point it to an external webpage URL somewhere and it will take all of the images that’s on that page and allow you to select them and import them. So it will just download them straight from that website and import them right into the media library. What do you think of that, John?
John: That’s very nice. It also sounds very dangerous.
Marcus: It does. It sounds like somebody could pirate you with just one click.
John: Yeah.
Marcus: But this is pretty cool in terms of if you’ve got, you know, an old client site and you need to pull a bunch of images over, stuff like that.
John: Yeah, I can see the benefits for it.
Marcus: Yeah, yeah – so I rated this one a 4 out of 5.
John: Yeah, very nice. Yeah, it’s got some great benefits but the use and copyright violations is just astounding for that one, too.
Okay, the next plugin I’ve got here
. This is one of the first in many plugins coming for WP Plugins A to Z. This is going to be one of our first plugins created. It’s called Staff Directory WPAZ. If you want to get a copy of it, you’ll have to go to the Contact page and send me an email. But I’ll tell you a little bit about this plugin. This is a fork of another plugin called Staff Directory. There’s a link in the show notes to the original.
What we’ve done with this plugin is it came to me through a client of mine who had a staff directory and they were using this plugin but it wasn’t adequate to the needs and there was nothing else out there. So we decided to take this plugin which had the good basics and start forking it out.
What it allows you to do is create a staff list which you can edit in the backend and display in the frontend via a short code. This is for if you’re running an intranet and you wanted to display your staff list. We added functionality to it such as Ajax Sorting for the frontend, as well as in the backend, the ability to export the CSV file, the ability to reimport the CSV file, and double-check to make sure if the entries were there, and not over-write them. It also did some cleanup of the interface.
We’ve added a whole bunch of new features to it and there’s more coming. This is a plugin that will continue to be developed over time and it’s going to be our first plugin that gets announced out to the world soon – and may even submit it to the WordPress Repository eventually, so check it out. Of course, since it’s a WordPress Plugin from A to Z, it’s going to get a 5, right?
Marcus:
John: No, just kidding. At the moment, it’s still rated at a 4, but it’s not a perfect plugin yet, but it’s getting close. So check it out; it’s called Staff Directory WPAZ.
Marcus: Excellent. I look forward to that and many more.
John: Yeah, well there’s another one in the pipeline right now, too.
Marcus: Yeah, maybe we can fork off all the 3’s and 4’s that we found and make them 5’s.
John: Well, what’s happening is when I run into a plugin that’s needed, I’m starting to fork it off since I’ve manage to find myself a really good quality developer locally who does work for me.
Marcus: Yeah, I do the same with my outsource team. I have them fork plugins that I like that gets me about 70% of the way that I need to get —
John: Yeah.
Marcus: — and then have them do the rest as far as the last 30.
John: Time to bring them back here and we can offer them as an exclusive to our subscribers on the website.
Marcus: Hmm, that’s a great idea. Well, the next one I’d like to talk about is called Disable Autocomplete, and John, with so many autocomplete scripts out there and I’m talking about stuff within Chrome, Firefox – you know, those password savers.
John: Autocomplete forms.
Marcus: Last Pass is another good one. There are a lot of different ways that sensitive data could get saved within your browser, and sometimes you just don’t want that. To do your users a favor, you can use this plugin to disable autocomplete and it prevents items from being saved in your passwords or Last Pass, which can be pretty valuable if you’ve got stuff that’s relatively sensitive that you do not want somebody to just save the password, and I rated this one a perfect 5 out of 5.
John: Very nice. Very nice. That could come in real handy.
Marcus: Yes.
John: Okay, and the final one I’ve got here is called WP Security Audit Log. This is a great plugin that helps you track everything on your website from user sign-ins to whatever changes they’ve made, including your own changes, whatever plugins you install, activate, deactivate, remove. It tracks failed logins and more.
It’s a great tool for helping you know what’s going on and if something goes wrong on your site. It’s got a log here you can go and check it out and see what happened just before it went wrong. It tracks pretty much everything. You can also expand its abilities by adding some pro add-ons such as email notifications, you have user monitor, and even more to it.
All in all, a pretty great plugin. Again, another one that I picked up from a client and check it out: WP Security Audit Log; I gave it a 4-Dragon rating.
Marcus: And that’s pretty valuable stuff.
John: It’s very —
Marcus: You want to see what’s going on.
John: — especially if you’ve got a site with multiple users.
Marcus: Yeah, absolutely. All right, I’m going to wrap it up with something that’s a little off the beaten path. It’s called WP API Yoast SEO and what this does is it returns Yoast post or page metadata in a normal post or page request and it stores the metadata in a field of returned data. Yay. Okay, so what?
But I want to bring this plugin to light not because I think a ton of people will be using it, but I want to talk about this to illustrate and highlight a point that these kinds of plugin interactions via API are coming a lot faster than you might think. So what this does is it actually takes metadata from within Yoast and you can manipulate it and do different things with — actually, even incorporate it within your post itself, so that’s pretty powerful. I only bring this up because Yoast is something that almost all of us use —
John: Yes.
Marcus: — in some respect. And this plugin is fun to just get a sense of what kind of interactions you can do with the API, and that’s why I wanted to talk about it. It’s called WP API Yoast SEO, and I rated it a 4 out of 5.
John: Very nice. Yes, we’ve got lots and lots of changes coming down the pipe for WordPress over the next year or two.
Marcus: Mm-hmm.
John: Okay, well that covers up. In this show, I covered up the Registered Users Only, which I gave a 4 to; the Staff Directory WPAZ, which I gave a 4 to; and the WP Security Audit Log, which I gave a 4 to.
Marcus: And I talked about Advanced Image Graver, 4 out of 5; Disable Autocomplete got a perfect 5 out of 5; and WP API Yoast SEO gets a 4 out of five.
John: Very nice.
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
SaveI’ve recently started a new project, creating the 120-150 lines of song I need for my next Composing Song Lyrics assignment. Unlike others in my class, I don’t sing or play, so I’ve taken what is supposedly the easiest option by choosing to rewrite existing songs instead. The first step in all of that is choosing the tracks I want to work on, and as I write this, that’s still very much a work in progress. I do have one song set in stone, which I rediscovered my love for a few weeks ago thanks to Spotify’s random choices – Coldplay’s ‘In My Place’ (song titles go in single inverted commas, apparently). However, the only issue with being able to choose songs you enjoy is that you risk butchering musical masterpieces with your own mediocre words, and that was definitely at the front of my mind as I started to think about mine.
We’ve been doing various writing exercises in seminars over the last few weeks that we hope will get our creative juices flowing. Many of them have involved writing about different unrelated emotions or scenarios in prose or loose verse, so that we can pluck certain words and phrases for later use. In my case at least, some exercises have been more fruitful than others, but a few words, lines and images have helped me to get started. Last night, I went to the library to begin my new version of ‘In My Place’, and because the song has a relatively simple syllabic structure and rhyme scheme, I had written a draft I was satisfied with in around half an hour – giving me 39 lines of lyrics. A blank sheet of paper is daunting for any writer, so I initially focused only on getting started and committing to an opening line. What I came up with was “outer space, outer space”, which mirrors the repetition of the title in Coldplay’s original, since I felt a degree of pressure at first to be faithful to it. It had the effect of evoking something better, though, so I soon replaced it with something else. From there, the rest of the piece seemed to flow nicely, and my portfolio was officially underway.
Because I’m rewriting something existing, it is imperative that the new song exactly matches the syllabic count of the original. In some cases, there may be an opportunity for an extra syllable in a line where one has been stretched by the singer – but I have to try and remember not to get greedy. I have a feeling that whatever the next four songs are, their new words won’t come quite as easily as the first set did, and I’ll have a lot more to consider before I can make them work. Each submission has to be accompanied by a 30-second recording explaining what you were trying to achieve with it, so there are both technical and emotional aspects to think about. Even so, I’m finding the study of lyrics less highbrow and much more accessible than I did traditional poetry last year. I can only conclude that that must be because of the nature of popular music as something which is designed to be cherry-picked and enjoyed by anyone, regardless of age, experience or background.
Mason
One thought on “Outer Space, Outer Space”Department Members
Department Activity
Details
- MA program offered
- PhD program offered
-
-
-
Also at University of Waterloo
-
- PhD, 2009
- Philosophy, Misc, Other Academic Areas
- PhD, 2006
- PhD
- PhD, 2002
- Meta-Ethics, Continental Philosophy
- PhD, 1989
- Science, Logic, and Mathematics, Other Academic Areas
- PhD, 1971
- Applied Ethics, Social and Political Philosophy, Logic and Philosophy of Logic
- PhD
- PhD, 1992
- African/Africana Philosophy, Continental Philosophy
- PhD, 1984
- Metaphysics and Epistemology, Science, Logic, and Mathematics
- PhD, 2012
- Philosophy of Language, Philosophy of Action, Epistemology
- PhD, 2015
- Metaphysics, Logic and Philosophy of Logic
- PhD, 2017
- Philosophy of Law, Social and Political Philosophy, Philosophy of Social Science
- PhD, 1980
- 20th Century Philosophy
- PhD
- PhD, 1980
- Philosophy of Religion
- PhD, 2013
- Animal Ethics
- PhD, 1982
- Value TheoryApril 16 - July 18, 2021
Closed
January 15 - April 11, 2021
October 15, 2020 - January 10, 2021
July 11 - October 4, 2020
January 10 - April 5, 2020
Through BAM's Community Education exhibitions, we celebrate and nurture the community by featuring student work and exhibits that promote educational enrichment and cultural awareness.
Interested in being featured in the Community Education Gallery?
Gallery Hours:
Mondays & Tuesdays: Closed
Wednesdays – Sundays: 11am – 5pmen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Campise
- Anthony Sebastian "Tony" Campise (January 22, 1943 – March 7, 2010) was an American jazz musician. He primarily played tenor saxophone and flute though he was a multireedist who also used clarinet and oboe.
Mini Bio (1) Tony Campisi is known for his work on Spider-Man 2 (2004), Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999) and Law & Order: Criminal Intent (2001). He was previously married to Kathy Bates.
Tony Campisi is a renowned actor. His career is believed to have started off in the early 1970’s or the early 1980’s. there is a film in which they co-starred with Kathy Bates, then his girlfriend in 1993. The film is called A Home of Our Own. What is evident is that Tony Campisi has acted in many movies and that he is really good at what he does.
- Early Life and Family
- Educational Background
- Career
- Net Worth
- Ex-Wife - Kathy Bates
- Death of Campisi
Campisi was born on 22 Jan 1943, Texas, United State of America. Nothing more information about his parents, and early life is out in the media as he was a very private person.
Campisi majored in Music from Sam Houston University, Huntsville, Texas. He was very much into music, he even took classes to play flute from Julis Baker in 1980.
Campisi started his career in entertainment history in the 70s. He was a successful veteran actor who has starred in more than dozens of movies and television series like :
Tony Campisi's net worth was estimated to be around $5million during the time of his death. He collected head fortune from his career as an actor. He had earned enough and was living a luxurious life. He owned a house in Los Angles California which consist of eight bedrooms and four bathrooms.
Tony Campisi's ex-wife Kathy Bates was an American actress who was born on 28 June 1948. They met and fell in love with each other back in the 80s. They even have worked in many movies together. After dating for almost 13 years they tied the knot in 1991. They seemed like they were a lifetimes couple but due to their personal misunderstandings and differences, they decided to separate their ways and divorced after 6 years of marriage in 1997. They didn't have any kids together. Everyone in the industry was surprised by the news because they were together for almost more than two decades and no one expected it. After the divorce, Campisi never has shared much about his current relationship status in media.
Unfortunately, Campisi Died on 7 March 2010 from a Brain Hemorrhage. At the age of 67, he left the world after hitting his head from fainting outside of Corpus Christi Hotel, Texas Hotel. Visit Glamourbreakfor more info on your fav celebs.
Aug 10, 2021 · Born in the United States, Tony belongs to the white ethnicity. Antony Sebastian Campise is his full name. He was raised by his loving parents and siblings, although he hasn’t disclosed much about them. Campisi graduated from high school and attended Sam Houston State University, where he earned a music degree.
Tony Campisi is a well known Hollywood actor as well as a jazz musician from the United States. He is famous for playing musical instruments like tenor saxophone and flute also. Besides being a successful musician, he is also an actor, known for his appearance in movies like Spider-Man 2 , A Home of Our Own and so on.
Sep 20, 2020 · Short Bio. Tony Campisi was born in 1943 in Texas, the United States, and he celebrates his birthday on the 22nd of January. He belongs to the white ethnicity and holds an American nationality. The 76 years old veteran actor is a graduate of Texas University.Jon Lovitz Net Worth
Jon Lovitz how much money? For this question we spent 24 hours on research (Wikipedia, Youtube, we read books in libraries, etc) to review the post.
The main source of income: Comedians
Total Net Worth at the moment 2021 year – is about $12 Million.
Youtube
Biography
Jon Lovitz information Birth date: July 21, 1957 Birth place: Los Angeles, California, United States Height:5 ft 10 in (1.78 m) Profession:Comedian, Actor, Singer, Voice Actor, Businessperson Nationality:United States of America Siblings:Leslie LovitzAwards:National Board of Review Award for Best Cast
Height, Weight
:How tall is Jon Lovitz – 1,82m.
How much weight is Jon Lovitz – 82kg
Photos
Wiki
Jonathan Michael Jon Lovitz is an American comedian, actor, and singer. He is best known as a cast member of the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live from 1985 to 1990.
The information is not available
Summary
Wikipedia Source: Jon LovitzControlling?
1. 36 Pair Overdoor Shoe Organizer
If you have a small space, this one is great for you. This 36 pair overdoor shoe organizer offers convenient behind the door storage space for organizing and neatly displaying shoes.
2. Mid-Century Shoe Rack
If you need a shoe rack that is in style, this one is best for you. Its sleek design begs to be displayed in a prime location.
3. 6-Tier Shoe Rack
Keep your pair of shoes tidy with this tiered shelves from Yamazaki. It is complete with a wooden shelf at top to display your favorite pair.
4. Clear Stackable Shoe Drawer
If you are the meticulous type, this one will be the one you love. This drawer provide visible accessibility for closet organization that is sized for shoes, and other item as well.
5. Shoe Cabinet With Four Compartments
This shoe cabinet helps you organize your shoes and saves your floor space at the same time. The cabinet only has legs at the front so it can stand close up to the wall above the baseboard.
6. Shoe Bench
This shoe bench is perfect solution for smaller spaces and has an endless style. A comfy cushion lets you kick off your shoes or lace them up in comfort.
7. 16-Pocket 8 Pair Overdoor Shoe Organizer
This shoe organizer is made of breathable fabric which is important for keeping shoes smelling good and another great thing about this organizer is easy to fold up for moving or even packing on a longer trip. Just hang them on the door and now you have more space on the floor.
8. Shoe and Boot Organizer
This closet organizer has varying sizes of cubbies designed for knee-high boots, ankle booties, and all of your pumps, loafers, and even your sneakers.
9. Clear Plastic 12 Pack Stackable Storage Shoe Box White
This 12-unit system is so clutch. In our shoe dreams, we’re imagining a whole wall of these stacked in our massive walk-in closet. Perfect!Air Canada CEO Michael Rousseau has apologized and committed to improving his French amid heavy backlash by federal and Quebec officials, including the premier today, who called Rousseau’s comments on Wednesday shocking and disrespectful.
On Wednesday, the CEO delivered a 26-minute speech at the Palais des congrès in Montreal, during which he only spoke French for about 20 seconds. After the speech, Rousseau was asked in French by a journalist for Quebec TV news channel LCN how he’s managed to live in Montreal for so long despite speaking little French.
He was unable to answer it and asked for the question to be posed in English. When pressed, he said despite living in Quebec for 14 years, he’s too busy running a company to learn French.
“I’ve been able to live in Montreal without speaking French, and I think that’s a testament to the city of Montreal,” Rousseau said.
WATCH | Air Canada CEO struggles to answer questions in French
Michael Rousseau was asked in French by a journalist for Quebec TV news channel LCN how he’s managed to live in Montreal for so long despite speaking little French. 1:38
On Thursday morning, Rousseau issued a statement apologizing for his comments and promising to commit to improving his French.
“I want to clarify that I did not want in any way to disrespect [Quebecers] and francophones across the country. I apologize to those who were offended by my words,” Rousseau said.
He added he told journalists that he would in fact like to be able to speak French.
“Today, I am committed to improving my French, the official language of Canada and the language used in Quebec,” he said.
“The head office of this emblematic company is located in Montreal and it is a source of pride for me as for my entire management team. I reiterate Air Canada’s commitment to show respect for French and, as a leader, I will set the tone.”
Several elected officials in Quebec and Ottawa have criticized Rousseau’s initial comments.
On Thursday, Premier François Legault became the latest public figure to denounce Rousseau’s attitude about the French language.
“It’s insulting. It makes me angry, because [of] his attitude to say ‘I have been in Quebec 14 years and I did not have to learn French,'” said Legault on the sidelines of COP26 in Scotland.Description
Particleboard is an engineered wood product manufactured from wood chips, shavings and sawdust mixed with a resin and then pressed into a smooth, dense, strong sheet. Particleboard is perfect for a wide range of easy and fun DIY projects, including crafts, hobbies, décor, shelving, cabinets and furniture. Particleboard is cost efficient, easy to install and extremely durable. It’s ideal for adding practical storage and organization solutions throughout the home, including the pantry, garage, basement, playroom and more. California residents: See Proposition 65
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.L-TheanineTea includes the distinct stress and stress and anxiety. Research has shown that L-theanine can enhance sleep quality not just by serving as a sedative but also by lowering anxiety and promoting relaxation. Scientists found in one research study that doses of 250 mg and 400 mg L-theanine respectively improved the sleep of human beings and animals (16 ). The scientists also discovered that the drug reduced stress and anxiety and enhanced symptoms. L-theanine and caffeine mixes can influence human cognition, as shown by alpha-band oscillatory activity and attention job. L-theanine can be used together with caffeine to enhance cognitive capabilities. The impact of 3 main state of mind. Evaluation of the effects of caffeine and theanine on maintaining alertness and continual attention during tasks. aid with low anxiety and as a sleep aid. Given that it is a substance that naturally occurs in green tea and black tea, it is also offered as a supplement. L-theanine in green tea produces a mouthwatering taste referred to as umami taste. Tea is the most typical food source for L-theanine, but it can also be discovered in some kinds of fungis. In foods such as green tea, L-anine is believed to be a source of umami, a spicy, breakable taste. A study found that individuals who experienced high blood pressure during a specific psychological job found that L-theanine assisted minimize the rise in high blood pressure. In another study, it helped enhance sleep and mood in felines, but did not have the very same impact on disrupted eating and drinking behavior. esearch also suggests that L-theanine in black and green tea can add to a sense of relaxation by decreasing the resting heart rate of an individual. In 2016 Scholey and his coworkers reported that subjects who took in a nutrient beverage that consisted of 200 milligrams of L-theanine (approximately the quantity found in 8 cups of tea) had lower cortisol levels and reported feeling more unwinded throughout stress-inducing jobs than those who consumed a placebo4. A little research study revealed discovered in tea. These research studies have shown that the mix has no impact on mood, and they have also found that it has little or no impact. Kinetics L-theanine uptake and metabolism in healthy participants was comparable to the consumption of green tea L-theanine pills. The theanine content showed a connection with associated gene expression levels in the culture and tissues of tea plants in order to figure out the integrated effect of metabolic genes. The connection between metabolism of theanins and associated gene expression profiles and the content of theanins was examined in this study. Theanine functions as a neurotransmitter in the brain and can reduce high blood pressure in hypertensive rats. Lots of research studies on theanine have been carried out in combination with caffeine, which is found in tea. These studies have actually revealed that the combination has no effect on state of mind, and they have identify the integrated impact of metabolic genes. The correlation between metabolic process of theanins and associated gene expression profiles and the material of theanins was investigated in this study. consumption of green tea L-theanine pills. For people with type 2 diabetes, a metabolic syndrome characterized by insulin resistance and increased stomach fat, the suggested day-to-day consumption is 1,000 mg GTF (glucose tolerance aspect) in chromium type, which is utilized by the body. Chromium picolinate supplements decreases weight gain and increases insulin sensitivity in individuals with Type 2 diabetes. Research studies show that chromium preparations can be valuable in people with type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and prediabetes. Share on Pinterest Chromium increases insulin sensitivity, which assists the body process blood glucose. While some scientific trials have actually shown no benefit, other scientific trials report that the supplements lower blood sugar levels and insulin levels that people with diabetes requirement. Individuals with type 2 diabetes taking chromium picolinate had better HbA1c levels, utilized to control long-term blood sugar levels, in a properly designed study than those who ate a placebo. A research study carried out by the Human Nutrition Research Center of the US Department of Agriculture found that people who were treated with type 2 diabetes and got either placebo or a chromium preparation over a four-month duration continued to take regular medications and did not alter their eating practices; the group who received extra chromium decreased insulin and cholesterol levels than the placebo group. Another of these studies discovered that when people with type 2 diabetes for a month got chloride supplements two times a day, their insulin and cholesterol levels dropped. Previous research studies have shown that insulin resistance is the main factor for clinical action to chromium25,37-39. In people with type 2 diabetes who utilized sulfonylurea, Martin39 showed that chromium picolinate improved insulin level of sensitivity and glucose control and reduced body weight and visceral fat compared to placebo. While previous research stopped working to validate that additional chromium helps people with limited glucose tolerance due to type 2 diabetes, recent studies have actually revealed that it can help deal with diabetes by lowering blood fat levels, improving weight loss and improving body structure. Chromium supplements did not increase weight, blood glucose, body fat portion or fat levels in a study of 80 obese and overweight grownups and females with increased waist circumference. Current research study suggests that research studies reporting a small reduction in body weight after supplementation with chromium have considerable limitations. A study discovered that women who consumed nutrient and energy-based products and whose energy consumption was just managed by chromium picolinate supplements had no impact on weight, body mass or iron levels. In a brand-new study, researchers at the University of Miami examined data on the impacts of chromium supplementation on blood glucose for three years and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy people or diabetics are ineffective in lowering fasting blood sugar. The study, entitled "Improving metaanalytic techniques to show the result of a chromium supplement on fasting glucose - toxicity," was released in the journal Biological Trace Elements Research. The research study was developed to examine the results of chromium picolinate supplements in mix with a nutritional education intervention for weight-loss in ladies and men and to evaluate whether the effects are because of anthropometry or body fat circulation. Chromium is an essential mineral that plays a helpful role in regulating insulin, the hormonal agent that manages blood sugar and assists to carry glucose to cells where it can be utilized to create energy in the body. Chromium contributes in the insulin signaling paths that enable our body to control the amount of sugar we take in, which assists balance blood sugar level levels and gives us steady energy. For instance, yeast is a high source of chromium and has actually been shown to support sugar metabolic process and glucose form in the blood which is helpful in preventing glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and diabetes development. There is clinical proof that combined chromium supplementation can have a favorable lowered cravings for carbohydrates and fat foods and a minor loss of body weight. Because weight problems is more equally distributed and is associated with insulin resistance, we presume that chromium might support weight loss. Due to the substantial effects accomplished by greater doses of chromium picolinate, Gunton et al. The FDA released an unfavorable research study of chromium for diabetes with 800 mg of chromium picolinate and 100 mg of essential chromium (about 12% diet plan).21 Another researcher published a response criticising the research study for inadequate dosages. 24 Gunton applied to the FDA for qualified health care, but the only allowed claim concerned reducing insulin resistance based on a study using 500 mg of essential. Chromium picolinate has actually become a popular dietary supplement for bodybuilders and professional athletes who use it to keep muscle mass throughout workout and promote fat loss. Chromium GTF-200, a nicotinic acid has been revealed to help metabolize fat, improve glucose and insulin metabolism, preserve healthy cholesterol and blood sugar levels, transform proteins into muscles and transform sugars into energy. Scientists have studied dietary supplements such as chromium picolinate to support weight-loss and modifications in body structure, especially low iron levels in females who consume nutrient and energy-based items. Studies show that chromium preparations can be helpful decreased insulin and cholesterol levels than the placebo group. In a brand-new research study, scientists at the University of Miami evaluated data on the effects of chromium supplementation on blood sugar for three years and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy people or diabetics are not efficient in lowering fasting blood sugar. The FDA issued an unfavorable study of chromium for diabetes with 800 mg of chromium picolinate and 100 mg of essential chromium (about 12% diet).21 Another researcher published an action criticising the research study for inadequate doses.ineBecause it carries fatty acids from the blood to mitochondria where they can be used for energy production, l-carnitine is an important weapon for weight loss. Some individuals with diabetes of all kinds may benefit from an L-cannitin supplement because it can help to lower blood sugar level levels. L-carnitine not just assists the body burn fuel as efficiently as possible to increase energy, but also enhances athletic efficiency and endurance by inhibiting the buildup of lactic acid, which is among the primary causes of exhaustion throughout exercise. Research studies have shown that patients who utilize L-carcitine for weight loss experience a decrease in body fat, an increase in muscle mass, enhancements in strength and stamina and a decrease in fatigue. It is believed to assist minimize and enhance muscles fat in the body, helping people to feel less tired and enhance weight loss. If you do not combine it with a healthy diet and exercise routine, it is crucial to keep in mind that L-carnitine will not help you burn fat and lose weight. If you are vegan or on a restricted diet, the injection directly into your body supplies you with the healthy carnitine your body needs to charge energy and burn fat. At MD Ageless Solutions, we found the most efficient method to address weight reduction issue with the aid of L-carbonitin preparations that are known to assist weight reduction and deal other health benefits. If you don't eat meat or dairy products or have a limited efficient fat burning and weight loss. They can be used for those who are deficient in L-carnitine, wish to reduce weight and construct factors why many weight reduction supplements include it due to its native function in the body. Carnitine, as a type of amino acid, benefits from the energy material by transporting fatty acids to mitochondria where they can be burned and used as fuel. For this reason, many individuals take carnitine as a weight loss supplement to promote weight loss. For numerous people, L-carnitine is a way to speed up weight-loss and weight loss. Benefits of carnitine include improving brain function, avoiding muscle damage, regulating blood sugar level and increasing endurance. Keep in mind that while carnitine can improve fat loss and weight-loss in some people, it must be used with a healthy diet and active way of life to get the most outcomes. Weight reduction Since L-carnitine helps to burn fat for energy, many individuals assume that more of it will assist them reduce weight. It has been suggested nevertheless that its capability to transport more fat acids into the cells to burn energy makes it a reliable efficiency booster and it is advantageous for fat loss and weight reduction. Because it is utilized by professional athletes all over the world for fat loss, it can enhance the method your body uses fat as fuel, resulting in much better workout performance3. It is a popular supplement for both weight reduction and fat burning and need to be taken as a terrific addition to your workout program. The mix of adenosine and L-carnitine can assist you increase your weight reduction plan by turning your body into a weight loss maker. In addition to the benefits of this supplement in fat burning and weight loss, it likewise supports the function of the body's body immune system and is an efficient antioxidant. Since L-Carnitine supplements are safe and take place naturally it can also assist you melt fat and increase energy for a lot of workouts. With a much better content of L-carnitine in the body, it will be easier to burn fat and increase the energy material. Considering that L-carcinol helps to transfer more fat acids into the cells to burn energy, one would believe that this would likewise help to burn fat and drop, found that L-carcinine supplementation did not increase fat loss and endurance training achieved this objective. Extra L-carnitine can help to compensate for shortages in the amino acids methionine and lysine in individuals on a plant-based diet who do not have adequate quantities of these amino acids in animal products. As lots of people do not have an appropriate diet plan that produces amino acid derivatives in big amounts, build-up by increasing fat loss and energy usage throughout physical activity. L-carnitine At MD Ageless Solutions, we found the most efficient method to address weight loss problem with the help of L-carbonitin preparations that are known to assist weight loss and offer other health benefits. Weight loss Since L-carnitine assists to burn fat for energy, numerous individuals presume that more of it will help them lose weight. It has been recommended nevertheless that its capability to transport specific, help you reduce weight and get slim? Well, a number of researches have actually found out evidences that could associate Green Tea tea to weight-loss. Some of these evidences revealed that Green Tea teas can help you burn fat and calories. A recent scientific study especially supports the ability of the Green Tea green tea to burn fat and boost metabolic process. In their conclusion, the researchers who performed the research study mentioned that green tea has thermogenic homes and promotes fat oxidation beyond that explained by its caffeine content. With a number of evidences that might like Green Tea tea to weight-loss, it's not surprising that that today Green Tea slendering tea are ending up being highly readily available in the market. These Green Tea slendering teas are made normally with the combination of standard Green Tea herbs, and are meant for those who want to lose weight and get slim.
Is Java Burn Diet Pills?Some people take supplements to help the body reduce weight without impacting other bodily functions. Switching to regular low-fat products and lowering your calorie intake can result in weight loss. 7 What You Should Eat Do not forget that it is necessary for you to exercise correctly. In the morning, when you get up, drink a glass of green tea or coffee to get the results of the ideal day for weight-loss. Part of the reason for this is the enhanced metabolic rate and user experience that assists the body decrease fat and lose that additional inch of waist that is so hard to achieve. The weight-loss menu also consists of a big portion of veggies and fruits and a proportion of other proteins and fats. Java Burn has been tested for negative effects and red peppers seem to be a not likely metabolism. Java Burn is a blend of natural dietary boosters integrated as a formula by Mike Banner.
Lose Weight Without Exercise
Weight problems is both an illness and a sign that affects the lifestyle. It can target not just the physical health but likewise the mental health of an individual, triggering bad health, failure in professional life, isolated social life, and anxiety. Most weight-loss items are inadequate fads or fashionable and costly trends. They just try trend diets, hire fitness trainers and pay for for costly gym subscriptions. What if somebody informs you that weight loss is not as hard as it looks and there are actual items that might assist you? Java Burn weight loss supplement is among of those products that motivates the body to improve shape, using its natural functions. Read this total Java Burn evaluation to get more information about its efficacy and benefits.
20202
What is Java Burn?
Java Burn is a basic, cutting-edge, and economical supplement with tested weight reduction advantages. Java Burn is made of 100% natural ingredients, based upon the ancient weight reduction remedies from Japan. This formula does not add artificial active ingredients, additives, fillers, or contaminants; More than a diet pill, Java Burn is a metabolic booster. It is available in a powder kind that makes its use much more convenient. Based upon the info shared online, it alleviates inflammation that decreases measuring the dosage. It is available in small prepacked sachets; each package is one day’s dosage. Just open the package, mix it into a glass of water and produce a drink that is your partner in weight reduction. One pack of Java Burn has 30 portions and suffices for one entire month. Can You Use Apple Cider Vinegar Pills To Lose Weight
The Creator Of Java Burn Powder
As discussed previously, Java Burn is an item of Mike Banner, who is not a medical expert and inadvertently found this formula. He was presented to one natural component that has actually been used for centuries to manage food digestion and immunity. After understanding about it, he thought of making it commercially available for everyone who is battling with weight problems. Mike traveled to Japan to satisfy a colleague, Dr. Tamaki, who presented him to this weight reduction tonic. He was outlined how Japanese individuals have actually constantly maintained their health, and it is unusual to discover any unhealthy and fat individual in tribal areas, all because of their diet plan. More query, research study, and information result in other dietary components that work well for the body and are removed from the modern-day, junk-based diet plan. At this time, Mike was sure about forming and producing this component something that is more easy to utilize than consuming the plants. His struggle led him to the production of Java Burn powder, which turned out to be a big success. It is presently offered online for direct purchase. Can You Use Apple Cider Vinegar Pills To Lose Weight
Rapid Weigh Loss With Java Burn Can You Use Apple Cider Vinegar Pills To Lose Weight
It is possible for metabolism to alter with age and become sluggish, resulting in weight gain and weight problems. Java Burn works on the genuine concern in weight loss, which is persistent swelling in the gut. Specific results might vary, weight loss with Java Burn supplement is legitimate, and the outcomes would show up within a few weeks. As I mentioned in my Java Burn Review, it consists of 100% natural components that work with coffee to stimulate metabolism and burn the excess pounds that have collected in the body. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can speed up metabolism and accomplish weight loss results if bundled with other active ingredients of Java Burn.Java Burn delivers powerful weight loss results in a short metabolic process. Can You Use Apple Cider Vinegar Pills To Lose WeightJava Burn And Cholesterol A rich and green sanctuary in the middle of a scorching dessert. Green tea and cholesterol. For the millions and countless individuals suffering from high cholesterol green tea may be that light. You can search the web and browse for topics on green tea and cholesterol and would develop hundred of hits. Cholesterol, triglycerides, the protein apoB in LDLs, are words dreaded by humans of the contemporary age. This brand-new century is expected to end up being the century of medical wonders, the green tea, lowly as it may sound looks extremely promising as several investigates have actually shown. This might be the years of green tea and cholesterol. More great news is it's not just green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and cancer. The Journal of the National Cancer Institute released the outcomes of an epidemiological research study indicating that drinking green tea decreased the danger of esophageal cancer in Chinese guys and women by nearly sixty percent. And more great news! It's not simply green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and hypertension. Repeatedly drinking 5 to 10 cups a day of green tea lowers high blood pressure. For more that 4,000 years the Chinese have actually understood about the medicinal benefits of green tea given that utilizing it to deal with whatever from headaches to anxiety. So it's not simply green tea and cholesterol; it's also green tea and anxiety! Consuming green also is reported to be valuable with rheumatoid arthritis, Cardiovascular disease, infection, and impaired immune function. Green tea is abundant in catechin polyphenols, particularly epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG). EGCG is a great anti-cancer aspect. Polyphenol restricts the negative effects of cigarette smoking and a fatty diet. It's not just green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and weight-loss. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition published a report that discovered that men who were offered a mix of caffeine and green tea extract burned more calories than those given only caffeine. How about green tea and tooth decay anyone? Its bacteria-destroying capabilities kill the bacteria that trigger dental decay. It's not just green tea and cholesterol, it's also green tea and germs. learned speaking mandarin or fukien a long time ago and got to know green tea and cholesterol reducing the Chinese way. There is more to green tea and cholesterol, browse the web and get to understand more of the heath benefits you may likewise green tea and bacteria. Drop Weight With Java Burn These active ingredients boost metabolic process, weight loss, muscle mass and testosterone levels in the body. Fat ingredients such as garcinia, cambogia, green tea extract, purple tea extract (THG), caffeine, theobromine and higenamine reduce hunger, sluggish fat absorption and increase metabolism to burn more calories than body fat. Restrict carbohydrate intake, enhance fat loss and dissolve in the body, promote metabolism, thermogenesis and fat burning. Fasting at the expense of metabolic process, fat burning and assistance in the everyday dissolution of the continuous layers of fat that form in the body. Java Burn is unsavory, liquifies in your coffee, deals with any kind of coffee you drink, and has all sorts of negative effects. As I stated in my Java Burn Review, it includes 100% natural ingredients that work with coffee to promote metabolism and burn the excess pounds that have accumulated in the body. Java Burn costs simply $50 for a month and charges your early morning cup of coffee by increasing your metabolic process and accelerating the outcomes of weight reduction. Combine Java Burn Powder with your everyday coffee and you will have supercharged metabolic advantages and basic weight reduction outcomes. Priced at $49 a bag, Java Burn utilizes natural active ingredients combined with coffee to accelerate metabolic process. The ingredients of the Java Burn powder supplement are loaded with antioxidants and other compounds that support weight reduction and support your health. Antioxidants and catechins contained in Java Burn have a strong result on metabolic process and assist you lose fat quicker. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can accelerate metabolic process and achieve weight-loss results if bundled with other ingredients of Java Burn.Java Burn provides effective weight-loss leads take in are burned and you get a leaner body.
How To Use Java BurnJava Burn is a daily supplement users can add to their coffee to increase energy throughout the day and assist them burn more weight. Java Burn utilizes 100% natural, vegan, GM-free and gluten-free active ingredients to boost metabolism and speed up results in weight loss. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that assists. Whether drinking coffee is good or bad for metabolic processes is disputed by nutritional experts and health professionals, but there is no doubt that buying counterfeit Java Burn products can cause harmful negative effects and major unfavorable adverse effects. Consuming coffee is great, but how dreadful your metabolism is is is a highly charged dispute between nutritional experts, health professionals, and everybody else, and no doubt purchasing the wrong Java Burn items highlights the riskiest elements, with repercussions that can be severe, dreadful, and unfavorable. The market is complete of items that offer remarkable weight reduction benefits, however 90% of them are fake and can trigger severe side impacts for the user.
Can You Use Apple Cider Vinegar Pills To Lose WeightMay 23, 2018
Lakeview Regional Medical Center, a campus of Tulane Medical Center, has received the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association’s Get With The Guidelines®–Stroke GOLD PLUS Quality Achievement Award. The award recognizes a hospital’s commitment to ensuring stroke patients receive the most appropriate treatment according to nationally recognized, research-based guidelines based on the latest scientific evidence. This marks the third consecutive year Lakeview Regional has been recognized with this award.
“We are dedicated to improving the quality of care for our stroke patients by implementing the American Heart Association’s Get With The Guidelines-Stroke initiative,” said Dr. William Lunn, president and CEO of Tulane Health System. “The tools and resources they provide help us track and measure our success in meeting evidenced-based clinical guidelines developed to improve, getting a follow-up visit scheduled, as well as other care transition interventions.
“We are pleased to recognize Lakeview Regional for their commitment to stroke care,” said Dr. Eric Sm.”
Lakeview Regional Medical Center was not the only Tulane Health System Hospital to earn an American Heart Association/American Stroke Association’s Get With The Guidelines®–Stroke GOLD PLUS Quality Achievement Award. Tulane Medical Center in downtown New Orleans received the Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke Gold Plus Achievement Award with Target: StrokeSM Honor Roll Elite Plus for the third year in a row.
According to the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association, stroke is the No. 5 cause of death and a leading cause of adult disability in the United States. On average, someone suffers a stroke every 40 seconds, someone dies of a stroke every four minutes, and nearly 795,000 people suffer a new or recurrent stroke each year. Get With The Guidelines–Stroke program helps hospital teams provide the latest, research-based guidelines with the goal of saving lives and hastening recovery. Get With The Guidelines®-Stroke has impacted more than 6 million patients nationwide since 2001.Diaspora
By Richard L. Provencher
- 402 reads
When evening slides
downward and shadows
creep into view
you can hear the
trilling tunes of loons
heralding a sparkling sky.
There is discomfort in sounds
of prey and hungry ones
out seeking game - rabbits
no longer playing games.
Fireflies flicker from low
bushes calling for a friend to
share this branch.
The snarl of a coyote
ensures smaller creatures
remain in hidden quarters.
Each has a role to live
in the expose of a
forest which looms larger
than its tallest trembling aspen.
your forest is so much more
your forest is so much more than the small woods I walk in, wonderful wild atmosphere you create here
Pick of the Day
A beautiful insight into the hidden world of the forest, and it's our Facebook and Twitter Pick of the Day! Please do share/retweet if you enjoy it too.
Picture: Pixabay Creative Commons.
Magical & with an
Magical & with an undercurrent of menace, where 'each has a role to live,' I enjoyed walking through your imaginary woods Richard. All best wishes to you.bareMinerals
Your search for the perfect foundation is now over with bareMinerals' Deluxe ORIGINAL Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 15 Medium Tan. This foundation is more than double the size of the award-winning Original Foundation everyone loved, giving you twice the supply in a medium tan that works best for medium-to-tan skin with cool tones. The foundation feels luxurious on the skin and provides you with flawless coverage like the no makeup feel and look you've always wanted. The formula has been clinically proven to promote healthier and clearer skin, so looking your best is never a problem. Get a naturally luminous finish all the time that lasts up to 8 hours long.
Net Weight: 18 g / 0.6 oz.
Active Ingredients: Zinc Oxide 19.6%, Titanium Dioxide 25%.
Other Ingredients: Bismuth Oxychloride, Titanium Dioxide, Mica, Iron Oxides, Zinc Oxide.Keep everyone at least 2 metres away with this stylish hoodie. Fuck Off "Im Hoodie and ensure those germy people do not come any where near you.
NOTE - These caps are printed on demand and will ship to you separately within 5-9 business days. Unfortunately we do not hold stock of these items in ourThe NHS may be unable to cope this winter because of a “frightening” shortfall of more than 50,000 doctors, the head of the British Medical Association has warned.
The number of medics in England has fallen further behind comparable European countries over the summer, ahead of what is predicted to be one of the worst winters in the 73-year history of the health service, Dr Chaand Nagpaul said.
“Winter is an incredibly difficult time for the health service,” he said. “With flu season on the horizon and even fewer staff this time round, it’s a total unknown as to how well our services will cope – if they even cope at all.”
England has a much lower doctor to population ratio than comparable EU countries, with just 2.8 doctors per 1,000 people, in comparison with an EU average of 3.7, according to the BMA. Its research in July said that meeting this average would mean scaling up by 31% – or an additional 49,162 full-time equivalent (FTE) doctors.
Now new data, revealed at the BMA‘s annual representative meeting in London, suggests the crisis has worsened.
With more GPs and hospital doctors quitting over the summer, the shortage has risen to 50,191, according to the BMA. This reflects a loss of 919 doctors in primary care and 110 in secondary care over the last two months.
Yet more doctors are actively considering quitting in the coming months due to burnout and excessive workloads. “Alarm bells” should be ringing, Dr Nagpaul said.
“It’s frightening to see that the gap between the number of doctors in England and comparable EU nations is widening at such pace,” said Dr Nagpaul. “For those still working in the NHS, who knows how long we’ve got them for.
“Rather than actively retaining staff, government has stood by as doctors work themselves to the point of exhaustion, with many now considering leaving the NHS, further depleting us of expert, talented colleagues.”
The workforce crisis means staff are working longer hours to keep up with patient demand. Some feel they have no choice but to hand in their notice to get the respite they need. This piles pressure on those that remain, Dr Nagpaul said.
Last week, Prof Martin Marshall, the chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners, told the Guardian that GPs in England are “finding it increasingly hard to guarantee safe care” for millions of patients, because the shortage of medics means they are unable to cope with soaring demand.
Dr Nagpaul also expressed concerns about how far the additional funding for the NHS and social care, announced last week, will stretch, as the health service continues to deal with the pandemic and a backlog of cases.
The government plans to raise £12bn extra a year for the NHS and adult social care, partly through a rise in national insurance next spring. The NHS will get most of the share for the first three years, with £5.3bn allocated to social care, £500m of which will be spent on workforce training and recruitment.
Ministers said social care will get more money after this window, when the £86,000 cap on costs – which comes into force in October 2023 – starts to require funding.
But Dr Nagpaul said that, despite the funding announcements, “the BMA estimates that core health spending is still £10bn short”.
The BMA is also calling for extra funding for more medical school, foundation programme and specialty training places, alongside investment in the staff and infrastructure needed to deliver this.
A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson.”Property Attributes
- MLS#718972
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyBAY
- CityPanama City
- Area05 - Bay County - East
- NeighborhoodOlde Towne Village
- Zip32404
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built2018
- Taxes$ 2164
- Price$ 325,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2744
- Lot Size6,534 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Keller Williams Success Realty
Data Source:
Central Panhandle Association of REALTORS® (CPAR) - 300 - FL
Property Description
Come check out this beautiful, well-maintained, 5 bedroom 2.5 bathroom home in Barrett's Park! Home features a ''flex room'' that can be utilized as a home office, sitting room or bonus space. It has recently been upgraded with fresh paint throughout. The kitchen features a large center island and walk in pantry. Off the kitchen is the great room, dining room, half bath and Master Suite. Upstairs you will find 4 spacious bedrooms, guest bath, laundry room, and huge 2nd living room. All located on a quiet cul-de-sac lot with stunning sunset views.Don't miss out on this beautiful, spacious home, in Old Town Village. Call a REALTOR today to schedule a private tour. If important, please verify all information and measurements
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolMeisenbacher Homes: In the News
The Jefferson at Grandview
The Packet Group May 31, 2001
Montgomery Township home offers the ultimate in style, quality and elegance
When Luke Meisenbacher of Global Technologies founded his building company they had one objective — to create and build truly remarkable one-of-a-kind homes that would satisfy the most discerning home buyer. With this in mind, he engaged his childhood friend, Fred Kleinbeck, who brings to the operation 15 years of "hands-on" home building experience with one of the nation's major builders as well as a keen interest in architectural styles and a broad understanding of construction techniques.
The mission of Meisenbacher Homes is to present to the luxury home buyer careful, precise details borrowed from historically authentic colonial architecture, while incorporating the state of the art technology required in a 21st century home.
Mr. Meisenbacher, when asked to describe the company's philosophy, replied, "We want our buyers to be able to walk around the home and see consistently fine detail. We will work with purchasers to make sure the home is precisely what they want."
To achieve this, the team continuously researches new materials and studies architectural details of the past in order to incorporate them tastefully and efficiently into their projects.
The Jefferson at Grandview, which is currently under construction in a scenic corner of Montgomery Township, offers the ultimate in style, quality and elegance. Designed for a comfortable lifestyle with a functional, imaginative floor plan for everyday living as well as for entertaining, this lovely house combines traditional features with modern conveniences.
Situated on three wooded acres on a rolling hillside, it takes advantage of its natural surroundings. In addition to the formal living and dining rooms, the first floor offers a dramatic two-story foyer, a two-story family room, a spectacular gourmet kitchen with breakfast area and butler's pantry, as well as a solarium and a library. A luxurious master bedroom suite with its own staircase and in a separate wing, four additional bedrooms and four full bathrooms complete the second floor. A full, finished basement opening onto a bluestone patio, two porches, three-car garage, masonry fireplaces, nine-foot ceilings on the first floor, oak hardwood flooring, central vacuum system, four-zone heating and cooling are among the features of this home.
For further information on this property and other Meisenbacher homes in Somerset and Mercer counties, call Michael Bilginer at Coldwell Banker's Princeton Junction office, (609) 799-9530, ext. 110.It took Microsoft quite some time to release the first versions of its Chromium-based Edge web browser for Linux. One thing that was not implemented in the initial releases was support for syncing data. While data syncing was a work in progress for a long time on Windows and Mac OS as well, Linux users had to wait a bit longer still.
Now, with Microsoft Edge 91 comes synchronization functionality on Linux. The feature is available in development versions and labeled experimental, which means that users need to enable it right now to make use of it.
The functionality enables Linux users to sync data such as passwords, favorites or extensions. It does require a Microsoft account, but that is to be expected as Microsoft’s sync functionality requires a Microsoft account on all supported platforms.
To enable syncing on Linux, Linux users need to do the following:
- Make sure that Edge is at version 91.0.831.x or higher.
- Load edge://flags in the browser’s address bar.
- Set the status of the flag to Enabled.
- Restart the Microsoft Edge web browser.
Login functionality becomes available after the restart. Select the profile image on the browser’s main toolbar and there sign in to sign-in with a Microsoft account.
The feature syncs data using the account, which means that synced data will become available on other platforms.
Microsoft notes that the synchronization may take a few seconds to complete.
Linux users may experience issues when the feature gets enabled. Microsoft published a few scenarios on its Tech Community website. These are:
- My browser is not behaving correctly since I logged in and enabled Sync.
- My browser crashes when I launch it since I logged in and enabled Sync.
- Disabling things as described above did not work for me.
- Deleting my Profile folder did not work for me.
Edge can be started with the parameter –disable-features=msOneAuthEnableMSALSignInOnLinux to turn off the feature; useful if it is not starting anymore after enabling it.
A quick test of the sync functionality on several Linux systems was successful. Syncing could be enabled and was working as expected on these devices.
The post Microsoft Edge 91 will be the first to support syncing on Linux appeared first on gHacks Technology News.-50%
The
- comfortable broadcloth fabric
- stylish short-sleeved
- leaf pattern
- vibrant colours .Cgm mineral ball mill production
Ball Grinding Mill, China Ball Mill, Ball Mil Manufacturer manufacturer supplier in China, offering Ball Mill Prices, Ball Grinding Mill, Horizontal Lime Use Rotary Kiln for Calcination, Gz Series Mining Vibration Grizzly Machine Electromagnetic Feeder and so on.China Grinding Ball Mill manufacturers Select 2021 high quality Grinding Ball Mill products in best price from certified Chinese Mining Mill manufacturers, Oil Grinding Machine suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made in China.com.
China Grinding Equipment Ball Mill for Sale, Find details about China Powder Making Machine, Grinding Machine from Grinding Equipment Ball Mill for Sale Shanghai DingBo Heavy Industry Machinery .
Ball Mill, Minig Processing Plant, Griding Machine manufacturer supplier in China, offering Granite Grinding Grid Ball Mill, Mineral Processing Plant, Sinoway Floating Amphibious Excavator Track Chain for Sale, Crawler Dozer 120 HP Small Wheel Dozer with Good Condition and so on.In this product range, we supply ball mill rubber lining parts such as hammer mill, roller mill machine, manufacturer of high energy ball mill . cn 450 tph ball . Trunnion Bearing Ball Mill Cgm Grinding Plant. ball mill trunnion bearings Manufacturer Buy ball mill . Ball Mill Trunnion Bearing Assembly Mill Gold..Ball Mill Feeder Desing Ball Mill Feeder Parts,Hammer Grinding Mills Ball Mill Rod Mill Design Parts. 2020 4 20 Common types of grinding mills include Ball Mills and Rod Mills. This includes all rotating mills with heavy grinding media loads. This article focuses on ball and rod mills excluding S and mills. Although their .
Wet Batch Production Mills Wet Circulation Production Mills Wet Continuous Production Mills Chocolate Grinding Attrition Mills Limestone Grinding Ball Mill (CL) Limestone Slaker Ball Mill (CLS).
High quality Laboratory Scale 1400rpm 1L wet grinding ball mill, Stir Ball Mill for Sale from China, China's leading Laboratory Ball Mill product, with strict quality control Laboratory Ball Mill factories, producing high quality Laboratory Ball Mill products, Mill, Grinder manufacturer supplier in China, offering 2017 New Grinding Machine Ball Mill Machine for Powder Grinding, Manganese Chromium Tin Ore Gravity Jig Concentrators, Copper Lead Sliver Grinder Mill.Forged Steel Grinding Ball With 60Mn B2 B3 Materials For Mining Product Details forged Mill balls commonly used low carbon alloy, high manganese steel, high carbon and high manganese alloy steel. On.
Cgmchina product products crushing php. cgmchina product products crushing php cgmchina product products grinding php product products crushingsbm crushers or you can visit our website crusher exporters in china ball mill cgmchina gurgaonpropertiesonlinein raymond mill stein zerkleiner machine cgmchina product grinding ball mill get info china.China Grinding Media Steel Ball for Ball Mill, Find details about China Steel Ball, Casting Ball from Grinding Media Steel Ball for Ball Mill Anhui Xinning Equipment . We have testing and quality control department to ensure the quality of the products to meet national and international standards in the steam turbine industry. Ore Grinding Ball Mill Manufacturer Factory.
Feb 14, 2021.Zenith crusher mills from china. zenith crusher mills from chinaAs a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals. china jaw crusher manufacturer, ball mill, raymond mill.
Lab ball milling machine planetary ball mill for Large range of materials media. Features of small lab ball mill 1.Elegant design, easy to operate 2.Ideal for wet or dry grinding application 3.Automatic and programmable control with LED display 4.Multiple grinding modes to choose 5.High uniformity and excellent repeatability 6.The overflow ball mill can be used for primary grinding or re grinding for the expected particle size. Ball mill is one of the most commonly used mining equipment, which is widely used in mineral processing, construction materials, silicate and chemical industries..Hollywood has pretty much given up on producing any kind of original ideas when it comes to big budget event films. Franchises are the big money makers these days and one of the franchises that never quite make the jump to the $1bil club is The Terminator series. Three high priced sequels were made after T2: Judgement Day but none of them were box office hits. Yet somehow the studio executives are willing to write big checks to make more films in the series. The latest in supposed to be a true sequel to T2 since James Cameron is officially part of the production, he came up with the story and produced this sequel.
Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) and her son John (Edward Furlong) has stopped Judgement Day and Skynet never happened. Unfortunately, the war between machines and humans are inevitable and a new threat has emerged. A lone warrior from the future name Grace (Mackenzie Davis) has been sent back to our time to protect our new savior named Dani (Natalia Reyes) from the new evil time travel Terminator (Gabriel Luna). With the help of Sarah and T-800/Carl (Arnold Schwarzenegger), Grace must figure a way to keep Dani alive and kill the more advanced Terminator. That’s basically the story, there’s nothing new here, if you’ve seen the previous Terminator films then you know how it goes. Lots of big chases and shootouts and machine hand to hand combats.
According to Cameron, we’re supposed to ignore the last three films, and this is a true sequel to Judgement Day. I didn’t care for the last three films and was curious as to what kind of story he came up with. Well as it turned out, there’s not much here that we haven’t seen before. It’s same storyline, there’s no creativity or any sort of effort in trying to create anything that resembles originality. I’m not a fan of McG’s Terminator Salvation but at least that film tried to come up with something new and move story forward to new territory. Here Cameron and his writers just rehashed the same tired storyline from the previous films and updated with new characters. It’s quite surprising how lazy script was to me.
Director Tim Miller didn’t help much with his lackluster directing skills. He basically tried to mimic Cameron’s style and he failed on every level. The action scenes were huge but lack any excitement and I’ll say it again, it lacked creativity. Miller’s background is in art direction and design and the film looked great. But he’s not a good film director, he’s one of those Hollywood directors that can shoot beautiful shots but can’t put scenes together to make a compelling story.
The only thing that saved this from being a complete disaster are the actors. It’s great seeing Linda Hamilton back as Sarah Connor and Arnold can play The Terminator role in his sleep. Just like the last film, he’s basically the comic sidekick. Mackenzie Davis is becoming one of my favorite actresses in Hollywood. She’s great here as the new action hero and she even able to deliver some corny lines with believability. I’ve never seen Natalia Reyes in anything before but she held her own against the more veteran actors. As for Gabriel Luna, well he didn’t have much to do except to look like an evil Terminator, basically he’s similar to Robert Patrick’s T-1000 in T2.
I’ve said in my review of the last film Terminator Genisys that this franchise needs to be terminated and I stand by that statement. There’s nothing new or exciting in this latest sequel and I would be happy to never see another Terminator film in the future.
So have you seen Terminator: Dark Fate? Well, what did you think?
…Download free-response questions from previous exams along with scoring tips, pattern responses from examination takers, and scoring distributions. The multiple-choice part of the examination comprises 45% of your complete exam rating; the three essays, or free-response section, comprise the other 55%. Each essay, then, is value about 18% of your grade. The up to date AP English Literature and Composition framework included within the course and exam description outlines distinct abilities that students ought to observe throughout the year—skills that can assist them study to learn texts critically.
A thesis is a particular should in an introduction; no introduction irrespective of how long or short is full with out one. Brian Sztabnik coaches his college students to include the TAG – title, writer, and style – for some context. Kristin Runyon uses FATT – focus, author, text sort, title – to provide context. The introduction needs to be a place for college students to use sturdy language with particular consideration to verbs which may showcase student voice. Lastly, an introduction should embody some kind of huge image idea making an announcement about humanity and solutions the So What questions which college students often save for the conclusion.
Only 7.6% of AP® English Literature students scored a 5, in 2016. Observe this AP® English Literature examine plan to improve your possibilities of a potential 5 on this year’s take a look at. Included herein are finest practices for studying, follow exams, and tips on writing extraordinary essays.
In Hamlet, Hamlet had a whole lot of problems. Hamlet’s problems include issues together with his household, together with his mom Gertrude, his new father Claudius and his sister Ophelia. Hamlet’s problems are that he thinks his mom married his new father too quick after his original father died and in addition that he’s in love along with his sister.
The thesis belongs close to the top of the introductory paragraph. Shakespeare uses the character of Hamlet how uncover the advanced theme evaluation revenge and how it at all times leads to tragedy. In giving background information, it ideas most interesting to make it informative and catchy. Comparable analysis titles, essay introductions are a way of grabbing consideration. Introduction Example: Throughout the time of Shakespeare, revenge define have been quite common. A literary commits murder; resume templates free phrase doc protagonist is a relative of the murdered man, and embarks on a quest for revenge; he succeeds nevertheless destroys himself within the course of. The plot analysis Hamlet revolves across the activity assigned to Hamlet essay who he believes is the define of his murdered father. Earlier than performing his accountability, Hamlet asks himself ethical questions referring to how nature of revenge.
After all, this rule also works in reverse: if you want to argue, for example, that T. S. Eliot’ s The Waste Land is overwhelmingly inspired by the poet’s unhappy marriage to his first wife, then using a good biographical supply is smart – however if you happen to did not present evidence for this idea from the poem itself (see level 2), all you’ve received is a obscure, normal hyperlink between the poet’s life and his work. Show how the poet’s marriage is mirrored in the work, e.g. via men and women’s relationships all through the poem being shown as empty, soulless, and sad. In different phrases, when getting down to write an excellent English essay about any textual content, don’t be afraid to pile on the proof – though be wise, a handful of quotations or examples must be greater than enough to make your level convincing.
Compared – No-Fuss Products In literature essay samples
Discover ways to annotate an AP Literature prose passage and write a prose essay step-by-step! This video makes use of an actual passage and immediate from a past AP examination. On this video, I will present you methods to save lots of time while writing, literary devices to investigate, and annotation strategies. This video additionally includes a sample thesis and specific tips on what to put in writing for each paragraph of your essay.
Quick Systems Of literature essay samples – Some Thoughts
This essay gives an accurate, however relatively one-dimensional, dialogue of Hamlet’s relationships with Gertrude and Claudius, and how they have an effect on his present of insanity. However the discussion doesn’t go deeper than some properly summarized plot points and it by no means digs into Ophelia’s madness, which is a serious a part of the theme all through the play.
Systems In literature essay examples – Straightforward Advice
19. Do not merely skim to level out literary devices. (I used to say — Don’t Where’s Waldo the system” however this can be a copy write challenge.) Zoom deep into the textual content to establish the device, clarify intimately how the system is functioning and then zoom out to explain the way it works to support the passage as a whole and how it connects to the common human condition. This means the difference between writing a school level paper and writing a high school degree paper. Thanks for the tip from Jodi G. from Saugus High. Thanks for the tip from Erin M. at Mercy County Senior Excessive.
The mid-vary sample additionally cites particular details: the words Elizabeth modifications (fay” for succeed”) for her father. These details are purported to assist the point that class difference causes battle between the two. Nonetheless, the writer leaves it to the reader to make the connection between class, expectations, and phrase choices. The example of the phrases Elizabeth eliminates from her vocabulary doesn’t beowulf symbols illustrate the writer’s point of class conflict. In reality, the category difference as the reason for their difficulties is never explicitly said. As an alternative, the author makes general, unsupported statements about Hardy’s focus on the language difference without saying why Hardy does that.
three. Provide a number of items of evidence where potential. Many essays have some extent to make and make it, tacking on a single piece of proof from the textual content (or from beyond the textual content, e.g. a vital, historical, or biographical supply) within the hope that this can be sufficient to make the point convincing. ‘State, quote, explain’ is the Holy Trinity of the Paragraph for many. What’s improper with it? For one thing, this approach is too formulaic and fundamental for many arguments. Is one citation sufficient to help some extent? It’s usually a matter of degree, and although one piece of proof is healthier than none, two or three items will probably be even more persuasive. In spite of everything, in a court docket of legislation a single eyewitness account will not be sufficient to convict the accused of the crime, and even a confession from the accused would carry more weight if it comes supported by other, objective proof (e.g. DNA, fingerprints, and so forth).
-
-
-JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Add to Cart
There are no products matching the selection.
Sign up today for FREE and be the first to get notified on new updates and the latest stock.title: Library of Babel
date: Nov 09, 2021
tags: Writeups DamCTF CTF_review Pwn Malware Misc Reverse Web EC2_2021 CheatSheets SQLi Programming Nmap Tools PyJails HeroCTF_v3 Steganography
72 solves / 462 points Legend has it there is a secret somewhere in this library. Unfortunately, all of our Babel Fishes have gotten lost and the books are full of junk. Note: You do not need a copy of Minecraft to play this challenge. The flag is in standard flag format. Author: WholeWheatBagels
This challenge was based on the Babel library. The objective was to find a flag inside one of an insane number of books based on a Minecraft world. Obviously, it is impossible to read them all in time and get the flag. So, we had to find a way to parse .mca files that contain minecraft's chunks information to extract all the book's content and grep the flag.
For this challenge, I tried a lot of tools, but I didn't find one that makes the job. Thereby, I choised to use the "ansil-parser" python library to make it. The problem ? This lib has no documentation and I had to understand how does it works by my own. So, I had to roll up my sleeves and use python's introspection function to learn how does it works!
# Import .mca file region = anvil.Region.from_file(absolutePath) # Select a specific chunk (regions are 32x32 chunks size) chunk = anvil.Chunk.from_region(region, x, y) # List chunk informations: chunk.data OUTPUT: {TAG_String('Status'): full, TAG_Int('zPos'): 4, TAG_Long('LastUpdate'): 198515, TAG_Int_Array('Biomes'): [1024 int(s)], TAG_Long('InhabitedTime'): 94595, TAG_Int('xPos'): -14, TAG_Compound('Heightmaps'): {4 Entries}, TAG_List('TileEntities'): [3 TAG_Compound(s)], TAG_Byte('isLightOn'): 1, TAG_List('TileTicks'): [0 _TAG_End(s)], TAG_List('Sections'): [9 TAG_Compound(s)], TAG_List('PostProcessing'): [16 TAG_List(s)], TAG_Compound('Structures'): {2 Entries}, TAG_List('LiquidTicks'): [0 _TAG_End(s)]} # Get chunk TileEntities (TileEntities are like simplified Entities that are bound to a Block.) chunk.data.get('TileEntities') # Select the Book object if insine the block chunk.data.get('TileEntities')[0].get('Book') # Get book information chunk.data.get('TileEntities')[0].get('Book').get('tag') OUTPUT: {TAG_String('filtered_title'): test book, TAG_List('pages'): [10 TAG_String(s)], TAG_String('title'): test book, TAG_String('author'): WholeWheatBagels, TAG_Byte('resolved'): 1} # Get all pages in a list chunk.data.get('TileEntities')[0].get('Book').get('tag').get('pages')
After taking a little hour, I finally succeeded to understand how to dump all book's content of one .mca file! Let's loop on all of them:
from json import loads import anvil import os library = os.listdir(".") for elt in library: if ".mca" in elt: absolutePath = os.path.join(os.path.abspath("."), elt) region = anvil.Region.from_file(absolutePath) for chunk_x in range(32): for chunk_y in range(32): try: chunk = anvil.Chunk.from_region(region, chunk_x, chunk_y) chunk.data.get('TileEntities')[0].get('Book') except: continue TitleEntities = chunk.data.get('TileEntities') for book_n in range(len(TitleEntities)): try: book = chunk.data.get('TileEntities')[book_n].get('Book').get('tag') except: continue title = book.get('title') filtered_title = book.get('filtered_title') author = book.get('author') pages = book.get('pages') for page_n in range(len(pages)): page = loads(str(pages[page_n]))['text'] print(page)
Using a simple grep command on the output and tada the flag appears! 🎉
Flag: dam{b@B3l5-b@bBL3}Please choose package
Premium
Unmetered download Torrent downloader/ Seedbox Remote Upload Remote Download Web Video Streaming Filehost downloader Support FTP, SFTP, RPC
Select plan
$2.15 /mo
Rookie
$3.95 /mo
Beginner
$5.95 /mo
HOT Basic
$10.95 /mo
Premium
$14.95 /mo
Professional
... upgrade later, create an account for free, with 4GB of storage.
or
register using social media.
(Facebook, Google, Twitter, Linkedin)
TORRENT DOWNLOADER
It’s not that hard to use seedbox...
Download files quickly & easily to our cloud.
Convert torrent file to direct HTTP/HTTPS link with high speed. We improve how seedbox works, we add the most needed features, we redefined everything to be used by the most average user on the internet. If you are still a beginner, here is for you to start. Whatever level you are, you are in the right place. Cheap, Budget, Yet Still Fast, Unlimited, Reliable SeedBox.
REMOTE DOWNLOAD
Download Files From Internet To Your My Drive.
Get copies of any public files on the internet. Download any HTTP/ HTTPS file URL to your My Drive without downloading them to your device, or just save it to your My Drive so you can download it later. Owning a file has never been faster than this.
REMOTE UPLOAD
Upload Without Hassle
We have a special tool for you. You do not need to download files to your device to upload them to your cloud provider. Using our service, in just a few clicks, your files are ready in your cloud! Simply remote upload your precious files into multiple choice of remote/ cloud providers such as Google Drive, OneDrive, Dropbox, Mega.nz or to any FTP connection through our service.
Colin has been nothing but accommodating, responsive and action orientated. Appreciate everything he has done for us.
Respondent had no comments.
They were very communicative and hands on
Respondent had no comments.
This home buying experience has been a complete nightmare. From the sales office all the way through closing. Nothing but broken promises. We have been in our new home for 6 weeks and we have so many problems that they do not want to fix. They act like they are the victims as to why they build crappy homes.
Overall the experience was great. Chad has been very helpful
Respondent had no comments.
Respondent had no comments.
The framing on our house had to be redone after we noticed problems with it. Every step of the way we had problems.
Even though I am glad and grateful that our was built in less than 6 months, I feel that Meritage and their vendors rushed the closing of our home and for such a small house there was waaayyy too many mistakes and little details wrong in the house and throughout the property. Some we decided to let slide like dings on appliances and my wife even touched up paint that the painters missed. But there were items marked on our 1st walk through such as the kitchen cabinets needed adjustments, that were not corrected when we moved in and it took several weeks to be corrected and it was not even corrected by the cabinet company, but by the construction manager, after we were stood up multiple times by the cabinet company. Also since we closed 7 weeks ago we have had several issues that have been found that need to be resolved and we have been in contact with the gentleman assigned to our walk through by Meritage Mr. Pedro who appears to be making every effort to be in contact with the trades that are supposed to be coming and we have been stood up at least 4 to 5 times. Pedro had been great in keeping contact with us but recently he was moved twice to different communities and unfortunately the contact has not been the same. Now I have to say that some trades have made it to complete some of the issues, not when they were scheduled to but on a later date, but I am grateful they did come. But it is completely unprofessional for a large company like Meritage Homes and or it's vendors to not keep their word on their scheduled repairs. I have been informed by Pedro and his manager that do to covid many trades are behind so my wife and I have been understanding to that situation and we have been extremely patient but there is only so many times that your builder schedules repairs and the trades pull a no call and no show on appointments before you loose patience. This may land on deaf ears but I truly hope that Meritage will back up there motos on their website that they build at a higher standard so that their customers can live with peace of mind. Lastly I want to say that this is my 3rd new construction home and none of the previous 2 homes that I had bought from William had anywhere near as many defects as this home and they always showed up on the scheduled date and times to correct the few items.DC Srinagar chairs meeting
Srinagar: District Disaster Management Authority, Srinagar has put in place arrangements as per ICMR guidelines pursuant to foreign travellers testing positive for COVID on arrival at Srinagar which includes institutional quarantine and other logistics arrangements. Guidelines have been notified for COVID containment in view of new cases.
Chairman District Health Society and DDMA chaired a meeting to finalise arrangements to be put in place as per India’s Ministry of Health and Family Welfare guidelines issued on 1st January 2021. Addl Commissioner, Kashmir Dr Srikant Suse, Addl Deputy Commissioners Dr Syed Hanief Balkhi, Syed Khursheed Ahmed and Harvinder Singh, Divisional Nodal officer Dr Talat, HoD SPM Dr Saleem Khan, CMO Dr Jahangir Bakhshi, Epidemiologist Dr Tasadunq Shafi and other officers attended the meeting.
District Administration in coordination with the Department of Health has earmarked institutional quarantine and healthcare arrangements for contacts of COVID travellers as per guidelines issued by the Ministry. Meanwhile, UK travellers testing positive for COVID are admitted for hospital isolation. It was informed that contrary to some reports appearing in media two cases of foreign travellers tested positive are yet to be confirmed for UK strain as the samples have to be sent to and tested at Indian SARS-CoV-2 Genomics Consortium (INSACOG) Lab for genome study. A total of 21 passengers travelling from the UK have been tested so far and two cases testing positive for COVID have travelled from Italy and the UK respectively. Meanwhile, robust public health Surveillance and contact tracing have been initiated for the same. The Covid Positive patients have been shifted in Hospital Isolation and their contacts are identified and are being quarantined for observation and to be tested accordingly.
DC Srinagar emphasised that in view of research and studies about COVID variant strains still at early or emerging state precautions shall be taken for all foreign travellers to avoid any risk to the local population. Logistic and infrastructure support is accordingly extended to the health department.
As per the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, if the report of sequencing is inconsistent with the current SARS-CoV-2 virus genome circulating in the country, the ongoing treatment protocol including home isolation/treatment at facility as per case severity is to be followed. In conformed cases of genomic sequencing indicative of new SARS-Cov-2 variants the patients will continue in a separate isolation unit and shall be tested on 14th day. Hospitals have been notified by the Government already.
DDMA has put in place required arrangements in view of fresh guidelines of ministry in view of returnees from the UK and European countries. Meanwhile, a public appeal has been issued for ensuing COVID containment SOPs including wearing masks mandatory at public places, maintaining physical distance and personal hygiene. It is pertinent to mention here that as per provisions of DM act the district administration has authorised officers including Magistrates, Police officers, Medical officer, SMC officers and others under the Act for imposing and recovering fine.
Free Press Kashmir is now on Telegram. Click here to Join.
FPK Android App for 2G. Click here to Download.17 August 2021
ASOS go for gold with ParalympicsGB
With the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games a week away, we can reveal the ParalympicsGB opening and closing ceremony wear by our partners ASOS.
The focus this year is on what it means to be *extra* and how each athlete goes the extra mile in everything they do.
Amy Conroy in her ceremony wear
Third time’s a charm
This is our third time working together on a Paralympic Games, ASOS having also kitted out the team for both the Rio 2016 and PyeongChang 2018 Games. For each Games, design teams have created three outfits for the team: one each for the opening and closing ceremonies, and one formal outfit for official events in the UK.
Inclusivity at the heart
Working with ParalympicsGB over the past six years has been so important to teaching ASOS design teams about creating fashion that’s accessible to all – a fundamental part of their purpose is to give people the confidence to be whoever they want to be. Most importantly, the outfits must reflect the diversity of ParalympicsGB team. Making sure that the garments are suitable for all ages, sizes and body types is key, and each piece has been designed with adaptability front of mind.
Thinking responsibly
All the cotton used in the Tokyo 2020 collection has been sourced through the Better Cotton Initiative; the ceremony jackets are made from recycled polyester certified by the Global Recycling Standard (GRS); and the suits are created using Responsible Wool Standard (RWS) wool and a recycled polyester lining.
Going for gold-standard
Finally (as this is the Paralympic Games after all), the outfits must be worthy of a champion team. Design teams carefully construct every single piece in our collections to make sure they reflect the very latest trends and represent the values of ParalympicsGB – talent, pride and determination.
Join the ParalympicsGB movement
Join
The ParalympicsGB movement
We may include relevant updates from our trusted partners, but will never sell your data on. We take your privacy seriously and you can opt out at any time Privacy PolicyAttendees:
Winnipeg Area Council
Annual General Meeting Minutes
PSAC Regional Office
175 Hargrave Street
Wednesday February 24, 2016
Attendees:
1. Call to order at 5:45 p.m.
2. Round Table Introductions
3. PSAC Statement on Harassment agreed to by all
4. Adoption of agenda – Steven requested that the elections (#12) be moved up to #7 (as there are those that need to leave early). This was agreed to.
Gloria moved
Darlene seconded the motion
All in favour
5. Adoption of Minutes
February 25, 2915 AGM
Add Gloria’s first name, add Matt Tijani as an attendee, in #10 change Greg’s last name and Tania’s name.
Moved by Lorelei
Seconded by Steven
All in favour
April 20, 2015
Moved by Darlene
Seconded by Lorelei
All in favour
May 25, 2015
Add Chris Little-Gagne’s name as an attendee, correct Frank Janz’s name
Moved by Frank
Seconded by Chris
All in favour
June 8, 2015
Moved by Darlene
Seconded by Dawn
All in favour
6. President’s Report by Gus (distributed)
– Gus wanted to add in a note about our support of the Manitoba Energy Justice Coalition against the Energy East project.
– Recommendation to not do the Red River Ex this year, not enough bang for our buck, not enough volunteers (or a few volunteers doing more than their fair share), and the staff end up picking up the slack.
Gus moved that his report be accepted, Steven seconded it, all in favour.
7. Treasurer’s Report – 2015 Financial Statement and 2016 Budget
– Gloria asked about the $2,100 left in the SJF – Chris thought we were going to buy garden boxes, etc for Ndinawe – yes.
Lorelei moved that the report be accepted, Darlene seconded, all in favour.
There was discussion about the 2016 budget and it has been added to the next meeting’s agenda to finalize as we have to have it submitted before March 15, 2016 or we will not receive any funds.
Tracy suggested that we start looking for someone to audit our finances.
8. Elections
Gus turned the floor over to Tracy to run the elections.
For the position of President:
Steven nominated Gus
Gloria Seconded
There were no more nominations. Gus accepted the position.
For the position of Vice-President:
Gus nominated Greg
Lorelei seconded
There were no more nominations. Greg accepted the position.
For the position of Secretary:
Greg nominated Tracey Grove (not in attendance but Tracy Thor confirmed the text showing her interest)
Steven seconded
Darlene nominated Dawn
Yvonne seconded
Voting by secret ballet was done. Tracy is the new Secretary.
For the position of Treasurer:
Gloria nominated Lorelei
Steven seconded
There were no more nominations. Lorelei accepted the position.
There was a motion and a seconder to have the ballets destroyed, all were in favour.
Tracy Thor swore in the new executive that was in attendance.
9. PRC Report post-poned to next meeting
10. Lobby Reports
– Gus still waiting for an appointment with Candice Bergen
– Jamie has contacted 2 but nothing concrete
– Frank has been making contact and has some meetings in the works
– Chris, Lorelei, & Gloria have calls in to their people
– Darlene tried to attend a meeting in her building but her membership was outdated so she was not allowed to attend
– Yvonne (Dan Vandal) said she’d leave it up to Frank and Matt
– Gregg, Daniel Blaikie was receptive to a meeting (for an hour rather than the ½ hour that was booked), follow-up meeting planned
Gloria related her experience of presenting information to a hearing on Bill 8.
11. Political Actions
We have to be cognisant of the rules and regulations with regard to anything we do about the upcoming provincial election (i.e. $5,000 limit includes our potential mail-out). Matthew Brent (the new Jeffrey) is doing research on this.
Greg – other places are doing pancake breakfasts, why don’t we invite the MP’s to come and meet us – the activists – have coffee and donuts.
Gus mentioned having something here, but the logistics of it are difficult, i.e. after-hour access (access cards), but it’s doable if we really want to try it.
Gloria – we have political action money, right? Yes.
12. Old Business
There had been a request for a list of trained members on PSST (sorry, missed what this was). Gus sent Marianne an e-mail, she was concerned about privacy, components toes being stepped on, etc.
Gloria’s component has hired a lawyer to look after these complaints (they are extremely onerous).
Frank said he used to do them for a number of different components, but that they can take years to complete. Frank waxed eloquently on this subject.
13. The executive were sworn in.
14. Social Justice Fund
– Ndinawe has received the kitchen equipment and is using it
– Chris – we had talked about buying the blue bins and seeds?
– Gloria – the cook said the fresh food would be awesome
– Chris – the push to show the kids the growing of food and then the kids have more of a connection to fresh food
– Gloria – in the fall they can toss the dirt in the yards and pack the bins away until the spring
Gus and Gloria to follow-up.
15. Bargaining Update
– The Mint is signing
– The 4 groups with Treasury Board met in February and will be meeting again in March, nothing new to report
– Parks last met in the fall
– Statistics have had bargaining conference
– UTE – nothing new
– CAHRD has concessions on the table
16. Prairie Regional Convention will be April 21st to 23rd, 2017.
17. Next meeting will be Wednesday, March 9th as we must submit the budget before Marhc 15th.
18. Adjourned at 7:15Looking at old photos today… translating old recipes from my mum’s cook book… even writing letters myself. Not a bad way to pass time while being locked into the house.
And it brings this haiku in mind:
Written letters, yes
not coloured leaves raked up
burned after reading
(Matsuo Basho)'Blue
Vistas 15 M
Vistas 134 M
Vistas 464 mil
Vistas 309 M
Vistas 85 M
Vistas 464 mil
Vistas 4,5 M
Vistas 1,5 M
Vistas 932 mil
Comentarios: 11 856
Samuel Barlow
I thought you might like this :) 13 horas
Mr Trashy
U r 9 💕Hace 16 horas
Raven Winchester
Why lana gotta make music that resonates with me so much.Hace 17 horas
Luiza Ma
No. Just no...Hace 17 horas
Kilian Häußler
So ein dreck songHace 18 horas
Ana
Nfr vibessHace 18 horas
Lily Alien
BLUE BANISTERSHace 22 horas
Khalilur Rahman
Lana is too good for the ScammysHace un día
GSERIES TV
You decided to export the video in log? BRAW?Hace un día
Peter M.
What's with the disgusting, low contrast cinematography? EWW!!!!!Hace un día
Kösem Anastasia Özkan paintHace un día
Sile
I'm a bit confused. 🤔 Aren't her girls supposed to paint the banisters green and grey?Hace un día
Sikarin Armart
❤🇹🇭Hace un día
Rigoberto A Perez Franco
Masterpice queen 👑Hace un día
Le Parti Florentin.
Je t'aime, Lana Del Rey . Mystar ❤❤Hace un día
Enrique
Where is the 11 M?Hace 2 días
Cpremi️Hace 2 días
Clara Lund
I never felt guilty .. instead I just wished away the misery while listening to Lana she has pulled me thru my darkest timesHace un día
Endimione17
someone forgot to grade this ;-)Hace 2 días
Hugo Cardoso Dos Santos
Were is the color grading?Hace 2 días
Amos Brantley
I'm twisting twirling and swirling in whirlpools of dreams up and down swift flowing currents afloat drifting in this senuouse meandering river of existence in beautiful motions. I love this song and Oklahoma great job !!! Cowgirl!!!!Hace 2 días
Camer Andrio
Subrosareloaded...Hace 3 días
WarpedTrekker
This is a joke right? Flat log footage straight out of the camera? Hire a Colorist to fix this issue.Hace 3 días
Diana Kerberas
Me encanta Lana, pero parece tamalito enrollado con ese vestido amarilloHace 3 días
Jim Robinson.Hace 3 días
Solid Content..Hace 3 días
Paul S
Did they run out of budget for color grading?Hace 3 días
Rexomus Prime
Shot in RAW and not color corrected or graded. Why?Hace 3 días
Borja Campillo
Absolutamente vergonzoso. The production team and client of this video should be ashamed… releasing a log video like that. Shame. No, it is not style, it is not something new…. It is an ungraded no color log video.Hace 3 días
elliot lepage
Did the colorist die before exporting ? Good song anywayHace 3 días
Wellington José
Visual MasterpieceHace 3 días
Billy J. Causey, Video Guy
looks like someone forgot to linearize the footage.Hace 3 días
Iced Latte
Why this video isn't color graded ?Hace 3 días
Scotoma Video
Producer: Lana wants a video. Cinematographer: Alright. My rate is $1500 a day. Producer: The other guy said he'd do it for $400. Cinematographer: That's crazy. I'm out. The Other Guy: Say no more.Hace 3 días
Walter Stockdale
Another great one Been convinced all along Not waiting for the next but it will come All that's left is still ahead it's bitter sweet because it's bestHace 3 días
Hugh Chaloner
The colour grading in this is really terrible. Cmon management, this is just ungraded log footage, you can do way better for Lana.Hace 3 días
RNLD
Forgot to turn on the color grading? 😂Hace 3 días
Guillermo Etc
The classic situation when the colorist forgets to turn on Color correction before exporting and then someone says: I LOVE IT, LEAVE IT LIKE THIS, YOURE A GENIUSHace 3 días
Me
Please release out me in a movie my soul is crying for itHace 3 días
TRIP STTR
You all forgot to hire someone to color grade the videoHace 3 días
PolyRev
No budget for a coloristHace 3 días
rajesh ramachandran
A free raw footage for editing practice!Hace 3 días
Richard Long
A LUT would have been interesting..... still I guess the VT without it - is the point.....Hace 3 días
The DOE BO RICH SHOW
BeautifulHace 3 días
Rene1701 R. A
blue banisters is masterpiece like norman f....rockwell.best albums from last century 😍Hace 3 días
Juan Manuel Favila Delgado
Lana del Rey demuestra su gran talento una vez más, esta canción tan sencilla como hermosa.Hace 4 días
Tremblay JT
xxxHace 4 días
Elder
Amo los videos feos de ChukHace 4 días
sayyadinajaa
te-ai ingrasat mai fata ! :)Hace 4 días
niaanig
Aquí haciéndole stream 🧎🏻♀️🙌🏼Hace 5 días
lilymellow
This song makes me cry. It’s so beautiful. I relate so much. Bravo Lana xxxHace 5 días
emy gay
cu mano, cadê os br?Hace 5 días
Ayşegül
💍Hace 5 días
R zeko
This video, for me, is the future I'll never know...Hace 5 días
HMG HMG
It’s evident that life has given her some hard punches. She has turned her pain into art.Hace 6 días
Mabooze
Lana del ReY... phenomen of vocal voice... superbly superb........Hace 6 días
Dorah Nájera Del Rey
Te amo te amo te amo te amo, por mucho eres la mejor artista de mi generación ❤️❤️🔥Hace 7 días
Alex ♡
lana t amoHace 7 días
Bitta-Sweet JP
Jenny handed the beer. There is no JohnnyHace 7 días
Sebas :)
We need more videos of blue bannistersHace 7 días
Daniel Młynarczyk
Makes me wanna be one of her sisters and paint her banisters...Hace 7 días
joão
why are they painting the banisters blue? shouldn't be green or grey? confusedHace 8 días
digital grl
This songs so soothingHace 8 días
Papa Legba
I think Lana is missing old days like most of us 🥺Hace 8 días
Berkay Şentürk
I like how with every album she gets closer to god.Hace 8 días
Tefff dF
😭😭😭😭🤟🏻💔Hace 8 días
D Clark
This song is beautifully sad. Wow. I love her music so much.Hace 8 días
Samuel Alejandro Abarca Baltazar
Dope track. 💙🚜 🕊️👠⚡✊🏼🌉🗽🇺🇸Hace 8 días
Elif
Que bonita lanaHace 9 días
Laura Orts
🛐.Hace 9 días
Danny Dalby
Singing of fear of California fires....only Lana....no other artist has ever mentioned this. Brilliant.Hace 9 días
Joshua Zain Newman
I absolutely LOVE ITHace 9 días
MOHASAL MEDEH
If this song don't get grammy i will throw some hands cuz this is artHace 9 días
Astrid Luna
We love you Lana 👸💕💕Hace 9 días
nunyu buz
She might be my spirit animal...Hace 10 días
breisoverparty
I'm analyzing this song for a Ela project and I never realized just how amazing it wasHace 10 días
Andrew Davison
Masterpiece, best song on the albumHace 10 días
Nick Kasander
i really want Lana to star in a film. she has a face with so much emotion and sadness and joyHace 10 días
Herr EISENHEIM
but the banisters was all painted or was it just for video?Hace 10 días
Zip Talia
she seems a bit uncomfortable at times and maybe that's just her personality? (which is totally understandable - & who could blame her, right?) i hope she realizes that God has blessed each of us in so many ways. she is super bright and insanely talented with the voice of an angel - she's also very beautiful as well and no one expects her to ever have to be "perfect" - as that is bs - it's a "mirage" a "fallacy" - that only exists in phony ass hollyweird. hope she knows that and knows that people appreciate her art for the incredible beauty that it possesses. she doesn't need to be uncomfortable. NOBODY is perfect. we are all just regular people. we all put our pants on the same way. we are all flawed creatures made in the image of God. it's all good sister. keep on doing you regardless of what people think. there's an old saying that goes: "i used to care what people think of me... until i realized how little they do" - how true.Hace 10 días
vin karume
I absolutely love the subtle glances and moments in reveries that she shares with the camera...with me, the viewer. Letting me see what she is not showing to her friends as if she knows the secret is safe.Hace 10 días
Rabiha Maslah
✊Hace 10 días
bennnyyy Lol
this album better get a grammy.Hace 10 días
Gabriel
MaravilhosaHace 10 días
The Red Pill Media
I guess they ran out of budget by the time this video was meant to get color graded. Fifty shades of grey it is then.Hace 11 días
Island Erin
Chills. I love you mamasHace 11 días
Jose ESPINOLA
🥺Me hizo llorar esta música 🎶😭Hace 11 días
Le Ei
Luv uHace 11 días
Le Ei
🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍Hace 11 días
Le Ei
🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎Hace 11 días
Le Ei
تجننين 🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎🤎Hace 11 días
lalalaism1
This was an odd and interesting video. Her facial expressions change so quickly. It’s hard to tell if it’s candid or acting for the theme of the video.Hace 11 días
Agustina Mansur
Wow! It's amazing how there's simplicity and beauty in this video at the same time 💙 it reminds me of Alice in Wonderland🎁🌼Hace 12 días
zefiro
Lana ❤Hace 12 días
Eary Jerr
Just enough with the vocal,she literally no need a very awesome video and such. This is Artist we need in this eraHace 12 días
🌿Basil with an ill🤒
Came from a meech da peech videoHace 12 días
Butter Wine
Fuck a grammy. This album needs an oscarnobelprizepresidentialmedalofhonorHace 12 días
Butter Wine
YesHace 12 días
J Hurtado
Lana embodies bittersweetness in her music like no other artist. Truly beautifulHace 12 días
John Vanderlip
Such a mesmerizing song. One of her finest.Hace 12 díasPlaying on BBS Radio between talk shows
Artist or Band Name
Mark Peters and The Dark Band
Born in South London, Mark is a singer songwriter whose distinctive style and technique draws not only from classical and contemporary folk music but also from the genres of jazz and blues. Songs of soul, depth and creativity ensure that this is songwriti
Website
SoundCloudHow do teachers balance directives and edicts when they don't seem to be what is best for students?
Veteran math teacher Barry Garelick grapples with this issue in the process of becoming a fully credentialed teacher.ité-style glimpse into the daily routines of math teaching and exposes a lot of the nonsense that teachers are advised to follow, and which they feel guilty about when they don't.
About the Author
Barry Garelick is a second-career math teacher in California. He has written articles on math education that have appeared in the Atlantic, Nonpartisan Education Review, Education Next, Education News and AMS Notices. He is also the author of three books on math education. He blogs at.
For discussion questions written by the author that will guide your shared reading of "Out on Good Behavior," email gmorrison@johncatt.com.GASTRORREXIS- Grotesque Human Disfigurement CD on Sevared Rec.
$ 10.00
Sevared Records is very proud to announce the signing of the most Brutal Ultra Guttural Slamming Blasting Death Metal band from Ecuador!!! Fucking Sick Debut CD. For fans of Vulvectomy, Cephalotripsy, Goratory, Devourment, Defeated Sanity etc.. This will crush your head in! GET THIS NOW!!
Share this item:Birdman
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Is it even real?
A Dutch engineer claims to have flown using home-made wings - but we're not sure if it's real or just a hoax.
James Smates says he got the idea from his grandfather's sketches and the famous artist Leonardo da Vinci's wing drawings.
Watch the video above and make your own mind up.Prologue
Bought this for my nephew's 1st birthday and he loved it. The splash pad was just big enough the 4 kids (ages 1, 2, 5 and 7) who were there could play without being on top of each other but small enough the center filled up rather quickly creating a shallow pool. The ring around the outside had small holes where the water would shoot up at different heights based on how far we opened the hose spigot. It was easy to empty out when they were done. Overall a great purchase for the price even though the connector on the pad to connect to the hose was weak and the hose disconnected a few times when one of the kiddos would kick it. I could see where this could become an issue in the future. The Best Banzai 54in-Diameter Sprinkle and Splash Play Mat as-of ( Nov 2021 ) | Banzai-Toys And Games Review Featured Banzai 54in-Diameter Sprinkle and Splash Play Mat 54" diameter water-filled sprinkler mat. Little ones will love to play in the gentle sprinkles and sprays. Easily attaches to any garden hose. Recommended for ages 18 months+. Durable pvc construction .
Banzai 54in-Diameter Sprinkle and Splash Play Mat Review (14663)
We bought this play mat for our 14 month old because it gets so hot here in the summer. We've used it a couple times so far and really like it. I expected the middle area where you can stand or sit to be slippery because it's wet, but that's not the case and i'm so glad! it is definitely smaller in person than their packaging suggests, but the size works just fine for us. Other customers have written about their mats getting holes after a few uses - we put a tarp down under ours so nothing can penetrate the plastic from underneath. . The only thing i wish was different is the outside ring. Once it completely fills with water it's a couple inches high and there's nowhere for the water in the center to exit the play mat. It would be nice if the ring had small channels of some sort to allow water to exit. Once the water is sitting in the middle it starts to cover the holes and the water stops squirting out. If you have a yard with just a tiny bit of an incline use it to your advantage so the water will "drain" on its own and you don't have to splash a bunch out to enjoy the sprinkles. -
D. McCarthy
- Rank: Toy
- Brand: Banzai
- Color: Blue, Yellow
- EAN: 0885221282578
- Genre: Entertainment
- Product Dimensions:
- Manufacturer: Banzai
- Suggested Min-Age: 18
- MPN: 14663
- Total Items: 1
- Quantity: 1
- Part/Serial Number: 14663
- Group-Order: Toy
- Category: TOYS AND GAMES
- Product-Name: Banzai 54in-Diameter Sprinkle And Splash Play Mat
- UPC: 787799619049
Toy(787799619049:Toys And Games), Banzai 54in-diameter Sprinkle Splash Play Mat (0885221282578:Banzai), Banzai 54in-diameter sprinkle and splash play mat 54" diameter water-filled sprinkler mat little ones will love to play in the gentle sprinkles and sprays shallow pool has just enough water to make splash time fun easily attaches to any garden hose recommended for ages 18 months+ durable pvc construction the. check out banzai's website for more information: hash tag funyourself on your favorite social media using our products and win really cool prizes.. com/banzaifun don't forget to leave feedback, we strive for a++ customer service!.
Banzai 54in Diameter Sprinkle Splash Play Toy
Banzai 54in-Diameter Sprinkle and Splash Play Mat (Switch to Mobile/Desktop Version)
I actually got this for my dogs. Best thing i ever bought for them. I have 1 large dog and 2 small dogs and they all have a blast with this. They get in the middle and splash through, lay down, and even roll around. They also really enjoy the water that shoots up around the edges. They use that to drink water. After the yellow part is full i turn the water pressure down almost all the way which keeps the water flowing slowly. The dogs will run around the yard playing then go up for a quick cool down. Love love love this!Banzai 54in-diameter Sprinkle Splash Play Mat (Toys And Games)
Click to see NoticeBanzai 54in-diameter Sprinkle Splash Play Mat (14663)"Perfect little pool for my little guy! he loves it. . Aaaaand so does the dog"
Discovery Kids Inflatable Sprinkler Ball - 32 inches
Run around the giant sprinkler ball for a splashing good time, provides beach ball fun with water play right in your backyard. Four large water spouts bound to turn a hot summer day in a refreshing fun time. Attachs to any garden hose. Attaches to water hose dispenses water through four holes inflates in seconds with pump (not included) beach ball fun with water play
Discovery-Kids-Inflatable-Sprinkler-Ball
Little Tikes Wet & Dry First Slide Slip Mat
Transform your backyard into a waterpark with little tikes! when the weather gets hot, your kids can cool off in a fun way by zooming down this water slide and slip mat. When the weather gets cooler, the slide works perfectly without water, too! product features: includes a yellow little tikes first slide 10-foot sea-creature vinyl slip mat to attaches to slide hose attachment sprays water on slide and slip mat slide can be used with or without water slide folds down without tools for compact storage and moving handrails snap into place on slide ages: 2+ years
Little-Tikes-First-Slide-Slip
Hydro Twist Pipeline Sprinkler color may vary
Super size water sprinkler pipeline that spouts and blasts water from two fountains and multiple tidal force wiggle tubes. The flexible pipeline powers sky high splashes and super size outdoor fun! connect to a standard garden hose. Assorted colors.
Hydro-Twist-Pipeline-Sprinkler-color
Little Tikes Spiralin' Seas Waterpark Play Table. -Notice from B. Sandra, Washington
Click to Show little tikes spiralin' seas waterpark play table (0712007) Details.
- H. Donna!
V. Smith, Shropshire
Fire Hydrant Garden Hose Sprinkler Splash Sprays 8 Ft
A fire hydrant garden hose sprinkler that sprays water 8 feet in the air.
Hydrant-Garden-Sprinkler-Splash-Sprays
Melissa & Doug Sunny Patch Splash Patrol Sprinkler Toy.
Melissa-Doug-Splash-Patrol-Sprinkler
Melissa & Doug Sunny Patch Pretty Petals Flower Sprinkler Toy With Hose Attachment.
Melissa-Doug-Pretty-Sprinkler-Attachment
SW Express Geyser Blast Sprinkler Discontinued manufacturer
Sw express geyser blast sprinkler
Express-Geyser-Sprinkler-Discontinued-manufacturer
Little Tikes Beach Ball Sprinkler 88 Inches Colors May Vary. From the manufacturer; perfect for parties or outdoor fun. Hold the trigger for tons of bubbles to blow out. Flashing lights make this 5. 5" blower a blast day or night. Includes 5 ounces of solution. Requires four aaa batteries (not included).
Little-Tikes-Sprinkler-Inches-ColorsThe BHIM Nation President well has shown support to the call that Shatta Wale is not talented. In a conversation on Twitter, a tweep engages the official Twitter account of MTV Base in a conversation and made mention of there being a sabotage of Shatta Wale’s career in the Ghanaian music industry.
Another tweet followed that there was no sabotage of the dancehall king inna the whole Ghana but he has not talent. Stonebwoy agreeing to that tweet, quoted and added his voice to it saying “Straight Up!! Well spoken”.
Another beef brewing in the music industry on Ghana. What will Shatta Wale say when he gets to see this? Time will tell.Hello Fellow Gamers!
Welcome to our 2021 Black Friday Giveaway!!
We're giving away over $1000 of Gift Certificates to 40 lucky winners this year with our biggest Black Friday Giveaway ever!!!
Read on for all the info you need to enter and win.
Prizes!
Grand Prize - $200!!
Runner Up - $100
(2) $75 Winners!
(4) $50 Winners!
(32) $25 Winners!
How To Enter
1. Connect with GG
Follow us on Facebook or Join our Discord so you can find our daily posts.
Comment on the post to get an entry every day
Share the post on Facebook to get a bonus entry!
2. Review GG
Leave us a review on Google to get 5 bonus entries!
3. Shop at GG
Get another entry for every $20 spent online or in store between now and Thanksgiving.
Bonus Entry
You've been asking us to send out some kind of newsletter or email updates forever, and we are finally getting started this year!
Not only will you get 10 bonus entries for signing up, you'll also be the first to find out what our deals are for Black Friday AND you'll get early access to register your reservation for Pre-Black Friday Shopping.
Wait Wait Wait, hold up... Pre-Black Friday Shopping?
What's that?
Well, 2 years ago we had over 100 people in line before we even opened the doors on Black Friday! To mitigate the chaos (and to preserve social distancing!) last year we had reservations for a limited number of people to come and shop before the store officially opened.
I think that anyone who was at Game Grid both years will agree that it was a massive improvement for all of our customers and for our staff too!
Not only did you have space to breathe and browse, when you were ready to leave you didn't have to wait in another line just to checkout!!
Of course, we also have our diehard fans who love to campout over night - and we want them to be able to continue their insane tradition as well :-)
So here's how Pre-Black Friday Shopping is going to work -
8:00am
Doors are unlocked for the first 30 people lined up out the door!
Whether you camped out overnight or you showed up at 7:55 and there was a spot left, at 8am we're letting 30 people in for 45 minutes.
And it wouldn't be Black Friday without a Door Buster!
The first 10 people in line will get a 70% off discount sticker to apply to anything (except collectible cards/singles)!
Next 10 will get a 60% off sticker!
And the last 10 will get a 50% off sticker!!
9:00am
20 Online Reservations get to shop for 20 minutes!
9:30am
20 Online Reservations get to shop for 20 minutes!
10:00am
20 Online Reservations get to shop for 20 minutes!
10:30am
20 Online Reservations get to shop for 20 minutes!
11:00am
Doors Open for Everyone!
The 10 minutes between each reservation are for us to finish checkout and sanitize the area before the next batch come in.
Don't worry, this is our BIGGEST BLACK FRIDAY EVER!
There will definitely be amazing deals everywhere, even if you aren't in the early-bird groups. :-)
So, if the idea of Pre-Black Friday Shopping appeals to you, definitely make sure that you sign up for our Email List - we'll be announcing reservations via email before anywhere else!
And you'll be the first to know all of our Black Friday Deals too :-)
(hint - it'll be even better than last year and you don't want to miss out!)
Can't wait to see you all in person next week, and good luck in the Black Friday Giveaway!!!
Final Details -
Winners will be announced Monday 11/29 at 11:00am
We will post the winners on our social media channels and attempt to contact you directly via text.WithW.
Red Mushroom table lamp .The lamp is made in Germany and has a hand-painted design.
– Crafted using non-toxic dyes.
– Easy to turn on and off with the switch.
– Perfect for their bedroom or playroom.“Tell me the facts and I’ll learn. Tell me the truth and I’ll believe. But tell me a story and it will live in my heart forever.”
Native American proverb
If ever there was a period in which stories were important, this is it! We all need that feeling of being lost in another reality from time to time and no more so than now when the world feels anything but normal.
As Walt Disney said, “That’s what storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instil hope again and again.”
Storytelling Week aims to celebrate the tradition of this ancient oral art form with its roots in every part of the world and is usually celebrated by people of all ages in places such as schools, clubs, theatres, museums and even care homes.
The Society for Storytelling provide a central hub for all kinds of events and provide suggestions and resources for all ages and settings.
Why is storytelling important?
As a teacher, I was very aware of the need to allow children time to tell stories – real life or otherwise – and always tried to keep in mind that some find it much easier than others, but that even if they need persuading, everyone has something valuable to communicate. Because time is at such a premium in the busy curriculum (and I fear because aural skills do not easily translate into tangible evidence) we feel under pressure to get children writing and recording their thoughts rather than allowing enough time for them to talk. Even as parents, how often do we give our children the time or opportunities to do this?
Communication
And yet the ability to communicate and to tell a story is an incredibly important life skill, and not just for celebrities on Graham Norton! Being able to talk fluently and with good vocabulary is crucial and can make such a difference to children’s life chances. Much of our usual daily oral communication is in single words, short phrases, or sentences, so many of us find speaking it a more prolonged way quite challenging. Telling stories is a great way to practise, improving communication skills and confidence.
Here are just a few ideas for ways in which you and your children might enjoy telling stories together:
Tell stories
- Rather than reading a story, take turns to tell them. Let children hold a book they are familiar with and encourage them to use the pictures rather than the words as prompts. Children often do this as part of learning to read, but not as often once they can read the words. The fact that they are relating the story to the book will encourage them to use language that is different from everyday speech and they will add their own interpretations to the story.
Make a story chain
- This can be done anywhere – a car journey for example, or out on a walk. One person begins a story with a sentence, the next person adds another sentence and so it goes on. Children often love it when they and people they know are included in the plot and it is very personalised! What about these for beginnings….
- “It was in the winter of 2014 when I first found out I could fly…”
- “To his complete surprise, Dylan woke up on a sandy beach with the sun beating down – this was not where he went to sleep…”
- “Once, deep, deep under the sea, lived a girl called…”
- You might even try a one-word-each story chain. How far can you get?
. Le Guin
Storytelling chair
- Allocate a chair to be your ‘storytelling chair’ and decorate it to look a bit special, perhaps by covering it with some sort of material and adding cushions! Anyone who sits in it becomes the storyteller with powers to entrance their listeners!
- Use very well-known stories and tell them together. Many children (and adults) feel more confident telling stories when they know them inside out and know exactly what comes next. Fairy tales are great for this because there is often lots of repetition, providing a hook for children. These Telling Tales Activity Cards use 10 traditional tales to encouraging storytelling.
Pie Corbett
- The author, Pie Corbett has been very influential in encouraging group storytelling. (Search the internet for his well-known re-telling of ‘Little Red Hen’. It is brilliant!) Tell your chosen story together and using the same words. Adding actions can also help the memory a great deal, as Pie Corbett demonstrates.
- Use props. Choose a few key items from your chosen story to act as memory prompts and to add interest and focus for listeners.
- Make a map of the story, again to act as a prompt. The story map might have pictures with arrows.
Use puppets
Imagine that it is a different character telling the story. Children often feel more confident telling a story using a puppet. It doesn’t have to be a real puppet. It could be a cuddly toy or perhaps a sock with a couple of eyes glued on. Set up a makeshift puppet theatre, using a cardboard box or whatever you can think of. Children love performing stories in this way.
Choose 3 random items from around the room. The storyteller must tell a short story (you might even set a time limit of 2 minutes) incorporating the 3 objects! Can they mention them all in a way that makes sense? This is a real tester of quick thinking and creativity.
“People think that stories are shaped by people. In fact it’s the other way around …”
Terry Pratchett, novelist
Everyone has at least one good story to tell and the ability to tell a great story is a wonderful skill to have. We all know people who can make us laugh or cry by relating their tales of joy, woe or even something seemingly mundane, so if at all possible, let’s tell our children about storytelling week and take part however we can.Canadian Consulate General in Denver United States of America is a strong bond of communication between Canada Government and United States of America.
Head of Mission: StÃ©phane Lessard, Consul General
For Consulate Appointment contact Canadian Consulate General in Denver
The respondents must book an appointment to visit the consular office for any service. You are advised to check out a working hour’s appointment via a phone call or email on denvr-cs@international.gc, .
Canada Consulates in United States of America may prioritize Appointment for Canada citizens or have dedicated support.
If unfortunately unable to get contact here, one should try to the Canadian Honorary Consulate in Anchorage, Canadian Embassy in Washington, Canadian Consulate General in Atlanta, Canadian Consulate General in Boston, Canadian Consulate General in Dallas, Canadian Consulate General in Detroit, Canadian Consulate General in Miami, Canadian Consulate General in Chicago, Canadian Consulate General in Los Angeles, Canadian Consulate General in Minneapolis, Canadian Consulate General in New York, Canadian Honorary Consulate in Pittsburgh, Canadian Consulate in San Diego, Canadian Consulate General in San Francisco, Canadian Consulate General in Seattle, Canadian Honorary Consulate in Tampa, Canadian Trade Office in Houston,
For your convenience here listed all other representatives of Canada located in United States of America.
Visa types granted by Canada Canadian Consulate General in Denver may be adjusted, its office working hours and other services. To confirm timing you either can visit Canadian Consulate General in Denver website or make a phone call to know about it.
Weather & Time
Fri, Nov 26, 20:23
12° C,
Broken clouds, clouds 67 %,
Wind 1.69 m/s, 1014 hpa
*Please help us to update with correct information for Canadian Consulate General in Denver, if you find this information is not correct.
Canadian Honorary Consulate in Anchorage, United States
Anchorage, AK
United States
seatl@international.gc.ca
Canadian Embassy in Washington, D.C., United States
501 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20001-2111
United States
(+1) (202) 682-1740
(+1) (202) 682-7726
washington@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Atlanta, United States
1175 Peachtree Street N.E.
100 Colony Square, Suite 1700
Atlanta, GA 30361-6205
United States
(+1) (404) 532 2000
(+1) (404) 532 2050
atnta@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Boston, United States
3 Copley Place, Suite 400
Boston, MA 02216
United States
(+1) (617) 247-5100
(+1) (617) 247-5190
bostn@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Dallas, United States
500 N. Akard Street, Suite 2900
Dallas, TX 75201
United States
(+1) (214) 922-9806
(+1) (214) 922-9815
Canadian Consulate General in Detroit, United States
600 Renaissance Center, Suite 1100
Detroit, MI 48243-1798
United States
(+1) (313) 567 2340
(+1) (313) 567 2164
dtrot@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Miami, United States
200 South Biscayne Boulevard, suite 1600
Miami, FL 33131
United States
(+1) (305) 579 1600
(+1) (305) 374 6774
miami-gr@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Chicago, United States
Two Prudential Plaza
180 North Stetson Avenue
Suite 2400
Chicago, IL 60601-6714
United States
(+1) (312) 616-1860
chcgo@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Los Angeles, United States
550 South Hope Street, 9th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071-2627
United States
(+1) (213) 346-2700
(+1) (213) 346-2797
lngls@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Minneapolis, United States
701 Fourth Avenue South, Suite 900
Minneapolis, MN 55415-1899
United States
(+1) (612) 333-4641
(+1) (612) 332-4061
mnpls@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in New York, United States
1251 Ave. of the Americas
New York, NY 10020-1175
United States
(+1) (212) 596 1628
(+1) (212) 596 1790
Canadian Honorary Consulate in Pittsburgh, United States
Pittsburgh, PA
United States
Canadian Consulate in San Diego, United States
402 W. Broad Way, Floor 4
San Diego, CA 92101
United States
(+1) (619) 615-4286
(+1) (619) 615-4287
sndgo-td@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in San Francisco, United States
580 California Street, 14th floor
San Francisco, CA 94104
United States
(+1) (415) 834-3180
(+1) (415) 834-3189
sfran@international.gc.ca
Canadian Consulate General in Seattle, United States
1501 Fourth Avenue, Suite 600
Seattle, WA 98101-4328
United States
(+1) (206) 443 1777
(+1) (206) 443 9662
seatl@international.gc.ca
Canadian Honorary Consulate in Tampa, United States
Currently closed
Tampa, FL
United States
Canadian Trade Office in Houston, United States
Houston, TX
United States
(+1) (713) 821-1440
(+1) (713) 821-1611
hston-td@international.gc.caI’ve have received some great feedback from people who have read the book, thank you:
Reader Comments
“I read the whole book in one day. I couldn’t put it down. A real page turner.”
“What a joy to read with its twists and turns. I felt I knew the characters and wanted to help them along.”
“Thoroughly enjoyable. The build-up of tension and suspense is so skillfully done that at times it is impossible to put this book down.”
“I enjoyed reading this novel. The plot was as convincing as that of any James Bond film. The style made it an extremely easy read – short sentences, short paragraphs, short chapters. There was a clear, almost minute-by-minute description of the action, making it easy to follow.”
“A very good ‘edge of your seat’ read – just my type of book.”
“I couldn’t put it down.”
“A thoroughly enjoyable and compelling read with plenty of thrills, shocks and laughs. Rob Wassell has the unique flair for attracting the reader’s attention and keeping it there.”
“An exciting adventure. Full of twists and turns. I couldn’t put it down. A great holiday read.”
“A thoroughly enjoyable book with an intriguing plot that ensures you read on at every opportunity.”
“I’ve really enjoyed it. The characterisations are very vivid and there are some great suspense sequences, especially in the run up to the ending.”
“I thoroughly enjoyed this read.”
“As the Plot evolved there was always an aura of anticipation and trepidation. At times I was holding my breath, waiting to see what was coming next.”
“The main thing about this book was that I felt I was there with the characters, involved with their every move. Amazing.”
“A real page turner.”
“Good read.”
“I enjoyed your book. I have never been rock climbing but for the first time I really got a sense of what it is all about. I found it thrilling.”
Reader Comments on Amazon
“A very good read”
“The book was a very good read, well written and it definitely made me want to finish it sooner rather than later. I can’t wait for the next one.”
“An enjoyable Bondesque thriller”
I very much enjoyed reading this book (a first for me by this particular author). The plot is worthy of a James Bond film with plenty of exotic locations (take note, Eon Productions – a brilliant storyline for the next 007 movie). The characters are engaging and the author sets the scene brilliantly – I was there with them! I loved the short chapters and also the writing style which was so effortless to read. I found it an excellent bit of escapism after a long day at work. A sequel surely is in the offing.
“A Gripping Read”
“I am always apprehensive about purchasing a non-fiction book from an Author I know nothing about. To say I was pleasantly surprised by Pearl of Wisdom is an understatement. I was spellbound after a few pages. The story was totally gripping from start (the chase) through to the Finale (an ending which left me shell shocked and on the edge of my seat). A Read with plenty of thrills and amusement. Rob Wassell is a name I will be looking out for in the future”
“A brilliant read that kept me interested from beginning to end”
“A brilliant read that kept me interested from beginning to end. It is skillfully crafted so that, in several places, the build-up of tension and suspense made it impossible to put the book down. The characters are so well described that you feel you know them and therefore care what happens to them. In short – a real ‘page-turner’.”
“An exciting thriller, full of action and tension.”
“An exciting thriller, full of action and tension. Each character is skilfully woven into the story, and not only gives an insight into their professional lives, but also their personal ones. An entertaining read through to the last page.”
“Great read!”
“Really enjoyed this storyline, packed full of action and flows well. Also has a good mixture of humour and tension, look forward to the next one Rob.”
“Five Stars”
A very good ‘edge of your seat’ read – just my type of book.
“Excellent read – intriguing plot with fast-paced action”
“Excellent read, intriguing plot, fast-paced action with entertaining and amusing central characters – gripping from start to finish – I would highly recommend this book.”
“A great read, I couldn’t put it down.”
“The action flows thick and fast, you’ll be gripped.”
“Five Stars”
“A thoroughly enjoyable book with an intriguing plot that ensures you read on at every opportunity.”
If you would like to share your comments about Pearl of Wisdom by Rob Wassell, I’d love to hear from you.
We reserve the right to use submitted comments for review or on the website.
Some quotes shortened to remove any plot spoilers or key details.An earlier report published in 2015, had already pointed out that the regulations in place were not delivering the desired results.
“Glaring gaps” in India’s tobacco control legislation make it “ineffective for regulating tobacco consumption and exposure to second-hand smoke,” argues the report. These concerns are not new, an earlier report published in 2015, had similarly pointed out that the regulations in place were not delivering the desired results.
“Compared with many countries around the world, India has been proactive in introducing tobacco control legislation since 2003…. However, the legislation currently in place is not delivering the desired results — in terms of dissuading tobacco use and encouraging quitting,” said Geoffrey Fong, a professor of psychology at Canada’s University of Waterloo, who had co-authored the 2015 report.
India’s Tobacco Act is outdated
Calling for amendments to the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003 (COTPA), the new report points out that this act was developed too long ago and needs updating. “Though the Act intended to be a comprehensive law on tobacco control, it was adopted more than 15 years ago. Also, the law was developed before [the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control] came into force [in 2005 and was ratified by India]. Now, with the passage of time, lacunas in the Act have become apparent and proved to be a key challenge in terms of effective implementation [sic],” said report author Professor Ashok R. Patil, chair of consumer law and practice at NLSIU, as quoted by the Financial Express.
Experts worry that set at 18 years, the current tobacco age limit leads to early initiation, and that the availability of single cigarettes and other loose tobacco products for sale, makes smoking more accessible, affordable and prevents smokers from being “regularly exposed to the warning labels the law requires on tobacco packaging.” Moreover, the report adds, the regulations around advertising and sponsorship in relation to tobacco products are so vague that they prevent authorities from setting clear advertising restrictions.
Recommended amendments
To this effect, the report makes 11 recommendations. These include raising the tobacco age limit from 18 to 21, eliminating designated smoking areas and tobacco product displays in shops, increasing penalties for any COTPA violations, and ban “the sale of single stick cigarettes, loose tobacco products, and smaller packs.” These amendments would also level up Indian laws with the WHO guidelines, which on the otherhand many public health experts find counterproductive, as they fail to differentiate between combustible tobacco products and safer alternatives.
Voicing his support for the report, former Chief Justice of India, Honorable Justice M.N. Venkatachaliah, said that these recommendations need to be implemented right away. .”
Most Indian vapers are ex-smokers
Meanwhile, a recent cross-sectional survey of 3000 vapers across eight Indian cities, found that the vast majority were former smokers, who managed to quit or reduce smoking thanks to the use e-cigarettes. The study titled, “Patterns of Tobacco and E-Cigarette Use Status in India: A Cross-Sectional Survey of 3000 Vapers in Eight Indian Cities,” was conducted with the aim of obtaining data on the characteristics and tobacco behaviour profile of vapers in India.
An interview-based survey was performed in the 8 largest metropolitan cities in India, recruiting a total of 3000 subjects. The eligible criteria for being able to participate were being a current e-cigarette user, aged 18 years or more. Interviewers were asked to continue recruitment until a total sample of 375 was reached in each target city.
“A total of 3000 vapers (81.4% males and 18.6% females, median age 29 years) participated to the study. The majority (80%) were first exposed to nicotine via tobacco smoking, smokeless tobacco (SLT) use, or both. Most of the subjects (79%) believed that e-cigarettes were less harmful than smoking. The vast majority of smokers (71.3%) reported smoking cessation (30.0%) or reduction in consumption (41.3%) with the help of e-cigarettes. Similar changes were observed in SLT users. Participants reported minimal side effects and some health benefits after e-cigarette use initiation,” reported the researchers.
Read Further: The Swaddle
India: Shops in Karnataka Must Obtain Licences to Sell Tobacco ProductsThis SDS plus Hammer Drill by DeWalt features a compact, lightweight and ergonomic design for improved user comfort and support during extended operating periods. This Drill is designed to perform and protect as is has best in class vibration at 8.5m/s² which will minimise user fatigue over time allowing you to get the job done. The DCH33X2 has been branded with a category-leading high speed drilling performance at more than 66 holes per charge.54V Brushless motor for corded equivalent performance. 3 mode mechanism: Hammer / Rotary Only / Chisel Only. FLEXVOLT DCB547 battery provides maximum power and extended runtime (over DCB546 and 18v Batteries). Best in class vibration at 9.4m/s2. Capacity Concrete: 40mm / Core Bit: 100mm. Part of the intelligent XR Lithium Ion Series designed for efficiency and making applications faster. Class leading Vibration 9.54/S² ensuring maximum trigger times. 3.5J Impact Energy giving corded performance..
1 x DCH333 SDS+ Plus Hammer Drill 2 x DCB547 9.0ah 54v Flexvolt Batteries 1 x Multi-Voltage Charger 1 x Multi-Position Side Handle 1 x Heavy Duty Kit Box 1 x Belt Hook.333X2 54V XR 2x9.0ah Li-ion FlexVolt SDS Plus Hammer Drill" is in sale since Monday, August 7, 2017.
This item is in the category "Home, Furniture & DIY\DIY Tools & Workshop Equipment\Power Tools\Cordless Drills". The seller is "folkestonefixings" and is located in Folkestone. This item can be shipped to European Union member countries.SLANGY GIRL NOT WANTED.
No business man wants a secretary whom he cannot trust to see his business callers in his absences. A knowledge of good English and a courteous way of speaking are the things he wants in his representative.
There are other little details of office manners which every business girl should know. In the first place, when you come to work in the morning. say good morning, individually or collectively, to your fellow workers. There is no need to be effusive about it, but it is a simple courtesy which is well worth while. If you are late, don't come hurrying in with "Gracious! Isn't this awful?" but say simply and frankly, to the head of the office, "Good morning, Mr. Mr. Blank. I'm sorry to be late, and I will make up the time this evening ." For it is office manners, and the best sort of office manners, to give your employers honestly all the time which they are paying you for. You owe them the ten minutes which you lost in the morning. You owe them the ten minutes you stayed out over your lunchtime. They will appreciate your honesty it you make it a point to see that their interests are protected.
OPINIONS TO BE GUARDED.
Don't be familiar either with your superiors or inferiors on the office staff. Familiarity leads to gossip and office gossip is always bad for those taking part to it.
You are not paid to make friendships or to chat with the rest of the office. Guard your opinions as to office conditions. The girl who sits at the desk next to yours, and who thinks the office manager a mean, partial thing, always giving the easiest work to someone else, may, if you agree with her, and let her know it, be unscrupulous enough to repeat your words to the office manager himself, or to someone else who can injure your prospects.
You can be pleasant and polite to every one, but keep your own counsel—or you will be sure to wish you had.
Don't get into the habit of criticising your superiors, even to yourself. Maybe the head of the firm is cranky and inconsiderate of you, but you must remember that you are only a small piece of a big mechanism, and that it is this mechanism which he is working with all his strength to keep mowing,
He is struggling with problems of the gravest weight and importance, and when you misspell words and get figures wrong you are putting most trying little obstacles in the way of his success, and when he flies out at you and calls you inattentive and incompetent, he is only telling you the truth. Try to concentrate and make your work the big thing during work time.
All girls should remember, too, that the office is not the place for manicuring, hair-dressing, or general 'prinking'. All that sort of thing should be done at home. How many business girls, during a lull in work, may he seen giving attention to their nails or readjusting their side-combs, and the like. Some girls even have little mirrors into which they may be seen looking anxiously whenever they get a chance.
Thursday, 6 October 2011
Slangy Girls
A guide to office etiquette for Edwardian office girls (London Journal, 1909):
I'm going to print this off for my house officers...
This is brilliant. I may print it out for my Consultant but I'm worried he'll think its a good idea and impliment it
Glad you're finding it interesting!Ben Meyers’ rating: 3.9|5.0 Starsììì
is an intellectual concept movie. The movie is based on the concept that a single community person holds all memories of its past and serves as an advisor to the government on the best decisions to make for the future based on remembered past events. The new receiver of memory, however, makes the decision that memory should once again be released to all members of the community. This story and script are based on Lois Lowry’s book of the same name. The film plays on the idea that it is wrong to have emotion and reminds one of the film Equilibrium. The film is highly crafted. Brenton Thwaites does a terrific job of interpreting the role of Jonas.
Film Poster Courtesy of Wikipedia
Storyline
Jonas (Brenton Thwaites) is chosen to be the next receiver of memory for his community, but finds that some things cannot be received without sharing and giving.
Additional Thanks
Thank you to Director Phillip Noyce for directing efforts. Thank you to Executive Producers Ralph Winter, Bob Weinstein, Harvey Weinstein, Dylan Sellers, Alison Owen, Ron Burkle, and Scooter Braun for making the film possible. Additional characters/cast include: The Giver (Jeff Bridges), Chief Elder (Meryl Streep), Father (Alexander Skarsgård), Mother (Katie Holmes),Fiona (Odeya Rush), Asher (Cameron Monaghan), Rosemary (Taylor Swift), and Lilly (Emma Tremblay).
Buy a ticket? Yes? No? Maybe?
Yes. It’s a good sci fi film with an innovative and creative storyline.
Video Critique Available Here:
Ben Meyers
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.ABMA has a long and proud history of accomplishment; a significant component of that accomplishment has been those individuals within the American boiler and combustion equipment industry who have given selflessly of themselves to the betterment of, not only their industry, but of their trade association. Periodically, ABMA has recognized these leaders for their service by conferring upon them either Honorary Membership (until 1990) or the Association's coveted Distinguished Service Award (DSA). Recently, the Association has conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award on select individuals who have demonstrated extraordinary devotion to the industry and to the Association over a lifetime of service.
The list of Award recipients reads like a 'Who's Who' in the history and evolution of boiler and combustion equipment industry - individuals whose accomplishments and tireless devotion to and involvement in their industry, through the ABMA, have left an indelible testament to innovation, creativity, safety and workmanship. Because of these individuals and those who still actively participate in the affairs of the industry, the American Boiler Manufacturers Association possesses a renewed strength of purpose and passion for service - confident that amazing things can happen when you pursue new ideas with an open mind and an entrepreneurial spirit. We doff our collective hats to our founding members, to our existing members and to those of you who will join with us in decades to come as advocates of the boiler and combustion equipment industry and its products and services.
The accomplishments of individual members of the Association were marked by awarding of Honorary Membership up until the year 1990, and since then, the Association's Distinguished Service Award has been conferred. The list of Award recipients is chronologically provided by year in which Award was conferred.
From 1917-1989, ABMA conferred the Honorary Membership recognition to those who have given selflessly of themselves to the betterment of, not only their industry, but of their trade association. A total of 68 individuals were recognized for their service. For the complete list, please click here.
Since 1990, the ABMA has recognized those leaders who have given selflessly of themselves for their service to the industry and this Association with the Distinguished Service Award. A list of recipients is listed below.
ABMA has conferred the Lifetime Achievement Awards for further recognition of their respective and extraordinary education and service to the boiler and combustion equipment industry over decades of involvement.]Officialism sentence example
officialism
- Landstrasse may be described as the district of officialism; here too are the British and German embassies.
- Yet the conscientious tradition of Prussian officialism accomplished much in the way of administrative reform.
- The bureaucracy and the law courts had therefore become a network of German-speaking officialism extending over the whole country; no one had any share in the government.
- The English rule, if often weak, had never proved tyrannical, and they had a great dread of French taxes and French officialism.
-.AdvertisementAnswer Infrastructure Management of IT 1. An Electronic Records Management (ERM) system could be defined as a form of computer program that are mainly designed for tracking and storing of records (Svärd, 2013). Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics could be defined as a broad set of applications based on the analysis of data that would include querying and analytics, processing of online analytics, enterprise reporting and various ot...Read More >>
Answer: Part A: The Queensland IT Project Failure Analysis There are various reasons as to why the Queensland project failed and these include the following; inherent complications in the social care and health sectors and the industry in general, lack of top management support which led to poor project management (Mell, & Grance, 2011). There was also the aspect of time limit and poor documentation which made the I...Read More >>
Answer: Task A 1:A key reason for IT implementation failure There are various reason as to why many IT implementations fail. The first reason is lack of clear destination. The first step which the organization needs to do after making a decision that they need to implement an IT system is to be clear about the expectation and have a clear definition of success (Pritchett, Woolcock & Andrews, 2013). However, the consent of the proble...Read More >>
Answers 1: Just-in-Time delivery: It is an inventory strategy in the companies employ in order to increase the efficiency and decrease wastes by receiving goods only, as they are need in the process of the production, which results in reducing the inventory costs. E-Commerce: Electronic Commerce (E-Commerce) is a process by which the customers and the businesses involve in buying and selling products or services through electronic mediu...Read More >>
Answers 1. The growth in the business of Liberty Wines has put considerable pressure on the IT department of the organisation. The personnel recruited in the IT department had to process more business data that they could possible handle. Besides, the systems in the organization were old and outdated, due to which the systems slowed down gradually and required better grade of maintenance, which proved expensive for the organisation. LastVirginia and East Tennessee Ghost Tour Map ~ Easily Locate All East TN Ghost History and Bigfoot Tours
Use our interactive tour map, found below, to navigate our website and access the full details on each tour location. Simply click on any of the map's flashing images to visit that page of our site. Advance reservations are required for all tours. Please call
(423) 743-WALK (9255)
if you should require additional information, or would like to book your reservation.
******* Thank you for visiting Appalachian GhostWalks' Virginia and Tennessee Ghost Tour Map - Use this Virginia and Tennessee Ghost Tour Map to locate all Appalachian GhostWalks ghost, history, and bigfoot tours..... Use your mouse to scroll over the ghost or bigfoot for further information and click on your choice for instant access to that Virginia, or Tennessee Ghost and History, or Bigfoot Tour..... The next time you are traveling I-81 North, or South or find yourself on I-26 West and East remember Appalachian GhostWalks Haunted Vacation Ghost and History Tours located in the Northeast Corner of Tennessee and Southwest Virginia..... Our Map of Haunted Places in Tennessee and Haunted Places in Virginia will guide you to where all the Tennessee Ghosts and Virginia Ghosts can be found..... But this map also shows more than the haunted places of Virginia and Tennessee... It shows where our Legendary Cherokee Bigfoot Adventure Tour takes place in Northeast Tennessee as well..... So, once again, use this Virginia and Tennessee Ghost Tour Map to locate all Appalachian GhostWalks ghost, history, and bigfoot tours and call (423) 743-WALK (9255) for further information and reservations..... You'll have a SPOOK-tacular good time!!!!! Appalachian GhostWalks welcomes you to America's First Western Frontier!!! Consistently named one of the top ten ghost tour companies in America, all thirteen of our haunted and historic walking and bus tours have often been described as the best tours in America by tourism officials and travel professionals worldwide. WE operate year round - seven days and nights a week with fun and adventure for the entire family! Use the ghost tour map above as your guide to ghost tours - a haunted vacation guide for haunted vacations presented by Appalachian GhostWalks... Your ghost tour guide will present information on how, when, and where to find ghosts during your stay with us. We offer everything from our award winning lantern lit walking tours to fully planned, multi-day vacation itineraries and SPOOK-tacular weekend getaways for individuals and couples!!! Our vacation packages include discounts on select area accommodations as well as other area attractions and transportation while you're here!!! The page above will help you, as a map of haunted places, to identify where you would like to stay on your next visit to the Haunted Tennessee and Virginia mountains... The ghost tour map also includes the locations of our Bigfoot investigations and Bigfoot Tours we now offer, rich in Cherokee folklore, history, and legend... Your guide to ghost tours is Appalachian GhostWalks'map of haunted places and we feel sure that you will agree that our haunted vacations truly offer the best tours in America... If you're looking for where to find ghosts, let Appalachian GhostWalks show you the way... Discover Smoky Mountain Lantern lit Ghost and Haunted History Tours, Unique Family Vacations, Party Planning, Ghost Hunter Getaways, Classes and more..... Explore our website, or call for further details and information... We are your one stop party and family haunted vacation planning resource... Thank you for visiting our page dedicated to being your guide to ghost tours and information on where to find ghosts with our ghost tour map of haunted places... Are Appalachian GhostWalks the best tours in America? We invite you to come explore and experience America's First Western Frontier and discover the magic and wonder of the Smokies for yourself! An Appalachian GhostWalk is a must see in Tennessee!!!!! --- AS ALWAYS, ONE CALL DOES IT ALL!!!!! *******
Visit Jesus Coming Again Ministries
May God Richly Bless and Keep YouIsagenix Netherlands is now open
Isagenix Netherlands is now open and the announcement was met with excitement.
Isagenix products have been available in the USA and Canada for many years. After hundreds of requests for the products in Netherlands, the products are now here. Families in Canada, the USA, Australia in New Zealand have been sharing their products and their results with relatives and friends.
But for many, they do not realise that Isagenix is NOT just for losing weight. It is a very healthy way to lose weight, but also to build muscle and assist people who need more energy. Thousands of athletes use our special line of Athlete products.
The most popular product worldwide is the 30 day program . Customers are so excited when they receive their first order
You are given everything you need to complete a full 30 days. Instruction booklet, and professional coaching by us. We have customers who have lost as little as 6 kg up to 181 kgs. Isagenix also offers professional coaching from independent consultants who are using the products with success.
Meet your nutritionist:
Please watch our great video introduction. We know how important it is to learn as much as you can before you start a new program. But it comes with a 30 day guarantee on the products, lots of advice, and personal support. You will never be alone on this journey to wellness
Where can I buy Isagenix in Netherlands?
You can buy Isagenix from this website as we are official Independent health coaches and can help you succeed in losing weight, gaining muscle or improving your health. We are here to serve you. For more information, please use our contact form or use the button below. We look forward to being your personal Isagenix health coach and helping you reach your goalsThe Angelo State University Police Department confirmed the arrest of Consuelo "Alicia" Hernandez-Martinez on Nov. 15 at 12:28 a.m., marking the end of a month-long search.
Hernandez, a 26-year-old ASU Biology alumna, was reported Oct. 16 for criminal mischief of a motor vehicle in the amount of $2,500 to $30,000, after which ASU PD sent out a wanted person notice in an effort to find her.
Hernandez was arrested and placed into the Tom Green County Detention Facility with a bond of $15,000 but was released the same day at 2:28 p.m.
According to records, she graduated in 2019. She has been previously booked and charged for a physical assault that caused bodily injury to a member of her family on July.Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram. Shop AutoZone for Dodge Ram 1500 AC Heater Blower Motor. I have a 1996 ram 1500 and the blower motor isnt working I have tested the blower motor the resistor and the acheater control module.
For Dodge Ram 1500 Dodge Ram 2500 Dodge Ram 3500 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 model year. 02 dodge ram blower motor wire diagram. I still have the ram van but I still continue to have proble.
Dodge Ram 1500 AC Heater Blower Motor.
Collect the [RTF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram start from now. But the additional pretension is by collecting the soft file of the book. Taking the soft file can be saved or stored in computer or in your laptop. So, it can be more than a scrap book that you have. The easiest pretentiousness to heavens is that you can as a consequence save the soft file of [RTF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram in your agreeable and genial gadget. This condition will suppose you too often log on in the spare times more than chatting or gossiping. It will not create you have bad habit, but it will guide you to have improved habit to right of entry book.
This 2003 Dodge 2500 pickup came in with the complaint that the blower would work sometimes and luckily for me it was not working when it came in. Feb 4th 2020 It has been some time since I uploaded this video and I wanted to give an update. Browse Categories Answer Questions. A wiring diagram is a simplified standard pictorial depiction of an electrical circuit. None are getting power is the problem the ignition switch. Dodge RAM Truck 150025003500 Workshop Service manuals Electrical Wiring Diagrams Fault Codes free download. I have a 1996 ram 1500 and the blower motor isnt working I have tested the blower motor the resistor and the acheater control module.
[How To] Download Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram
Why we present this lp for you? We distinct that this is what you desire to read. This the proper cassette for your reading material this become old recently. By finding this tape here, it proves that we always provide you the proper photo album that is needed amongst the society. Never doubt in the manner of the [ZIP] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram. Why? You will not know how this autograph album is actually past reading it until you finish.
However, this era as well as allow you to get the autograph album from many sources. The off extraction photo album amassing may be a common place to visit to get the book. But now, you can along with locate it in the on-line library. This site is one of the on-line library in which you can find your agreed one to read. Now, the presented [PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram is a compilation that you can find here. This autograph album tends to be the baby book that will find the money for you new inspirations.
By soft file of the scrap book to read, you may not habit to bring the thick prints everywhere you go. Any times you have affable to read, you can retrieve your gadget to right to use this autograph album in soft file system. suitably easy and fast! Reading the soft file baby book will meet the expense of you simple quirk to read. It can also be faster because you can admission your cassette everywhere you want. This on-line [RTF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram can be a referred cassette that you can enjoy the solution of life.
!Download (PDF/Epub) Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram
For everybody, if you want to begin joining as soon as others to edit a book, this [PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram is much recommended. And you dependence to get the stamp album here, in the connect download that we provide. Why should be here? If you want extra kind of books, you will always find them. Economics, politics, social, sciences, religions, Fictions, and more books are supplied. These comprehensible books are in the soft files.
But here, you can get it easily this [PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram to read. As known, taking into consideration you open a book, one to remember is not unaccompanied the PDF, but then the genre of the book. You will look from the PDF that your collection chosen is absolutely right. The proper cd unorthodox will imitate how you retrieve the book done or not. However, we are definite that everybody right here to want for this tape is a enormously enthusiast of this nice of book.
To get the tape to read, as what your associates do, you habit to visit the associate of the [ZIP] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram collection page in this website. The member will work how you will acquire the [PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram. However, the scrap book in soft file will be next simple to way in every time. You can put up with it into the gadget or computer unit. So, you can environment thus simple to overcome what call as good reading experience.
ム/Read (PDF/Epub) Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram
[PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram - What to tell and what to pull off considering ruckus to complete all time. And realize you know our associates become fans of [PDF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram as the best stamp album to read? Yeah, it's neither an obligation nor order. It is the referred autograph album that will not make you quality disappointed.
Compared considering further people, as soon as someone always tries to set aside the mature for reading, it will manage to pay for finest. The upshot of you get into [Ebook] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram today will put on the day thought and higher thoughts. It means that everything gained from reading stamp album will be long last become old investment. You may not need to acquire experience in genuine condition that will spend more money, but you can tolerate the way of reading. You can next find the genuine thing by reading book.
!/Download (PDF/Epub) Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram
Just border your device computer or gadget to the internet connecting. acquire the enlightened technology to create your [Epub] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagramdownloading completed. Even you don't want to read, you can directly near the sticker album soft file and entrance it later. You can with easily acquire the sticker album everywhere, because it is in your gadget. Or following visceral in the office, this [RTF] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram is along with recommended to gate in your computer device.
Get and Download Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram
The reason of why you can receive and get this [Ebook] Dodge Ram Blower Motor Wiring Diagram sooner is that this is the tape in soft file form. You can way in the books wherever you want even you are in the bus, office, home, and new places. But, you may not dependence to put on or bring the folder print wherever you go. So, you won't have heavier bag to carry. This is why your unusual to make enlarged concept of reading is truly willing to help from this case.Awkward is, many Philippine birdes-to-be will progress for overseas males rather than Mexican males. You can find different factors how come Mexican gals like to select foreign men, primarily Travelers. The many simple explanation will probably be that they have to get out of South america. An additional reasons consist of the want with regard to excitement, the advantages of a single thing different, and cash. Cash is about this kind of list mainly because foreign people need to possess some money to locate a Mexican partner.
Is it strange to date someone you achieved online?
Although online dating sites has become more and more common, it also earns new challenges for associations to stem from it. Seeing someone you met internet is very different to dating someone you met in ‚real life‘.
The particular rate is definitely leaner standard for proficient ladies nevertheless the space is normally narrowing, as well as reversing, in some countries. This line uses evidence through 23 countries among 95 and the year 2010 to think about just how experienced women’s labour souk opportunities impression their own marital life prospects inside different societies. An additional prevalent misconception about the email purchase bride support is the fact that all ladies that are looking with regard to a hubby an electronic00 a green cards or perhaps a visa. Each sole woman that wishes to locate a spouse can be put through the rigorous selection procedure. Every girl needs to furnish valid RECOGNITION documents and spend charges. Then these customers need to develop a psychological examine to prove that will they are of good head and serious intentions. Only after that, following an continuous period of period could they be allowed in order to be presented upon web sites.
Plus some pay an important sum to that will opportunity to meet their particular perfect diamond necklace. And a few sites, like PlentyofFish. com and OkCupid, present basic account for free. A number of subscription sites instantly restore until the particular customer cancels out, plus individuals fees could add up. Personal profiles are often utilized by scammers usually, yet more painful are whole web sites designed for the purpose of the particular same purpose. Totally free online dating websites appear to be the almost all prevalent offenders belonging to the crime, and lots of for these have simply no ill purpose apart from convincing that you sign up for using fake images.
In case the reason was obviously a valid one particular, the wedding would be prohibited. Best-selling author and conference presenter, Beth Moore, invites one to study and examine the Epistles of 1 & 2 Thessalonians. In every area of your life sometimes you will find setbacks that cause pain, inconvenience, and doubt, although learn how the adversities in every area of your life can in order to strengthen your faith in Christ. Also, find out the importance of position firm and living as per to Scripture so that is situated, pride, bashfulness, or fear acquiring in your technique of having an intimate marriage with God.
Mexican Partner Tips
People drink, stroll, have fun, and music in the particular squares; shops, workplaces and classes are usually generally closed this kind of time. In Republic of ecuador, it is usually warm — the particular temp throughout the year is rather high, hence both adults and children pour water on each other, spray with foam, put eggs and sprinkle one another with flour. The geographical position mail order brides mailorderbride.org in the Latin American site ensured a relentless and powerful stream of sun rays all twelve months round. Consequently, most local wedding brides experience silky pores and skin of lovely shades out of olive to sand. Such women made for marriage can be inherent in the useless of evening color of head of hair, eyebrows and eyelashes, furthermore to strong nails and hair, and white enamel. Possibly on the another hand a large number of affiliates of Western and also Hard anodized kitchenware nations around the world can solely imagine this kind of a good consider an visual aspect.
Right after verification, you are going to definately acquire upward to ten meets every single day with regard to a no cost accounts. All the wedding party brides in Latinlovesearch. possuindo features individual standing based on the quantity of likes.
It remains to properly organize the meeting to leave an optimistic impression. Will not even feel that you can find the European new bride for sale. Therefore , you can be certain the wife really loves you, and then you’re a true appreciate, not a recruit. Besides, European wedding ceremony brides may perfectly method your family spending budget. Consequently, make sure to have ample money with regards to the good your life plus a nice keep. This is actually really completely happy family members lifestyle in case you are pleased to find out your spouse every single day plus prefer to unwind along with her. Because these kind of females have an excellent active your life placement and do not really like detachment or even monotony.
- These web sites cater to lesbians and gays permitting them to discover all their love.
- With regard to sure, the slogan of family members feels like “children must have all the particular best”.
- Potential members complete psychological checks based on categories like mental status, persona, self-perception and conflict resolution.
Because of this, many women feel like whenever they do not get married by a selected age, they are going to never marry, which isn’t very true, however a totally valid feeling. However the fact of the matter is, age at which women marry a varies a whole lot. Some women may get married to young although some will wait much longer. Nonetheless, looking at how outdated — or perhaps young — women get married in different parts of the world is interesting, to say the least. In accordance to your figures, this is the average their age women marry in different parts of the world. The layout of marital relationship was created by the bride and groom’s parents.
Mexican Wife: In Case You Hire Or Individual?
In this particular country, many people are acquainted with The english language and also have a much more or even not as much good degree, that is certainly enough in the interests of understanding. You certainly will not regret if you happen to decide to be able to date or perhaps get married into a bride through Mexico. She might be and so brilliant and interesting that could you wouldn’t want anybody in addition. The Latina girl may turn men’s mind, for certain, plus a person through Mexico wins anyone’s heart conveniently. This can be hard to identify the lady from South america among the various other ladies because presently there are no specific presence features that could mean she’ll be Philippine. Ladies through this country have got various pores and skin plus wild hair colors, which usually makes them different.
Look at independent trip reports no marital life agency agrees with and begin the exceptional quest that will sort your brand-new family. Think that your knowledge and experience in dating foreign women is insufficient? You can get tons of content articles, guides, tips and hints on how to find a reasonable wife on-line on toprussianbrides. com – each of our partner webpage. One of the most essential aspects of Latina culture is the fact women by no means pay for the dates.
Best Dating Sites For Long Term Human relationships
She will help men to understand what women want and how to attract the main. This blog is done for men who want to meet a foreign wife but are insufficient information or confidence. Colombians take great pride in the country they will live in as well as the culture they have.
If a person meet a Spanish terminology bride, you could be sure that will experts safe fingers. The spanish language brides usually are ladies who may have produced up in a booming family members environment. There they have created great communication skill sets to fulfill their interpersonal and person requirements. If you wish to begin a happy family, Spanish ladies a few associated with the best. It might appear to be these people always like to proceed out and also have enjoyable but it surely doesn’t damage family.Make an appointment today!
559-627-2849
HOURS
MON - THUR.
8:00am - 4:00pm
(CLOSED FOR LUNCH)
12:00pm-1:00pm
FRIDAY
8:00am-12pm
Diabetic Feet
WHAT IS IT?
Diabetes is a disorder that affects many people in our society. Diabetes
mellitus is a condition in which the body is unable to transport sugar
from the blood to the cells. People who suffer from this disease cannot
produce or use insulin, which is necessary to keep the sugar under
control. Many sufferers of this disease will complain of constantly
being thirsty, hungry, and frequently having to urinate. Diabetic
patients often have problems with their circulation, which can result
in foot pain, and problems. If this disease is not identified and goes
untreated, it can lead to severe health issues and occasionally death.
This disease process can affect your kidneys, eyes, sense of feeling in
your feet and the circulation to the foot.
CAUSES
Diabetes mellitus can be caused by a number of factors. If there is a family history of diabetes, one's chances of developing this disorder significantly increases. Over weight people are also at risk, since the body is in a constant battle with the elevated sugar.
As one gets older, a certain type of diabetes, ¬type II (non-insulin dependent) becomes prevalent. On the other hand, type I diabetes (insulin dependent), is more prevalent in the young. African Americans and Hispanics are also more susceptible to this disease. If any of the above facts apply to you, an evaluation visit to your family doctor is suggested.
TREATMENT
The effective treatment of diabetes mellitus begins with patient cooperation and compliance. The patient needs to understand that this disease can be severe and that a strict diet as well as faithful use of all medication is necessary to keep this disease under control. Some patients may need to inject insulin while others might need to take various oral medications. Careful monitoring of one's blood sugar on a daily basis is essential since it will give both the patient and doctor an idea of how well the sugar is controlled. Periodic trips to your foot doctor are also needed. Many diabetics have problems with their feet and if regular monitoring is not followed, subsequent complications can readily occur. Active ongoing patient participation is an essential aspect in the clinical management of this disease.
DIABETIC PEDIATRIC CARE
It is essential to thoroughly evaluate and periodically manage the diabetic patient. We know that diabetics can specifically have impaired circulation, reduced sensation, and a greater tendency to develop infections, ulcerations and other skin problems. Early detection, periodic monitoring, and judicious care are essential in the prevention and management of diabetic complications. The lower legs and feet are primary locations for these problems to occur. Professional care and supervision can be highly effective in minimizing the complication tendencies of patients with diabetes.
Periodic care for these patients can range from a simple examination of one's feet to more involved treatments of such problems as diabetic arthropathy (diabetic arthritis), peripheral neuropathy (loss of feeling), vascular complications, and ulcerations. The podiatrist will examine the feet to make sure that there is adequate blood supply and sensation (feeling) to the feet. A decrease or loss in one or both can lead to infection and potentially more serious problems. In many cases, the podiatrist will involve by referral, other medical specialists to participate in the total team approach to managing the existing diabetic problems.
Many diabetics are seen by their foot specialists on a periodic basis for general foot care. It is important to keep the nails properly trimmed so that they do not become ingrown and cause infection. This is important as many diabetics can not fight infections as well as people without the disease. Also, the skin of diabetic patients is thinner and more susceptible to injury than that of non-diabetic persons. It is important to reduce the calluses to relieve pressure over the bony prominence of the feet. If there is too much callus build-up, the skin may break down and lead to an ulceration. An ulceration can become infected and possibly lead to more serious consequences requiring more involved care.
ISLAMABAD: Two hardcore terrorists including an improvised explosive device specialist have been killed during an Intelligence Based Operation of security forces in North Waziristan district.
According to ISPR, security forces conducted operation on terrorist hideout in Boya area and one terrorist was also apprehended.
These terrorists were involved in killing innocent locals, extortion, planning and executing more than 25 terrorists’ attacks on security forces.Robert Seiringer#
Present and Previous Positions
- 2013 - Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria
- 2011 - 2013 Associate Professor at McGill University, Department of Mathematics and Statistics
- 2003 - 2010 Assistant Professor at Princeton University, Department of Physics
- 2001 - 2003 Postdoc at Princeton University, Erwin Schroedinger fellowship
- 2000 - 2001 Assistant at the Institute for Theoretical Physics, University of Vienna
Fields of Scholarship
- Quantum many-body systems
- Mathematical physics
- Condensed matter physics
- Quantum statistical mechanics
Honours and Awards
- Fellow of the American Mathematical Society
- Corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences
- ERC Advanced Grant
- E.W.R. Steacie Memorial Fellow
- Henri Poincare Prize of the International Association of Mathematical Physics
- Alfred P. Sloan Fellow
- Erwin Schroedinger Fellow<<
You have to have Cletus’ Dice Den in order to see the Act 2 questline
Have a Vice Day Pt. 1
Auto start (Smithers)
Make Burns Go More Green- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 2
Burns starts
Make Skinner Drink Absinthe- 4hrs, Earns $175, 45xp
Make Krusty Watch a Sexy Floor Show- 4hrs, Earns $175, 45xp
Make Comic Book Guy Gorge on Whale Sushi- 4hrs, Earns $175, 45xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 3
Lisa starts
Make Marge Hallucinate on Absinthe- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Make Lisa Snoop Around- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 4
Homer starts
Make Burns Consider Hiring Homer- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Make Homer Not Recognize Mr. Burns- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 5
Homer starts
Make Homer Interview More Entertainers- 4hrs, Earns $175, 45xp
Make Lance Murdock Do Stunts in the Cafeteria- 4hrs, Earns $175, 45xp (if you have Lance)
Completed Task Earns 100
Exotic Entertainment
Princess Kashmir starts
Make Princess Kashmir Entertain Gamblers- 4hrs, Earns 1
,110
(only appears if you have Princess Kashmir)
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 6
Krusty starts
Make Krusty Entertain Gamblers with Terrible Impressions- 12hrs, Earns $420, 100xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Hate the Playa
Tuxedo Krusty starts
Make Tuxedo Krusty Hit on Cocktail Waitresses- 4hrs, Earns 1
,110
(Only appears if you have Tuxedo Krusty)
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 7
Lisa starts
Make Lisa Investigate Inside the Casino- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 8
Marge starts
Make Marge Start “Gambling Anonymous”- 8hrs, Earns $275, 70xp
Completed Task Earns 100
Have a Vice Day Pt. 9
Lisa starts
Make Apu Bleed Out in the Gift Shop- 24hrs, Earns $600, 150xp
Completed Task Earns 100
What do those Popups mean? Well Act 2 still ends on March 17th…which is how long you have to unlock all of the Act 2 prizes, but on March 13th you’ll unlock the next gaming house. (like how Cletus’ Dice Den unlocked before Act 1 was over)
And that my friends completes the main Act 2 questline of the Casino Event!
What are your thoughts on this event? Excited about the prizes? Enjoying the questline? Sound off in the comments below, you know we love hearing from you!
I have Cregg Demon and have started on the Act 3 prizes, but the cowgirl sign and everything past that has not unlocked. What do I need to do to unlock them?
Hi everybody!
If I don’t finish the quetline until the end of act2, does it just stop and when act3 starts won’t I be able to finish it? Like… won’t I get Homer’s House of Cards?
You’ll still be able to get the House of Cards. Your prizes will change to Act 3 prizes, but you won’t see the Act 3 questline until you finish the Act 2 questline
I too can’t figure out how I missed getting Homer’s House of Cards.. I’m pretty sure I got through all 10 parts of the vice questline (how can I tell? Is there a hidden list, or by looking at characters task lists (locked or unlocked?). I checked my inventory in case I put it there by mistake. I’m afraid if I don’t get it today, I might not be able to once act 3 starts tomorrow. Tia.
You can still unlock it even after act 3 starts. Do you have a golden token (icon) in your task book?
No. The coin was the icon for that questline, wasn’t it?
It’s the icon for all of the main questlines for Casino. But yes..
What level are you on? Game play level
I’m on level 59.
I would contact EA…
No golden coin… Which means I completed the quest, right?
Yea
It’s past the 13th and somehow I didn’t unlock homers house of cards.. I don’t know why I’ve been doing everything and I don’t have it and other people do, can I not still get it?
You need to be at the certain part of the questline. Read the top of the post where it says How Do I get Homer’s House of Cards
You have to have certain characters for the next part of the quest to begin, like princess Kashmir and tuxedo Krusty. I had that problem and wouldn’t have known if I didn’t come here. My husband got the house of cards and I never did because I didn’t “buy” tuxedo Krusty yet
I’ve gotten the last act 2 prize so should I stop using my tokens and save them for act 3?
up to you, but it’s not a bad idea
That is what I am doing
Bonuts by the dozens
As of this morning, I have received 100 donuts since I got the Miss Springfield and Sleep-eazy package with rebate.
Awesome.
Should I be worried about gold coins going away in act three or can I let them accumulate like act two? The event with Maggie completely changed in Act 3 if I remember correctly.
This one doesn’t change.
Do I need to let Apu bleed out (finish the last task) to get Homer’s House of Cards? I was planning to keep Apu gambling until I earn the last prize of Act 2.
most likely. That’s how it was for the Dice Den..
Thanks!
Thank you so much for the site. Been monitoring for couple years now. Very helpful. And jersey girls too. Any word on if the chips will roll over to act three. Is it worth saving them or should we spend them all now?
Fellow New Jersian
Tokens, yes save.
I’ve gotten to the point where princess comes in but I don’t have her I don’t think where do I find her
Princess Kashmire? She’s premium..in the premium menu but you may not see her if you’re not high enough in levels..
Greetings, I had to reinstall my game due to the lack of space on my device. Now. Since the update, I haven’t be able to get into the game via my new mobile. It just won’t install. (It will always show the Bart screen.)
I can still get in with another device, so the connection isn’t really a problem.
I would be glad if you were able to help me.
-Hubert
You may have to contact EA on this one. OR it could be the specific connection with your device and your internet access…may want to try resetting the WIFI connectionBest Tips for Choosing Primary Care for Seniors
Seniors have to take extra care of themselves, and for this, they should keep a check on their health. The primary care physician handles routine health care and performs regular checkups. He is someone who knows your complete medical history and understands what is good for your health. These physicians help manage chronic conditions and treat illnesses by monitoring your overall physical, and mental health.
Choosing the right primary care physicians is very important, so you don’t have to switch your doctor more often. There are many things you have to keep in mind while selecting the right primary care physician for your parents or any other senior family member.
know Your Needs
Although primary care physicians don’t deal with one type of health condition, still, you must know what your physician is good at. For example, some physicians are good at dealing with pediatrics health, some have more experience with athletics and sportspersons, and some better understand senior health issues. Before choosing your physician, you have to make sure that the physician has sufficient experience in treating senior health conditions.
Consider A Geriatrician
Geriatricians are the primary care doctors who are specialized in diagnosing and treating senior’s health conditions. While looking for a primary care physician for seniors, you should consider a geriatrician because he can better understand and treat old people’s health conditions. A geriatrician makes sure that the treatment they are offering to the patient is age-appropriate. They are also more expert in old people’s health and have all the required resources and equipment to treat senior medical conditions.
Ask for Recommendations
When it comes to choosing a doctor, word of mouth plays a major role because people feel more comfortable visiting a doctor recommended by a family member or a friend. You can ask your co-workers, friends, or relatives to refer a good and trusted primary care physician. Especially, if you are new to a community, you should ask the locals to suggest the best senior care clinics. The doctor should not just expert in providing senior care services but he should be trustworthy, kind, and someone you can feel comfortable with. Asking people for referrals can help you to get a more unbiased and authentic recommendation for primary care physicians.
Think About Logistics
When it comes to finding the right primary care physician for seniors, there are many other things you should be considering, more than the physician’s expertise and services. You should know that if your parent or any other senior family member has chronic illnesses or diabetes, they need to visit the doctor more often. It would be more convenient if the doctors’ clinic is near your home or office, so you can easily take them to the clinic. Other than that, the medical expenses, advanced equipment, office timings, are some important things to keep in mind before choosing your primary care physician.
Here are a few major points. You must check before choosing the senior primary care doctor.
- The location of the clinic should be near your house or on the way to the office.
- Office timings must be convenient, so you can plan the appointments without disturbing your schedule.
- Look if the primary care physician has advanced equipment for providing diagnostic services and treatments.
- Not all doctors charge the same, you have to consider your budget and affordability of the doctors.
- Before getting your patient to the doctor, you can have a face-to-face meeting with a physician, so you can analyze the atmosphere, staff and get an idea about the doctor’s attitude, professionalism, and concern for the patients.
Look Online
You can also research online to find the right physician for you. Now, almost all physicians have their own websites and social media pages. The best thing about online research is that you can see their patient reviews and get an idea about the overall patient satisfaction. Visiting the physician’s websites, you can get detailed information about everything that a primary care physician offers, including their medical services, diagnostic services, treatments, etc.
Conclusion
Summing up the discussion, it can be said that choosing the right primary care physician can be a bit challenging, these tips would help you to find the best geriatrician for seniors. Even if seniors are not experiencing any health issues, they still need proactive medical care to maintain their health and on-time diagnosis and treatment of illness.
Remember, primary care centers are designed for regular checkups and general medication. In case of an emergency, such as stabbing chest pain, or serious injuries, you should take the patient to the nearest emergency room to get immediate emergency care.
If you are living in Lancaster, TX visit crescent Primary care by visiting hereAll The Way From Thalassery – Ajwa Biriyani
For a majority of us the love for Biriyani started out of attending wedding functions and then whenever we visit a restaurant we are reminded of the taste of the wedding biriyani and end up ordering a biriyani to rewind that taste again!”Ajwa” located at Panavila Junction in Trivandrum is a Biriyani Lovers paradise and offers you the best authentic Thalassery dum biriyani in the city! Certain names become the best brands through word of mouth and Ajwa is the best biriyani brand in the city! Every successful taste will have a story to tell and so does Ajwa! Muhamed Naushad O.K who hails from Kannur, one of the managing partners of Ajwa restaurant gives us a glimpse into how Ajwa was born, he says that for weddings in their family they used to prepare food by arranging cooks and the responses to the quality and taste of food were truly overwhelming then. It is at this point of time that Mujeeb Shamsudeen a friend of Naushad suggested why not conduct a Dum Biriyani festival in the capital city of Kerala. The fest was done and the taste of this Biriyani got imprinted in the hearts and minds of the people of Trivandrum. This successful event inspired in setting up a takeaway counter in the city for their Biriyani and they fondly titled it as “Ajwa” which refers to anexpensive dates made in Saudi Arabia.Mujeeb,Noushad and their friends MammoottyKeyi C.N and Abdul Razak A.C were the main men behind this initiative. The success of the takeaway counter took them to the next big step of setting up the first Ajwa restaurant in the city in the year 2012.For a Biriyani lover Ajwa offers Mutton,Chicken and Vegetable Biriyani, each of them comes with a mesmerising taste and are priced at 190,160 and 130 respectively. Adding variety to their menu is the fish biriyani which is available only from 12 pm in the afternoon. Chicken fry priced at 150 per plate is also a speciality at this spot. Mutton and chicken biriyani specials are also available here, these cost a bit more as they offer more in terms of quantity. Lemon tea available here will give you the soothing effect and will quench your thirst as well, this is priced at 10 rupees. The smell and aroma of ghee and good quantity chicken pieces available in the biriyani too give this dish a heavenly feel. Sweet and sour pickle and salad served as side dish make this a deadly combo not to be missed while at Trivandrum! 2019 marks the 6th year of Ajwa in Trivandrum and ask any Trivandrumite and they will openly honestly and lovingly say that Ajwa is the best authentic Thalaserry dum biriyani in the city! You don’t need to travel kilometres to get this taste anymore as”Ajwa” is right here in the capital city of Trivandrum.Long live Ajwa and its taste and Glory!
Where?
No-114 Kalabhavan Mani Road, Near, Women’s College Rd, Thycaud
Ring at
+91471-2331410
Car parking
YesScholarships
Each year the BOAG Educational Committee awards two scholarships to an entering freshman or upperclassman student that shows superior academic achievement and exhibits a financial need. The scholarship recipient is selected from applicants that are sons and daughters of active, retired, or deceased building department personnel of a municipal or county government which is an active member of BOAG. One scholarship is given in honor of William H. Downs and the other in honor of Dick Gecoma. All applications must be received by the BOAG Educational Committee, along with an up-to-date record and a copy of the applicant’s ACT or SAT scores, prior to March 15th . Applications are available by downloading from this website or by contacting your nearest BOAG Officer or Contact Us.
Criteria of Qualification of Student Applicants
The Committee may establish reasonable and operable procedures and qualifications for determining the selection of the student considered as the recipient of the grant from the Educational Fund, provided not in conflict with criteria or guidelines herein stated, and as follows:
The student applicant shall be the son, daughter or grandchild of living, retired or deceased building department personnel of a city or county government, and further, that such city or county shall be an active member of the Building Officials Association of Georgia.
The student applicant shall agree that the use of grant funds shall be predicted on his or her enrollment or continuance of education in a recognized and/or accredited school such as college, university, trade school, business college, or as may be acceptable to the Educational Committee. The approved fund should be used for such purposes as tuition fees, books and student school supplies, rather than for room, board, clothes and living expenses, unless otherwise determined by the Committee.
The applicant shall show need for financial assistance.
The applicant should possess qualities of good character and integrity.
A record of evidence of satisfactory scholastic or school grades, ability, ambition and desire for continuance of education shall be submitted.
The grant of funds may be utilized by a student for continuation to succeeding year or years upon satisfactory academic progress, subject to review by the Committee. The maximum number of years that funds may be granted a student is four (4) years. All students desiring continuation of funding must make application each year.How to Ace the Facebook Product Manager Interview (Second Edition)
NOW AVAILABLE: How to Ace the Facebook Product Manager Interview, Third Edition (on our Teachable platform)
Refund Policy
This course helps the student get ready for the Facebook Product Manager (PM) interview. It includes a detailed overview of what Facebook is looking for along with real interview questions and answers from Facebook PM interviews.
Course Details
- Review the Facebook PM role
- Discuss the three Facebook PM interview components
- Answers & tips for the product sense interview including:
- 7 step design interview framework (the CIRCLES Method)
- Answer to how do you build a website to help bicycle buyers?
- Answer to how would you improve Facebook News Feed?
- Answer to how would you improve Facebook Events?
- Answer to how would you improve Facebook Pages?
- Answers & tips for the execution interview including:
- 4 step metrics interview framework
- Answers & tips for the leadership interview including:
- Understanding behavioral interview questions
- Answers & tips for “Why Facebook?”
What's also included
Two additional teaching notes covering: 1) how to tackle Facebook's execution questions and 2) a newly-revised explanation to, "As a Product Manager on Facebook Newsfeed, how would you decide whether to show an advertisement or the "People You May Know" widget?
Refund Policy
Please confirm all purchases before you complete them as all sales are final. There are no refunds for digital content.
SEE ALSO: Google PM interview prep, Amazon PM interview prep
More from this collectionbaby football boots size 7
solid white tennis shoes for nursing
junior football boots jd sports
adidas pw tennis hu chalk white
nike off white huarache black
nike huarache grey white
mens white velcro tennis shoes
white and blue tennis shoes
sparkly white tennis shoes
nike huarache v lax
umbro kids football boots
huarache utility white
off white air presto fake
nike alpha huarache elite 2 mid white
black and white nike huarache shoes
nike air presto off white ebay
white and gray tennis shoes
blue and white huaraches mens
adidas pharrell williams carbon
k swiss grancourt 2 womens
nike presto off white the ten
artengo white shoes
nike huarache white sale
pk god off white presto
nike huarache off white original
mens white court shoes
white tennis shoes with arch support
decathlon boys football boots
kids ag boots
hugo boss white tennis shoes
off white nike air presto 2.
junior football boots size 6
air max off white presto
boys laceless boots
laceless football boots size 3.5
kids football boots online
adidas falcon white review
black huaraches white sole
air presto off white price
nike off white presto 219
frye white tennis shoes
nike air zoom zero white
nike off white x presto
pharrell williams adidas white green
adidas pharrell williams tennis hu chalk white
white bulky tennis shoes
tennis shoes black and white
superga white tennis shoes
nike air presto off white retail
football boots for 9 year olds
cheap off white presto
velcro fastening football boots
falcon off white
nike presto off white ebay
nike black off white presto
white eyelet tennis shoes
women's all white leather tennis shoes
white nike huarache run ultra
all white leather tennis shoes nursing
junior football boots without laces
liverpool fc football boots
adidas football boots size 1
nike off white presto v2
off white air presto the ten
dw sports kids football boots
football boots size 3 sports direct
ron white tennis shoes
nike air max presto x off white
prestos x off white
nike x air presto off white
air force one tennis shoes white
white and yellow huaraches
off presto white
old man white tennis shoes
new junior football boots
boys futsal boots
womens white casual tennis shoes
off white nike shoes presto
comfy white tennis shoes
nike huarache mens white and black
lightweight white tennis shoes
bulky white tennis shoes
black and white nike huarache ultraBBMP’s mobile schools to roll out across all zones from next week
Starting next week, ten old buses from the Bengaluru Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) fleet that have been repurposed into mobile schools will start going to different zones in the city to conduct bridge classes for out-of-school children.
The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has already assigned one bright yellow bus per zone. The two extra buses will be deputed to zones that have a higher number of children not in school, said senior BBMP officials.
The civic body took up this initiative following specific directions of the High Court of Karnataka to identify out-of-school children, and conduct bridge courses to bring them back to the mainstream. According to a senior civic official, the BBMP has also re-assigned teachers from its day-care centres for this purpose.
As per the current plan, each bus will have four teachers, who will be assisted by a helper (ayah). All the teaching materials and teaching aids have been provided. “The zonal joint commissioners are in the process of identifying locations where the mobile schools can be parked. The location should also be chosen keeping in mind accessibility for the identified children, who are mostly residents of slums and settlements of migrant workers,” the official said.
The mobile schools will function under the supervision of zonal joint commissioners, and will cater to children in Class I and above. “Many of the children may have never stepped into a school. It is for such children that we have chosen teachers from day-care centres, who will be able to help them in an age-appropriate manner,” the official said and added that drivers for all the 10 buses had also been appointed.
The first bus has already been sent to Rajarajeshwarinagar zone. “The other buses will be sent to the respective zones on Tuesday. Their locations will also be finalised next week,” the official claimed.
Survey of children begging or hawking
Meanwhile, as per the directions of the High Court, the civic body is also conducting a survey of children found begging or hawking in the city. It has tied up with several non-governmental organisations for the survey, which, according to officials, is likely to be completed by the end of November.
The Centre for e-governance had developed a software to capture data from the city-wide survey. “We hoped to complete the survey sooner. While more than 75% has been completed in most zones, there were some hiccups in Yelahanka zone. The same has now been sorted out. We will complete the survey by the month-end,” an official stated. get this job ?
Forum Index
->
Horary & Electional Astrology
View previous topic
::
View next topic
Author
Minami
Joined: 25 Oct 2009
Posts: 22
Posted: Wed Jan 06, 2010 2:53 am
Post subject: Will I get this job ?
Hi All,
The chart is erected by my friend.
He has been unemployed for a year, and last week he got a call from job agency who invite him for an interview of a company.
He would like to know if he will get this job.
Here is the chart :
Asc : Sun
Job : Venus (10H)
This two planets both are in 5H and in conjunction.
And co-sig Moon trines Venus.
I believe it is a good sign for him, can I say 'Yes' to the question ?
Moreover, rulership of his money is Mercury (2H), and rulership of money from Job is also Mercury (11H), Mercury is in 5H too !
Sun, Venus and Mercury stick together in this chart.
Are there any bad sign can be seen from this chart ?
Hope someone can share their thought, thanks !!
Back to top
Olivia
Joined: 15 Oct 2008
Posts: 866
Posted: Wed Jan 06, 2010 3:15 am
Post subject:
Mostly it looks good, but that retrograde peregrine Mars on the ASC bothers me a lot.
I don't know. Lots of positive testimony, but a badly behaved malefic smack on an angle.
I like how the Moon trines the MC, especially as the MC is Taurus and the Moon is exalted there.
I don't like that the Sun is peregrine, or that Venus is only saved from peregrinity by out-of-sect triplicity ruler. I also don't like the Moon being Void of Course.
But the positives do look pretty strong. Let's see if somebody else can offer an opinion here.
Back to top
handn
Joined: 02 Nov 2009
Posts: 509
Posted: Wed Jan 06, 2010 4:22 am
Post subject:
Hello Minami
I'm agreeing with what Olivia's posted already.
You asked if there are any bad signs that can be seen in the chart so I'll focus on that side of things.
The significators (Sun, Moon, and Venus) don't behold the Ascendant. As Olivia's pointed out they do have a nice relationship with the 10th though which is good testimony.
Moon's decreasing in light.
It's good that the job significator is moving towards the querent's significator, i.e. the job is moving towards the querent rather than the other way around.
That sticking point of Mars is all the more so because it rules the 4th house. Mars beholds the 10th by square, an aspect of 'imperfect enmity'. I would say there is definitely something counting against the querent's application, but the aspects (conjunction with Ascendant, square with MC) are separating not applying so it could be worse.
Perhaps if the querent can identify what Mars might be in this particular instance and take steps to minimise its impact, he stands a better chance. The Sun and Mars have mutual receptions so there does seem to be scope for amelioration, although to what extent with Mars being so close....
That just leaves the receptions between Sun-Moon and Moon-Venus, some of which are good but others aren't. It's a mixed bag. Sun-Venus have no mutual receptions to aid them.
There's no helping from Jupiter either.
I don't know if it counts for much but all the significators including the Moon are moving towards aspects with the north node.
Best of luck to your querent.
Regards
H.
Back to top
cor scorpii
Joined: 03 Jan 2008
Posts: 578
Posted: Wed Jan 06, 2010 12:57 pm
Post subject:
The Sun is ill disposed to signify the querent, so is the Moon because they neither behold the ascending sign nor have another planet in an angle(preferably) rendering their light to the ASC degree.This in itself is not a positive testimony for the querent, it signifies his inability to "steer his ship" properly in this matter.
Debilitated Mars on the cusp of the ASC is another negative testimony, angular malefics in a bad state are always a sign of trouble.
The lady of the MC, Venus(which has just separated from retrograde Mercury, a possible sign of the instability of this job,its controversial nature) is applying to conjunction with the Sun, ruler of the ASC - this is a strong testimony for getting the job, since she also receives the Sun in her triplicity and term(Egyptian set), this being a perfect reception involving the combination of two lesser dignities.
I think the Moon here is not void of course, since she still isn't separated from the Sun, and when she finally is, she already joins Saturn in Libra which will receive her into his exaltation, triplicity and term. The number of degrees she has to travel in order to reach Saturn in the following sign indicates possible slowness and tardiness in the matter; however, I'm not so certain that this will necessarily happen, since we have the close conjunction of the main significators which will perfect in a bit more than 7 degrees, on the north node, which is another positive testimony.
The angles of the figure are fixed, the conjunction will occur in a sign of Capricorn, ruled by ponderous Saturn in a succeeding house, so I judge he will get this job in about seven weeks. More optimistic version would be 7 days(conjunction occurs in a cardinal sign, how do we square such apparent contradicting teachings on the nature of signs, I wonder?), so let's wait and see, timing isn't easy in horary.
While I believe he will get the job, I also think he won't keep it for long nor will be satisfied with it, mainly because the POF is cadent and the ruler Mars is retrograde and peregrine.
Greetings,
Goran
Back to top
Minami
Joined: 25 Oct 2009
Posts: 22
Posted: Wed Jan 06, 2010 2:12 pm
Post subject:
Dear All,
Many thanks for your comments.
Seems Mars is the greatest concern for my friend...
Let's wait and see, I believe result will be came out very soon !
Best Wishes,
Minami
Back to top
Paul
Administrator
Joined: 23 Nov 2009
Posts: 1551
Posted: Thu Jan 21, 2010 3:16 pm
Post subject:
Minami
Any updates on this? Did your friend get the job in the end?
Back to top
Minami
Joined: 25 Oct 2009
Posts: 22
Posted: Fri Jan 22, 2010 2:23 pm
Post subject:
Hi All,
My friend still not yet get any job offer.
But the agent said they will follow up with the employer.
Back to top
handn
Joined: 02 Nov 2009
Posts: 509
Posted: Fri Jan 22, 2010 10:04 pm
Post subject:
Thanks for the update Minami
RegardsAbout this book
My library
Books on Google Play
to overlook them and not take notice of them, when they come to die; mul. titude of the saints at the right hand of the Judge, and so go to heaven undiscovered. Nor is there any hope that God will alter bis mind, or that he will repent of what he hath said ; for he is not the son of man, that he should repent. Hath he said, and shall be not do it? Hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good? When did God ever undertake to do any thing and fail :-1 bell.
SERMON X.
THE FUTURE PUNISHMENT OF THE WICKED UNAVOID
ABLE AND INTOLERABLE.
Ezek. XXII. 14.
But if they find that they can by no means deliver themselves, and see that they must bear them ; then VOL. VI.
13
up the weight of the rock, and to preserve itself from being crushed by it?-Much more vain will it be for a poor damned soul, to endeavour.
Ing. Some may be ready to say, If this be the case, if impenitent sinners can neither shun future punishment, nor deliver themselves from it, nor bear it; then what will become of them ?
Ans.ings, exquisite, that the nature of the body cannot support itself under it; however Joth it may be to sink, yet it cannot bear the pain; there are
a few struggles, and throes, and pantings, and it may be a sbri utterly and totally sink, without the least degree of remaining comfort, or strength, or courage, or hope. And though it will never be annihilated, its being and perception will never be abolished; yet such will be the infinite depth of gloominess into which it will sink, to the full for twentyfour hours! And how much greater would be the effect, if you knew you must endure it for a whole year; and how vastly greater still, if you knew you must endure it for a thousand years !-0 then, how would your hearts sink, if you knew, that you must bear it for ever and ever! that there would be no end ! that after millions of millions of ages, your torment would be no nearer to an end, dic and know it; to be sensible of the gloom of death. This is toKL Report
SRINAGAR
Jammu and Kashmir government on Friday said that 300 people died and 25 suffered injuries in floods that battered the state last September.
Responding a question in Legislative Council, Minister for Relief and Rehabilitation Basharat Bukhari said that due to floods of 2014 in the state 300 people died and 25 persons were injured.
He further said that apart from damage caused to 26,1361 structures, farm sector of 3.27 lakh hectares of agricultural land and 3.96 lakh hectares of horticulture land also suffered damage.
According to the government data 6,910 kms of road length, 559 bridges, 3,063 PHE schemes, 6,423 irrigation works and schemes, 4,202 sub-stations, 11,671 kms of electric conductors, besides 6,466 other buildings suffered damages due to floods. End of the Innocence
1) "The End of the Innocence" is one of Crazy Sam's favorite songs. Do you like it? Loathe it? Or is it before your time?
2) Obviously Don Henley was a smoker back in the 1980s. Do you smoke? Are you a former smoker? Or did you never start?
3) Childhood is generally considered an innocent time. In what town did you spend yours?
4) Do you abide by "innocent until proven guilty?" Or
did you come to your own, pre-trial conclusions about famous defendants
like Casey Anthony and OJ Simpson?
5) Is there an old TV show whose cast you'd like to see reunite?
6) Do you know how to ride a horse?
7) You're ordering ice cream. Cup or cone?
8) Do you believe a gentleman should help a lady with her coat?
9) Which search engine do you use most often?
2 comments:
Fun questions!
social bookmarking links with dofollow link just got and gave your blog value from blow sites
enjoy dofollow linksThe root word onym means “name.” Today we will no longer let words like synonym and antonym be without a “name” in your vocabulary!
We have all heard of people who do not want others to know their true names. In order to accomplish this subterfuge, some go about anonymously, or without a “name” in order to keep their true “name” a secret. Yet others, such as authors, will adopt pseudonyms, or false “names,” to keep their true “names” from being known.
Students realize the importance of knowing both synonyms and antonyms for the SAT and GRE. Synonyms have meanings that are the same or similar in “name,” such as “hot” and “scorching,” or “intelligent” and “smart.” Antonyms, on the other hand, have opposite “names,” such as “hot” and “cold,” or “up” and “down.”
The primary identifier of a family is its “name.” The patronymic of a family is the “name” derived from the father, which generally becomes the surname of any of the family’s children. When a baby girl is “named” after her mother, she has received a metronymic.
Now on to two more words that derive from the English root onym meaning “name.” A homonym describes a word whose “name” sounds like another’s but is different in meaning. For instance, the words “dear” as in “precious” and “deer” as in “a four-legged woodland creature with antlers” are homonyms because their “names” sound the same but they have different meanings. An eponym is an imaginary or real person’s “name” put upon a place. An example of an eponym is Europe, whose “name” came from the mythological bull Europa.
Now no longer will the root word onym run around anonymously, having no “name,” since at least you will not be fooled!
- anonymous: without a ‘name’
- pseudonym: false ‘name’
- synonym: word that shares its ‘name’ together with another
- antonym: word whose ‘name’ is opposite another
- patronymic: the father’s ‘name’
- metronymic: the mother’s ‘name’
- homonym: word that has the same-sounding ‘name’ as another
- eponym: a “name” put upon a placeJust over 20 years ago was the first time a computer beat a human world champion, beat 2006 world champion Vladimir Kramnik. Now the ability of computers to take on humanity has taken a step further by mastering the far more complex board game Go, with Google’s AlphaGo program beating world number one Ke Jie twice in a best-of-three series.
This signifcant milestone shows just how far computers have come in the past 20 years. DeepBlue’s victory at chess showed machines could rapidly process huge amounts of information, paving the way for the big data revolution.
Go is considered one of the world’s most complex board games. applying this strategy to Go would require a million-fold increase in processing speed over DeepBlue so a computer could analyse 100 trillion positions per second.
Learning new moves around 300m moves made by professional Go players. It then used what are called deep learning and reinforcement learning techniques to develop its own ability to identify favourable moves. power other Google services such as Street View and optimisation tasks in the firm’s data centres.
Lesson for us all
The other thing that has changed since DeepBlue’s victory is the respect that humans have for their computer opponents. When playing chess computers, it was common for the human players to adopt so-called anti-computer tactics. This involves making conservative moves to prevent the computer from evaluating positions effectively.
In his first match against AlphaGo, however, Ke Jie, adopted tactics that had previously been used by his opponent to beat it at its own game. Although this attempt failed, it demonstrates a change in approach for leading human players taking on computers. Instead of trying to stifle the machine, they have begun trying to learn from how it played in the past.
In fact, the machine has already influenced the professional game of Go, with grandmasters adopting AlphaGo’s strategy during their tournament matches. This machine has taught humanity something new about a game it has been playing for over 2,500 years, liberating us from the experience of millennia.
What then might the future hold for the AI behind AlphaGo? The success of DeepBlue triggered rapid developments that have directly impacted the techniques applied in big data processing. The benefit of the technology used to implement AlphaGo is that it can already be applied to other problems that require pattern identification.
For example, the same techniques have been applied to the detection of cancer and to create robots that can learn to do things like open doors, among many other applications. The underlying framework used in AlphaGo, Google’s TensorFlow, has been made freely available for developers and researchers to build new machine-learning programs using standard computer hardware.
More excitingly, combining it with the many computers available through the internet cloud creates the promise of delivering machine-learning supercomputing..Catrin Finch & Seckou Keita
Catrin Finch & Seckou Keita
Wed 08 June 2022
Door time / 6:30pmBook Tickets
Select a ticket provider
LocationLONDON Union Chapel,
Compton Terrace
N1 2UN
Tickets
£25 + booking fee
This show has been rescheduled from 2021 to Wednesday 8 June 2022 when we hope we can all enjoy it together. Catrin Finch & Seckou Keita will be playing two sets. All tickets remain valid'★★★★★ Guardian
Their triumphant second album Soar earnt them the prestigious fRoots Critics Poll Album of the Year 2018, and charted inspirational common ground between two traditions.
'You could listen to this 1,000 times and still find something new'★★★★ MojoThe current memory foam mattress market has something for everyone – and that includes sizes galore to fit any need.
From twin to California King, memory foam mattresses are available from most reputable dealers in a variety of sizes designed to provide the closest-to-perfect fit possible.
In addition, many retailers of high quality products offers the “split” option where it is literally split in half so that each user can enjoy their preferred firmness level. The split option is also an advantage for users who may have trouble navigating a large king size memory foam mattress through tight spaces such as stairwells.
source:walmart.com
There are no less than seven varying sizes available for memory foam mattresses. Here is a tutorial on each:
- Twin: designed for use by a single child or adult. Twin dimensions are 39” x 75,” but a Twin XL is also an option at 39” x 80.”
- Full: a roomy sleep surface for a single user or a slightly cramped option for a couple. Full dimensions are 54” x 75” and a Full XL adds five inches to the length for taller users.
- Queen: designed for two users, the Queen mattress’ dimensions are 60” x 80” and again can be extended by five inches in length with an XL upgrade.
- King: a very spacious surface that can easily accommodate most couples. King size dimensions are 76” x 80” and California King is an alternative at 72” x 84” for a slightly narrower and longer profile.
Each user will come to a different conclusion as to which memory foam mattress size fits them best. Everything from physical stature to intended uses and number of users should be considered. In general, it is best to opt for the size just above the one that you feel you will need as personal space requirements may be underestimated in the decision making stage before the user has an opportunity to really get a feel for the bed with regular use.
With so many options available in affordable prices from reputable dealers who use quality materials and production processes, it is no wonder memory foam mattresses have grown to enjoy such popularity.
source:insidebedroom.com
Getting the mattress is crucial as it is now becoming more essential to complete the bedroom arrangement focusing the comfort as well. And those being made now days tend to provide the comfort at full. The only thing that irritates is the price which is high enough to disturb the affordability of the buyer. Therefore, thinking about how to get from the affordable sets involves a lot of things to be taken care of.
It is not a necessary thing to get the king size foam mattress always. This is because even if you buy the king type with the medium quality, you will see the price still higher. It is rather a good idea to get from the queen size affordable mattress sets which are not so bigger in size as the king size and still they can adjust a couple to sleep. The advantage of getting the queen size affordable sets is that you will not have to pay the price as that of king size and it can be fitted in the room of medium or even smaller size.
source:bearmattress.com
If you are willing to get the discount on higher quality and bigger sized mattresses, it will be pretty good to get the one from the store that has direct dealing with the manufacturer. Getting as many third parties removed, as you can, will definitely make you purchase the higher quality affordable mattress sets, more information about them you can read in this blog Practicalsleep.com. If you have access to the warehouse, you can get the higher quality and highly affordable sets with much ease and peace of mind. The mattress warehouse is a place where you can find the bulk of them and more interesting to note that the mattress warehouse always picks the items from the manufacturing company.
The best option to look up the best affordable mattress sets is to go online and get the best quality at the best price. Many of the online stores offer the best prices on the mattress purchase. It is up to you how you go for the best deal.If you are looking to get view the wide range of high quality and affordable mattress sets, visit this blog.Electrician Eschol Park
Quick response enquiry
Quality Electrician Servicing Eschol Park NSW 2558
High quality Residential and Commercial Electrical services for Eschol Park NSW 2558. We cover all aspects of your electrical needs such as:
- LED Lighting Installation
- Wall Mounted TV Brackets
- Switchboard Updates and Upgrades
- Data cabling for home and businesses
- Internet Enabled Intercom Systems
- Electronic Gate Automation Systems
We also service suburbs surrounding Eschol Park, like:
- Electrician Gregory Hills
- Kearns Electrician
- Licensed Electrician Raby
- Eagle Vale Licensed Electrician
- Electrician in Claymore
- Local Electrician in Blairmount
- Woodbine Local Electrician
So if you would like to speak to our friendly electricians and discuss your needs, just contact us on either 0447 730 993 or use one of the many contact forms on this website.SEARCH WITHIN CONTENT
VOLUME 6 , ISSUE 1 ( January-June, 2018 ) > List of Articles
Timi Thomas, Neetha Kamath
Keywords : Menopausal women, Menopause-specific quality of life questionnaire, Quality of life
Citation Information : Thomas T, Kamath N. Assessment of Quality of Life among Menopausal Women with a View to develop an Information Booklet. J South Asian Feder Menopause Soc 2018; 6 (1):57-61.
DOI: 10.5005/jp-journals-10032-1137
Published Online: 01-06-2018
Copyright Statement: Copyright © 2018; Jaypee Brothers Medical Publishers (P) Ltd.
Introduction: Menopause is a natural process that all women go through. It is believed that a major physical and psychological change in a woman\'s life occurs during this period, though every woman may view these changes differently depending on the society and culture they belong to. And, it is also believed that quality of life (QOL) during this transitional period plays a major role in the remaining life of the woman. Evidences support the clinical importance of the transition for many women as a period of temporary changes in health and QOL and long-term changes in several health outcomes may influence women\'s QOL and the likelihood of healthy aging. Aim: The aims of the study were to assess the QOL among women using structured Menopause-specific quality of life (MENQOL) questionnaire and to find out the association between the QOL among women with selected demographic variables. Materials and methods: The researchers used quantitative research approach in the study. A descriptive survey design was used in the study. The sample consisted of 100 menopausal women, selected using convenient sampling technique. The investigator used the demographic pro forma and standardized MENQOL questionnaire for collecting the data. After the assessment of QOL among menopausal women, the researcher distributed the information booklet on menopausal health. The study findings have shown that the participants had average QOL in their menopausal period. An information booklet on menopausal health may improve the QOL among menopausal women and create an awareness regarding menopausal symptoms and its management. Conclusion: The following conclusions were drawn based on the findings of the study: • Most of the mothers had average QOL during menopausal period. • An information booklet regarding menopausal health was effective in creating awareness among menopausal women on QOL during menopausal period.
© Jaypee Brothers Medical Publishers (P) LTD.
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.There are women across the country, like I MARRIED THE WAR’s Carman Hinson, fighting for their loved ones who live with the trauma of war. Carman’s life changed forever when her husband Courtney was attached to a Green Beret team whose sole mission was to hunt down terrorists and liberate the people of Afghanistan and Iraq.
After four deployments, Courtney came home suffering from undiagnosed severe PTSD and TBI recognize the vital role that these spouses play. In I MARRIED THE WAR, a documentary film which investigates the lives of eleven women like Carman, we learn how these spouses fight for their marriages, their families, and their husbands, veterans of WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan.
I am writing about this to ask you to join us by supporting the final stages of this film’s production. IMTW has the potential to help thousands—if not millions—of spouse learn more and make your contribution on our Indiegogo page at If you can’t give but want to help tell this story, please share our Indiegogo page with friends, family and colleagues. With more people aware of this cause, we’ll be one step closer to reaching our goal of educating military spouses that they are not alone and help is available. You will be a part of educating the world about the hidden costs of war.
Thank you.Nightlife » Photo Albums.
Daddy Disco Opening Night @ The Spot :: September 9, 2021..
Key West Tropical Heat 2021 @ Alexander's Guest House, Mangoes and Poke In the Rear Party
More fun was had during Tropical Heat 2021 in Key West with Alexander's Guest House Luau Party, Mangoes Blue Party, and Poke In The Rear Party.
Underwear Party @ Ice Palace Fire Island Grove
Summer days on Fire Island are hot and the nights at the Ice Palace in the Grove are steamy with the DWorld underwear party.
Key West Tropical Heat 2021 @ Island House, Equator and Mangoes
It was a great time in Key West as they celebrated Tropical Heat 2021. Check out these photos from Island House Kickoff Party, Equator Gay Male Resort Pool Party, and Mangoes Drunken Drag Brunch.
FUZZ @ The Alley Bar :: August 13, 2021
It was a hot night in Boston, and so was FUZZ at the Alley Bar (though cool inside).While International Women’s Day is typically celebrated on March 8th, Visa spends the entire month with women and men together – hosting more than 60 events around the world. The “Press for Progress” theme this year celebrates how women everywhere are using their influence to enact positive change in their workplaces and communities. Visa believes in empowering and advancing the careers of all our employees.
Watch how our teams across the globe united to make it an exciting time for both celebration and conversation. Frequently Asked Questions.
What I Do
Buy Seed of Today's Featured Plant
Do you need native plant seed?.
Are you in need of a speaker to give a Presentation on a topic involving plants. All of my presentations are Powerpoint slide shows. Topics include plant identification, landscaping, and creating a bird friendly habitat.
- Property Evaluation updated 8/1/18
- House Sparrow Control updated 7/3/18
- European Starling Control updated 4/3/18
- Homemade Suet updated 3/28/18
2017
- Presentations for Groups updated 11/17/17
- Northern Flicker updated 11/17/14
- Red-headed Woodpecker added 11/15/17
- Black-capped Chickadee added 11/2/17
- House Wren updated 11/2/17
2016
- Eastern Bluebird updated 8/9/16
- Reference Books updated 8/9/16
2015
-
DISCLAIMER: This page contains affiliate links in the right hand panel, which means that if you click on one of the product links, I’ll receive a small commission. This helps support my website and allows me to continue to add new content. Thank you for the support!Awesome Mustang Mach EOn
Awesome Mustang Mach E- Allowed to be able to my personal blog, within this moment I’ll demonstrate regarding Mustang Mach E. And now, this is actually the primary image: Ford Mach E News and Reviews from mustang mach e, source:motor1.com With the introduction of certified pre-owned vehicle programs, the advantages of buying a new carChapter 27 » 27.29
Friends and the Christian church
The Bible
A host of scholars have been at work for centuries to discover and understand the Jesus of history, and with strangely divergent results. The great quest still goes on and I seek to learn from it. But I cannot separate the Lord and Master of the first disciples from his risen spirit and personality which has gone on unfolding itself to those who seek him, healing, renewing, inspiring, redeeming and guiding.
Thus I try to keep in touch with his life and message given first in Palestine, with the impact of his life and personality on the early disciples, as day by day I read a portion of the New Testament; I try, too, to learn something of what his spirit has enabled others to be down all the ages since, from the study of the lives of the saints, both canonised and uncanonised, and by reading some of their writings. In the life of many who would not be called saints, and some even who might not be thought of as good men or women, I find flashes of light which to me are sparks or gleams from the light of Christ. I know that my own thoughts of God, my experience, my clumsy and imperfect prayer, are all penetrated by what Jesus Christ has meant to me. In doubts and difficulty his faith in God’s love, his willingness to face even the awful burden of the cross and all that it involved, are a constant stay, bringing renewal of faith and of hope.
T Edmund Harvey, 194955 APIA students set to receive $500,000 total in scholarships to help advance their academic journeys
CHICAGO – A student inventor, a formerly homeless nursing major, and an aspiring teacher, can put more focus on their dreams and less on how to pay tuition this school year. On Monday, November 8, McDonald’s USA in partnership with APIA Scholars – one of the nation’s leading non-profit organizations for Asian Pacific Islander American college scholarships – announced its 2021 McDonald’s/APIA Scholarship recipients. Furthering its longtime commitment to providing resources to students, the scholarship program, established in 2019, is dedicated to addressing the financial barriers that prevent students from pursuing higher education.
According to Pew Research, Asian Pacific Islander Americans are the most economically divided ethnic group in the U.S., with the top 10% earning nearly 11 times more than those in the bottom 10%. Pew Research also found that income inequality is rising most rapidly within the APIA community.
“There are tremendous socio-economic hurdles within the Asian Pacific Islander American community, which are often overlooked because of the model minority myth. APIAs are not a monolith and income disparities in our community are very real,” said Noël Harmon, President and Executive Director of APIA Scholars. “We’re proud to work with McDonald’s to address these issues and help underserved students reach their full potential.”
Aligning with the program’s mission to aid students who face challenges paying for college, 67% of this year’s scholarship recipients are from families in significant financial need. Half a million dollars in scholarships will be awarded to 55 APIA students, which includes 15 four-year scholarships for $20,000 each and 40 one-year scholarships for $5,000 each. The scholarship recipients were selected based on their academic achievement, leadership ability, and community involvement.
Many of this year’s McDonald’s/APIA Scholars have overcome personal hardships that have inspired them to uplift their communities through education. Some of their stories include:
- Daisy, 19, is a Filipino-American student from Las Vegas, who is formerly homeless and a survivor of domestic violence. Inspired by the help she received during her time of need, she is pursuing a career in nursing to take care of others.
- Shanay, 18, is an Indian-American student inventor from Madison, Mississippi who created an affordable 3D-printed prosthetic after witnessing the daily struggles of his double amputee aunt. He plans to develop a prototype for global production.
- Harjot, 18, is an Indian-American aspiring teacher from Kent, Washington on a mission to diversify U.S. history curriculum. In addition to ensuring inclusion of different voices and perspectives, he hopes to increase minority representation among educators.
“These are tough times, but we remain committed to helping students reach their dreams regardless of their financial limitations,” said Elizabeth Campbell, Senior Director of Cultural Engagement, McDonald’s USA. “Maintaining our partnership with APIA Scholars enables us to identify those in need and make a difference in their lives.”
Representing 17 Asian Pacific Islander American subgroups across 28 states, this year’s class of McDonald’s/APIA Scholars are both ethnically and geographically diverse. Additionally, 94% of the recipients are first generation immigrants and 56% will be the first in their family to attend college. The ethnic breakdown of the recipients is as follows:
38% are Southeast Asian (Vietnamese, Hmong, Cambodian, Filipino, Karen, Burmese, Chamorro/Guamanian, Fijian, Tahitian, and Tongan)
29% are East Asian (Chinese, Japanese, and Korean)
20% are South Asian (Bangladeshi, Indian, and Pakistani)
9% are Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
4% are West Asian (Afghan).
“As small business owners, we are committed to serving our local communities and know the importance of investing in communities of color,” said Willie Cho, a Seattle-based McDonald’s Owner/Operator and National Diversity Marketing Committee Lead. “Through initiatives like the McDonald’s/APIA Scholarship and APA Next, we are feeding and fostering communities, and remain inspired to make a difference.”
The scholarship is a signature program of APA Next, a recently launched education platform by McDonald’s, created to empower and uplift Asian Pacific Islander American students through their education journey– both in and out of the classroom and beyond. Some of APA Next’s other initiatives include:
- A partnership with the Shine wellness app to provide mental health resources for students
- The APA Next content series featuring Asian Pacific Islander American thought leaders
- Virtual education workshops led by academic professionals.
Learn more about the upcoming 2022-2023 APIA Scholarship application and APA Next by visiting APANext.com.
Below are the 2021 McDonald’s/APIA Scholarship recipients:
Addison Zou from Collierville, TN attending Williams College;
Ahmad Zaki Amin from Des Moines, WA attending Highline Community College;
Akiko Jindo from Bronx, NY attending Williams College;
Alexandria Shavers from Oakland, CA attending University of California-Berkeley;
Alicia L. Kanapilly from Tinley Park, IL attending University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign;
Annie Xiong from Sacramento, CA attending California State University-Sacramento;
Arrianna Anastasia Ebert from Carrboro, NC attending Johnson & Wales University-Charlotte;
Brandon Kaniala William Kohatsu-Robeson from Waimanalo, HI attending Creighton University;
Christina Pham from San Jose, CA attending DeAnza College;
Daisy P. from Las Vegas, NV attending University of Nevada-Las Vegas;
December Paw from Des Moines, IA attending Drake University;
Delia Zhou from Oakland, CA attending University of California-Berkeley;
Diamond Thlang from Saint Paul, MN attending Stanford University;
Eric Wang from Saint Paul, MN attending Yale University;
Ester Paw from Hartford, CT attending College of the Holy Cross;
Hanako Rose Lynn Gurley from Anderson, IN attending Indiana University-Bloomington;
Harjot Singh from Kent, WA attending University of Washington-Seattle;
Jason Lin from Brooklyn, NY attending Stony Brook University;
Jayson Lin from Montezuma, GA attending Harvard University;
Jennifer Le from Washington, D.C. attending Yale University;
Jessica Le Ta from Buckeye, AZ attending Arizona State University;
Jian Ming Chen from Oakland, CA attending Massachusetts Institute of Technology;
John Gabriel Espinas Flora from Las Vegas, NV attending University of Nevada-Las Vegas;
Joymin Sarker from Corona, NY attending CUNY Queens College;
Kazi Maisha Begum from Danbury, CT attending University of Connecticut;
Keryn Ear from College Park, GA attending Kennesaw State University;
Kevin Lin from Milford, DE attending University of Delaware;
Khandaker Aqib from Buford, GA attending Stanford University;
Krystal Nguyen from New Port Richey, FL attending St. Petersburg College;
Kushal Kevin Prasad from Elk Grove, CA attending University of California-Santa Cruz;
Lexis Sablan from Barrigada, GU attending Columbia University in the City of New York;
Lisa T. Thai from Fort Smith, AR attending University of Arkansas-Fort Smith;
Maheono Teinaohiva Guilloux-Chevalier from Las Vegas, NV attending University of Nevada-Reno;
Meng Moua from Milwaukee, WI attending University of Wisconsin-Madison;
Mohammad Muntakim from Detroit, MI attending Wayne State University;
Muhammad Ali Raja from Las Vegas, NV attending College of Southern Nevada;
Nazmin Begum from Dorchester, MA attending University of Massachusetts-Boston;
Nina Gao from Philadelphia, PA attending University of Pennsylvania;
Nuo Xu from East Longmeadow, MA attending University of Massachusetts Amherst;
Pa Houa Xiong from Saint Paul, MN attending Metropolitan State University;
Pravdeep Banwait from Houston, TX attending The University of Texas at Austin;
Quy Nguyen from Miami, FL attending Florida State University;
Raqeebullah Hasan from Edison, NJ attending Stevens Institute of Technology;
Rayyan Siddique from Ozone Park, NY attending New York Institute of Technology;
Sarah Hwang from Los Angeles, CA attending University of Southern California;
Selena Nguyen from Burien, WA attending University of Washington-Seattle;
Shanay Desai from Madison, MS attending Vanderbilt University;
Thuy Kien from Des Moines, IA attending University of Iowa;
Thuy An Hoang from Blaine, MN attending Century College;
Tien Dang Le from Lawrenceville, GA attending Middlebury College;
Tiffany Zhang from Wamego, KS attending Rutgers University-New Brunswick;
Tou Lao Moua from Saint Paul, MN attending Minneapolis College of Art and Design;
Yati Phuepwint from Austin, TX attending Colorado State University-Fort Collins;
Yebin Lee from Auburn, AL attending Auburn University;
Yuan Yang Liu from Philadelphia, PA attending Temple University.100 episodes
John Grimsmo of Grimsmo Knives and John Saunders of NYC CNC discuss their success, struggles, goals and more as machinists, business owners and entrepreneurs.
Business of Machining John Grimsmo & John Saunders
- Business
5.0 • 16 Ratings
John Grimsmo of Grimsmo Knives and John Saunders of NYC CNC discuss their success, struggles, goals and more as machinists, business owners and entrepreneurs.
#248 - "The Trades Have Been Good To Me" - Tom Lipton
TOPICS:
- DIY a Monochromatic Light Source & Optical Flats from Ukraine
- Geeking Out: Zeiss- From Eye Doc to CNC Machine Shop
- ERP System Development: Are We There Yet?
- 10 Rules for Entrepreneurial Success
- Okuma Chip Conveyor - Wasting Pans!
- Ultrasonic Cleaners
- The NEW Prusa: Don't Over-Engineer Parts!
- Thanksgiving in the USA
We really appreciate everyone who tunes in to listen, everyone who has helped us along the way, and everyone who is part of the CNC family!
#247 - Problems & More Problems
TOPICS:
Saunders got his Okuma chip conveyer this morning. Horizontal milling machines. Haas lathe origin went wonky. Grimsmo is diving into optical flats. Watch this! Rask blade surface finish issues. Willemin updates.
#246 - CMM for the Poor Man, Dealing with Fraud, Okuma, Ripple on Spine of Knife
TOPICS:
- Fraud and small businesses: Don't be emotional; make a protocol!
- Okuma Training & Pre-Staged Tooling Quirk in OSP: Post Processor Solution?
- Starrett Optical Comparator & Mitutoyo Electronic Indicator
- Visible Valley in Knife Spine: How to Pinpoint the Problem
- Debate on Hiring Gives Saunders New Perspective
- Higher Education: Is is a Must?
Read 10 pages per night!
The Hard Thing About Hard Things - Ben Horowitz
Good to Great: Why Some Companies Make the Leap and Others Don't
#245 - How To Stay On Track
TOPICS:
Student internships & explaining machining to a 16 year old. Willemin updates! Grimsmo purchased an optical comparator and it is incredible. Horizontal milling machines. Saunders' Okuma is getting isntalled. Daily to do lists is huge! Preview attachment Saunders regional map_v2.pdf
Saunders regional map_v2.pdf
6.7 MB
#244 - Willemin, Okuma Genos M660, Automation, and More!
Topics:
Grimsmo shares exciting updates about the powered up Willemin as Saunders eagerly awaits word on his own Willemin! Loading Code Onto Machines (Sneakernet, Ethernet, and Floppy Disks) Deep Dive into Automation Cells, Robot Arms, & Erowa Pallet System Haberle automation cell for Fanuc Robodrills:
- Okuma is arriving at SMW! Good thing they've got Northern Tool rigging skates Horizontal Milling Machines Podcast winner, "Stress is a choice." Starrett Optical Comparator strapped to the top of a Miada?
#243 - New Machines, New Adventures & Humbling Experiences
TOPICS:
Saunders had a humbling experience shooting and editing a video to completion again! Watch here. New air compressors. Optical comparators. 8 Deadly wastes - D.O.W.N.T.I.M.E Saunders is getting his Okuma very soon! Grimsmo gets the Willemin powered up!
Customer Reviews
Return episode numbers
Hi there, been really enjoying this podcast!
You have recently removed episode numbers from the titles, I think it was better to have them, easier to track as the podcast app interface being sometimes finicky. Thanks!
Great Podcast
I have been watching John and John on YouTube for years and finally got around to listening to their podcast. I can safely say I look forward to my commute to and from work everyday! The content is amazing and very inspiring for people who are looking to start their own business or even model concepts covered in their own lives.
Keep up the good work guys.
Sincerely,
Nik
Life changing
John and John both have really helped me up my game as an entrepreneur. They make most of there struggles public on this awesome podcast. Letting us know we all make mistakes. They focus on how we can learn and better ourselves from those mistakes. Keep up the good work.Enter a term in the search box to find its definition.
Use the controls in the far right panel to increase or decrease the number of terms automatically displayed (or to completely turn that feature off).
Archives.
Daniel Nethery is the associate editor and Emmanuel Vincent is the founder of Climate Feedback. Climate Feedback is launching a crowdfunding campaign today. To support this initiative please visit the campaign page. Click here to read the rest of the)More About ‘Bible’
“To the unknown god!”
[...]
20 Resolutions
>>IMAGE God of Your Own Making
Great Love For God’s Word
“You never know how much you really believe anything until its truth or falsehood becomes a matter of life and death to you.” – C.S. Lewis
An Invitation to the Thirsty
Isaiah 55:1-13, [...]
And the Word became flesh…
The angel [...]
Answer Me When I Call
[...]
Augustine on the Authority of Holy Scripture
[...]
Being Led to the Scriptures
[...]
Beware of Your Christian Service!
.
Blessed Are the Forgiven
[...]
Cameron Buettel: WOW – I Just Found Global Warming in the Bible! [...]
Can You Lose Your Salvation?
In this sermon Doug Eaton discusses Perseverance of the Saints, also known as, “eternal security” or “once saved, always saved.” You can download this message from Doug’s website.
Can You Trust the Bible?
Ravi Zacharias provides strong evidence for the authenticity of the Bible.
Changing the Rules
[...]
Charles Spurgeon on “Non-Essential” Doctrines
[...]
Charles Spurgeon on John Bunyan
Charles Spurgeon, Autobiography | “[John Bunyan] had studied our Authorized Version . . . till his whole being was saturated with Scripture; and though his writings are charmingly full of poetry, yet he cannot give us his Pilgrim’s Progress—that sweetest of all prose poems—without continually making us feel and say, ‘Why, this man is a [...]
Covetousness Denounced
[...]
Cyril of Jerusalem on the Authority of Holy Scripture
[...]
David Brainerd & the Strength that God Supplies
[...]
David Prays in the Assembly
[...]
Desire Pure Religion
“An appalling and horrible thing has happened in the land: the prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests rule at their direction; my people love to have it so, but what will you do when the end comes?” (Jeremiah 5:30-31)
Divine Immutability
[...]
Do You Really Use Your Bible As Much As You Ought?
[...]
Every Idle Word
“I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment. For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.” – Jesus, Matthew 12:36-37, KJV
Every Nation, All Tribes, Peoples & Tongue
); “For the earth will [...]
Ezekiel 18: God Deals Justly
Then the word of the LORD came to me, saying, “What do you mean by using this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, ‘The fathers eat the sour grapes, But the children’s teeth are set on edge’? “As I live,” declares the Lord GOD, “you are surely not going to use this proverb in [...]
Ezra Prays About Intermarriage
[...]
Fear the LORD & Walk In His Ways!
A Song of Asc [...]
Feed On The Word Yourselves!
For Such Was Your Gracious Will
[...]
Future Glory
>>IMAGE, [...]
God Himself Is Judge
Psalms 50 | [...]
God Is My Strength & Portion Forever
[...]
God Ruled Her Heart
A fellow prisoner who was a priest in a Russian prison had betrayed Zoya. He made false accusations about her so that he could be released from prison and escape his own torture. During the trial, Zoya refused to say one word against him. She said, “When Judas betrayed Jesus, he was a treacherous man. [...]
God the King of the Earth
To the choirmaster. A Psalm of the Sons of Korah. Clap your hands, all peoples! Shout to God with loud songs of joy! For the LORD, the Most High, is to be feared, a great king over all the earth. He subdued peoples under us, and nations under our feet. He chose our heritage for [...]
God Works ALL Things According to the Counsel of His Will
)
Hannah’s Prayer
(1)  [...]
Hermeneutics 101
hur-muh-noo-tiks is the scholar’s way of saying “the craft of interpreting Scripture.” From the New Attitude blog here are seven questions to ask every Bible passage you come across in order to help you better interpret the passage. All this on just one page you can print out and keep in your Bible.
How do we know the Bible came from God?
[...]
How does the Bible describe the natural man?
Majestic Is Your Name
. [...]
Humbly Reading Your Bible
J.C. Ryle | [...]
If Any Man Teach Otherwise
, [...]
If experience has taught us anything…
Can experience be the measure of all things? Is all peace which we experience the same peace? How about love? Where does witnessing and truth fit into the mix?
Irenaeus on the Authority of Holy Scripture
_49<< [...]
Isaiah 58
[...]
J.I. Packer on Scriptural Authority
alal Abualrub vs. James White
These two video clips are taken from a debate between Jalal Abualrub and James White.
James White on Romans 9
James White discusses the meaning and context of Romans 9 – Click to listen!
John MacArthur: Thinking Biblically
[...]
John Piper Recites Romans 8
John Piper: The Morning I Heard the Voice of God
I just saw this on Challies.com and thought it was worth mentioning here. John Piper speaks about: The Morning I Heard the Voice of God [...]
King Darius’ Decree
[...]
King Jesus
>>IMAGE [...]
Lying Prophets & False Oracles
. [...]
Man Cannot Know God’s Ways
[...]
Meditating on Scripture
[...]
Morning Prayer
Give ear to my words, O LORD; consider my groaning. Give attention to the sound of my cry, my King and my God, for to you do I pray. O LORD, in the morning you hear my voice (Psa. 5:1-3). Your anger is but for a moment, and your favor is for a lifetime. Weeping [...]
My Soul Waits for the Lord
. [...]
New Interpretations
R.C. Sproul, The Agony of Deceit | If, upon reading a particular passage, you have come up with an interpretation that has escaped the notice of every other Christian for two thousand years, or has been championed by universally recognized heretics, chances are pretty good that you had better abandon your interpretation.
Obedience & the Sovereign Hand of God (2 Chronicles 30)
_67<< [...]
Obscure Scriptures
[...]
Parallel Passages in New Testament quoted from Old Testament
The list contains not only the direct or indirect citations, but also the allusions which are particularly worthy of attention: and the passages are given in the order of the Books of the New Testament. Continue Reading
Paul’s Defense Before King Agrippa
[...]
Psalm 118: His Steadfast Love Endures Forever
[...]
Psalm 119 – Your Word Is a Lamp to My Feet
(1) Aleph. [...]
Psalm 16: My Portion in Life & Deliverer in Death
[...]
Psalm 39:4-6
Psalm 39:4-6 | [...]
Psalm 76-80; Proverbs 16: A Devotional
Pastor Ken Silva of Apprising Ministries taught me that if I wanted to learn of how great God is and learn how to praise Him, I should read five Psalms every day. He also taught me that if I wanted to think like God and have His wisdom, that I should read at least one [...]
Psalm 81-85; Proverbs 17: A Devotional
How lovely is your dwelling place, O Lord of Heaven’s Armies. I long, yes, faint with longing to enter the courts of the Lord. With my whole being, body and soul, I will shout joyfully to the living God. Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow builds her nest and raises her young [...]
Psalm 86-90; Proverbs 18: A Devotional
Lord, [...]
Psalm 91-95; Proverbs 19: A Devotional
[...]
Psalms 51
[...]
Psalms 94
O LORD God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, show thyself. Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud. LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph? How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of [...]
Puritan Rappers?
Does your pastor preach it like these guys rap? This track was written by Shai Linne, from Lamp Mode. Go to for more information. The lyrics are below.
R.C. Sproul – Sola Scriptura
HT: Recover the Gospel
Read It!
“If [...]
Reformed Theology in One Verse
[...]
Renew Your Mind – Paul Washer
Romans 7: Law & Sin
No Longer Bound to the Law (1) Or do you not know, brothers–for I am speaking to those who know the law–that the law is binding on a person only as long as he lives? (2) Thus a married woman is bound by law to her husband while he lives, but if her husband dies [...]
Samuel’s Farewell Address
[...]
Saved by Faith or Saved by Works?
“For grace is given not because we have done good works, but in order that we may be able to do them.” – Augustine of Hippo (354-430) “God, being rich in mercy, because of His great love with which He loved us, even when we were dead in our transgressions, made us alive together with [...]
Sola Scriptura Debate – James White’s Closing Statement
Solomon’s Prayer
[...]
Speak, Whether They Hear or Refuse To Hear
Ezekiel 3:11 And go to the exiles, to your people, and speak to them and say to them, ‘Thus says the Lord GOD,’ whether they hear or refuse to hear.“ Ezekiel 3:17-21 “Son of man, I have made you a watchman for the house of Israel. Whenever you hear a word from my mouth, you [...]
Tehellim – Psalm 143
Tehellim refers to the book of Psalms. Literally it means “Praises” and is derived from the word Halal (to praise) as in Hallelujah. “Praise Yahweh/Jehovah”. – A short look at Psalm 143. May God’s people share together always in His praises. A Psalm of David. 1 Hear my prayer, O LORD, Give ear to my [...]
The First Epistle of John
Chapter [...]
The Kingdom of Heaven is like…
[...]
The LORD Surrounds His People
A Song of Ascents. [...]
The Mystery of Resurrection
[...]
The Need for Regular Discipline
“You do not become a master musician by playing just as you please, by imagining that learning the scales is sheer legalism and bondage! No, true freedom in any area of life is the consequence of regular discipline. It is no less true (in the spiritual realm).” – Sinclair B. Ferguson
The One Sufficient Sacrifice
Steadfast Love of God Endures
[...]- Shop by Category
- For Buyers
- For Suppliers
- Customer Service
- About BuyerSeller
See more Health care-supplies at All Categories.
Unable to find your desired Health care-supplies ?
Get Quotations of top quality Health care-supplies from verified suppliers today!
5000(Min. Order)
Trade Alert - Delivering the latest product trends and industry news straight to your inbox.Saturday, 29 December 2012
the Medusa Oak: Icon of Medieval Sherwood Forest
Named 'Medusa' by the Rangers at the Sherwood Forest National Nature Reserve...
This beautiful ancient oak has survived an attempt to fell her in the not too distant past- and has sprung back to life with serpent-like branches reclaiming her former crown. She sits proud; shrouded in a skirt of moss and lichen surrounded by young oak saplings and slender Silver Birch...
Due north of the Major Oak, Medusa sits at the norteast boundary of Birklands wood (A crown wood in the heart of Medieval Sherwood Forest). A number of Medieval perambulations of the wood mention a boundary 'mere point' or marker known as 'Musmere' ( the mossy boundary mark)... one perambulation goes further and mentions 'A bound called Musmere Oake'. This location is at the northeast of Birklands wood...
Could this moss and lichen covered oak tree with its reborn crown of serpents be the Musmere Oak of Medieval tradition?
Monday, 24 December 2012
Merry Christmas!
Happy Christmas from Medieval Sherwood Forest to all our friends and followers!!!
Enjoy the festive season and all the feasting and merriment!
To stay up to date with Medieval Sherwood Forest its archaeology, history, landscape, people, the dreaded forest law, Robin Hood and Outlaws and Villians...
Enjoy the festive season and all the feasting and merriment!
To stay up to date with Medieval Sherwood Forest its archaeology, history, landscape, people, the dreaded forest law, Robin Hood and Outlaws and Villians...
Please follow us on facebook/sherwoodforesthistory for regular posts, photographs stories, and links to groups undertaking work in the historic forest...
Saturday, 1 December 2012
Daily life in Medieval Sherwood Forest- Peasant Rights
Medieval society and the medieval landscape were for the common person predominantly rural and agricultural in nature.
Very little of the landscape was not utilised, and in some areas such as the ‘Champion’ (from the French champ- for field) landscapes of the
Midlands,
almost every inch was turned over to arable- especially in the boom years of
population expanse during the 13th century.
In
Sherwood Forest it was similar, in that almost every
resource was used.
Every village had its great open fields, where crops were rotated through the season, and the people farmed strips of land spread throughout them. Each year one field stood fallow to recover for the following years crops.
This fallow field was fertilized by the animals of the village. Pigs and sheep would be concentrated at night into temporary pens to ‘focus’ their fertilization efforts.
Between these times it was necessary to graze animals away from the open fields.
No matter how much an animal fertilizes a field it will always take more nutrients than it returns, if it grazes exclusively from the same field that it fertilizes, as it requires nutrients to grow.
An external source of nutrients and energy was therefore required, and in
Sherwood
Forest this came from the great heaths and Lyngges ( Old
Scandinavian for heather- see There’s Vikings in the Heather entry).
Shepherds and swineherds would tend their flocks and herds on these vast swathes of lowland heath around
Sherwood Forest that
stretched for mile after mile across the open countryside. Vast areas such as
‘Basforde Lyngges’, the heaths of Rufford Abbey Lordship, ‘Budby Oute Fieldes’ and
the ‘Moor of Kirby’, would be dotted with these herds, and the sight of flocks
and shepherds would have been common to the traveller passing through the
forest.
Each parish had their own areas of woodland, usually at their edges.
In the more populated southern ‘Thorneywood’ area they occupied the high ground between parishes, such as on the ridges between the villages of Lambley, Woodborough and Calverton.
These woods often joined together to form giant woods that could cover miles, but they each had names reflecting to whom they belonged. Carleton Wode, Gedling Wode, Basforde Wode (named after villages) Kettulbarne Haw, Fox Swaht, Prior Stobyn, Samson Wode (after landscape features or owners past and present).
In the ‘High Forest’, (the northern part of Sherwood Forest) these woods were sometimes vast such as the great Maunsfelde (Mansfield) Wode, Sutton Wode, Blidworth Wood and Hay Wode, as well as the great crown woods of the Hay of Birklands, Bilhaugh and Lyndhurst Wood (see Lyndhurst Wood- the chief wood of Sherwood entry).
It is worth reminding that nobody could actually cut down the tress in these woods for timber because it was forbidden by Forest Law (see Forest Law page). However the rights to the woods were heavily guarded by the people, because they had other kinds of rights within them.
As well as the rights to pasture on the great heaths and commons peasants had the right to graze their animals in woodland at certain times of the year. One such time was the ‘Pannage’ season (just after the acorns fell) when peasant could graze their pigs on acorns in the woods of the forest.
These rights to access woods were strictly controlled under Forest Law with ‘Agisters’ acting as tax collectors to control quotas and extract fines (see Forest Law Page)
Peasants also had the right to take some smaller timber from the woods for ‘Haybote’ (hedge repair) and ‘Husbote’ (house repair).
These rights were often jealously guarded!
An Inquisition Post Mortem into the rights of the people of Clipstone Manor, dated
20th April 1327 early in the reign of Edward III shows some of the rights of the peasant to the
resources of their land.
The Inquisition was presented in front of John De Crombwell Keeper of the Kings Forest beyond Trent, by the oath of John de Annesley; Philip de Caltoft, knight; Thomas Whaton; Richard Russell; Richard Ingam; John de Holm; Richard de Bestewod (Bestwood); Thomas de Lyndeby; Simon de Lameley; John le Warde of Crathethopre; William Basage; and john Moigne of Carleton…
‘The King’s tenants of his manor of Clypston in Shirwod (Sherwood), which is of ancient demesne of the crown of England, and their ancestors, tenants of the same manor, from time immemorial have been accustomed to have all ferns growing in a place which is now called the park of Clypston, for thirteen shillings and six pence, to be rendered yearly to the King’s ancestors by the hands of the justice of the Forest; and to collect the leaves fallen from the trees in the same place for manuring their lands, without rendering anything therefor; and to have pasture for all kinds of beasts in the same, doing in return the custody of the vert and venison in the same place by two of the tenants’.
This shows how the peasants had customary rights to access the ‘park’ for livestock grazing, and to gather ferns and leaves for fertilizer, (in exchange for looking after the deer and timber for the King)
It also shows that they were empowered enough to appeal through the court system to protect those rights.
The reason for the inquest is that Edward II had closed off access to the park, preventing them from their customary rights. The newly crowned Edward III was being petitioned by the men of Clipstone to have their rights returned. They also informed the King that he was losing the money they would normally pay for their rights!!!
Presumably he would be more likely to listen if his wallet was affected.
The men also pointed out that they could not get sufficient pasture outside of the park for their needs- as stated earlier nutrients for flocks and open fields needed to come from somewhere other than the fields themselves.
So as can be seen the landscape of Sherwood Forest provided opportunities for people to make their living from agriculture and from accessing the resources that the Forest provided around them. It was also the case that people would guard these rights vigorously, petitioning through the courts and to the legal system.
The laws of the land prevented many people from having many things, but they also enshrined rights over generations and the law could be called upon to protect those rights if they were threatened.
(More on farming practices in Medieval Sherwood Forest including the ‘Breck System’, and more on the courts and laws of everyday medieval life coming soon).Resident Registration
If you recently moved into DC Ranch, or if you have never registered for a resident account, please fill out the form below to access resident-only content on the website. This will also register you for DC Ranch resident email communications. If you have any questions, email communications.team@Jewelry_1<<_3<<_8<<_11<<_12<<_13<<_17<<_18<<_19<<_20<<.
Best Jewelry Making Supplies On Amazon
Share the love!
The Best Jewelry Making Supplies To Buy On Amazon
Is there anything better than spending an hour wandering around a bead store? Bead lovers know that no online shopping experience compares with visiting a bead store in person and touching ALL. THE. BEADS. Of course while you're there, it's easy to pick up other jewelry making supplies as well, such as beading thread or a new pair of pliers.
Also, being at the store in person is best for designing jewelry and color matching beads. I have been known to take a little plastic bag filled with beads I'm trying to match or color coordinate with into the bead store. Yes, I am that person! We all know when designing a new beaded jewelry piece, seeing how the colors will go together just can't be done right on a computer screen.
Also, I know when I shop at a local bead store, I'm supporting a small business and helping to ensure they will be around for a long time to come!
However, there are beading and jewelry making supplies that you will want to always have on hand, and you can't always make time for a bead store run. For those items, you can't beat the convenience of shopping on Amazon.
For that reason, I've compiled a list of my favorite go-to jewelry making supplies that I like to buy on Amazon. The convenience factor is huge, and more often than not, the items are cheaper than anywhere else. Another great thing is all of these items are Prime eligible, which means if you are a Prime customer, they arrive super fast, and with free shipping!
Ready? Let's get started with my list of my favorite jewelry making supplies you can buy on Amazon.
This page contains some affiliate links (which means if you make a purchase after clicking a link, I will earn a small commission at no additional cost to you). Read my full disclosure policy here.
1. FireLine Beading Thread
I've always been resistant to using any kind of fishing line for beading, but once I tried FireLinefor beadweaving, I was convinced! After many years of using Nymo, FireLine is now my go-to thread for bead weaving and I never want to be without it! I like the FireLine 6 lb. weight in Clear for bead weaving because it is small enough to pass through tiny seed beads and Delica beads multiple times, but it's strong enough to protect your finished piece. It also adds a little structure to your piece as you are weaving, which is another feature I really like.
FireLine is available in Clear and Smoke colors, so there's a color option for dark and light beads (Smoke is a very dark grey). I've found that it doesn't knot up as often as traditional beading thread, and when it does get tangled, it's a lot easier to untangle the knot. FireLine is also very resistant to abrasion from sharp glass edges, which is a big deal. Nymo and other traditional beading threads will start to fray over time when bead weaving with many tiny glass beads.
FireLine shouldn't be your first choice for heavier bracelets and necklaces - for those projects, you'll want to use a flexible beading wire like Beadalon (available in Silver or Gold Color) or Soft Flex. But for bead weaving and any other lightweight project with seed beads, FireLine can't be beat.
You can pick up FireLine beading thread from Amazon here.
2. Elizabeth Ward Bead Storage
These Elizabeth Ward Bead Storage Solutions bead storage boxes are another thing I resisted for a long time. I'm so glad I decided to try them! Yes, they are more expensive than cheap fishing tackle boxes, but in my opinion, they are SO worth it. Really, they are way more than bead storage boxes... they are a bead storage system.
I'm so crazy about them that I've thrown out all of my mis-matched, differently sized tackle boxes and moved all of my beads and findings into a series of these storage boxes. It was quite an undertaking, but I'm so happy I did it.
I know what you are thinking. Those bead boxes are expensive! You can buy a fishing tackle box from Wal-Mart or a craft storage box from Michael's for a couple of bucks! And yes, that's true. But these bead storage containers are far and away better than the cheaper alternatives. Let's talk for a minute about why.
But what about fishing tackle boxes for jewelry making supply storage?
I started out storing my beads and findings, like most people do, in fishing tackle boxes. Yes, they are cheap and easy to pick up at places like Walmart, so you can have a bazillion of them without spending a fortune.
However, I didn't like how the compartment sizes were either too deep, or too wide, or not wide enough, or all the same size. I also didn't like how my seed beads were in different boxes and containers than my larger beads ( like my Czech and Swarovski crystals) because of the size differences. Of course my findings didn't work in a box with compartments all the same size either, so I had to get different tackle boxes for those.
Yeah, I know some tackle boxes have adjustable compartment walls, but when you pull them out, all the beads on either side of the wall flood together into the new, larger space.
You can tell I've really thought this through.
Also, the fishing tackle box compartments don't close individually. If you accidentally drop your open bead box (and who hasn't done that at least once?), all of your beads will go EVERYWHERE.
Finally, when it's time to take your beads out for a project, you can't easily remove them to compare them to other beads as you plan. Instead, you have to fish them out a few at a time from their compartment. Oh, and don't get me started on the knuckle scraping as you get the beads out of their individual compartments... it's a pain.
The ideal jewelry making supplies storage solution
So, imagine a world where your beads live happily ever after all together, in their own individual little bead boxes with their own individual lids. Imagine seed beads in tiny bead boxes, and tall findings like headpins in a little bead box that fits them perfectly, too. Whatever size your beads, findings, jump rings, crystal beads, or crimp beads are, you have a little bead box for each one that they fit in just right.
Now imagine ALL of those different shaped bead containers fit neatly into rows in a bead box with a lid. You can have a limitless number of combinations of small, medium, and large bead boxes within one bead storage box. Want to store your beads by color? No problem. Just move the small bead containers around to make new rows by color.
What about having all of your seed beads in one storage box, larger beads in other boxes, and then findings on their own in another? That's no problem either (and that's what I do).
Features and uses
You can also use these storage boxes as project boxes if you want. You can easily load up the rows with assorted beads and findings for a project you are working on so you can see all the colors and how they work together. You'll have everything in one place, too, so you can bead on the go if you do that sort of thing (I certainly do!).
Elizabeth Ward Bead Storage Solutions bead storage boxes are available in a variety of configurations. The 45 piece box shown above has 45 small containers in varying sizes. They also have an 82 piece version, perfect for seed beads or Delica beads, because all the containers are the same very small size. These two versions are the ones I use as my bead storage system.
The 4 piece box has a bead tray perfect for travel (but doesn't fit any bead containers). The 2 piece box has only a top lid and bottom, so just the empty box. You can buy the bead containers separately and configure the containers in whatever sizes you like. You can also use the 2 piece box as a project board, with a half of it filled with bead containers and the other half with your tools, string or wire, and your work in progress.
These bead boxes are available at bead stores and some craft stores, but no one can beat the price on Amazon, which is why I have them on this list!
Labeling the beads and findings storage boxes
To make remembering where you bought certain jewelry making supplies and beads easier, these storage boxes come with a full sheet of sticky labels that you can write a note on and stick to each container:
The labels can go on the top of the container, or the bottom, as shown above. I actually prefer to make my own labels for these storage containers, though. For my seed bead storage, I like to put the seed bead number (ex: DB1250) on a small, clear label I print out with my Dymo label maker, like this:
This way the label doesn't cover up the clear bottom of the container.
The DYMO label maker spits out labels quickly and is a breeze to use. In fact, my 8 year old daughter loves to be in charge of printing the labels and putting them on the bead containers when new seed beads arrive!
This is the Dymo label maker I use, which can be found here on Amazon.
3. Wubbers Jewelry Making Pliers
No list of jewelry making supplies would be complete without jewelry making tools. There are so many great tools out there, both in stores and online. If you are new to jewelry making, you will want to check out my Beginner's Guide To Jewelry Making Tools post. In it you'll find specific information about what features you want to look for when tool shopping. I also give you my recommendations of the 3 must have tools you need to have to get started jewelry making! You can read that post here.
Jewelry making tools are the most expensive things you'll buy when you are getting started making jewelry, and it's great to be able to save money when you can. Amazon has great prices on my favorite jewelry making tools from Wubbers.
Wubbers offers a wide variety of traditional jewelry making tools, like round nose and flat nose pliers. They also offer a variety of specialty jewelry making tools as well. The quality is great and although they are a little more expensive than some of the tools you can buy from the craft store, they are so worth it. The prices on Amazon are the best I've seen, too, which is why I recommend always buying them on Amazon.
About Wubbers' plier sizes
Wubbers' traditional jewelry making pliers come in two sizes, Classic and Baby. I have both, but I prefer the Baby size. They aren't really small, just smaller than the Classic which I think are a tad too big for the average sized hand.
Both Classic and Baby size Wubbers come with teal colored hand grips and a spring mechanism, which are two features I highly recommend in
my Beginner's Guide To Jewelry Making Tools post. They are all around great pliers and I plan to invest in some of their specialty tools when the need arises!
You can see of the Baby sized Wubbers pliers on Amazon here. You can buy them individually, or they also have sets of 3 or 4 pliers that come with a handy little wood stand. Wubbers pliers are great!
4. Darice Clear Storage Box with Screw Top Lids
Do you bead on the go? I know I do. I'm out of the house a lot with my kids' various sports and activities, and I always like to have a bead project with me for the down times during things like baseball practices and dentist appointments.
I do a lot of beadweaving with Delica beads, and for works in progress to take on the go, I love these little Darice clear storage boxes with screw top lids. Again, they can be purchased at a lot of stores, but the prices on Amazonmake it affordable to have a few of them on hand.
Here is an example of how I use these storage boxes as portable project boxes:
My setup involves taking out all of the screw top containers and only using the ones that I need. Inside the box is my beading pattern which has a color coded beaded chart (every bead color has a letter A through E). I also have my favorite pair of small curved Fiskars scissors and a small spool of FireLine tucked away in there.
I use my handy dandy Dymo Label Maker to print clear labels with the letters A through E so I can easily identify the beads in the screw top containers. In addition, I stick a pencil in the box to mark the pattern rows as I go, pop the top on, and that's it!
Again, I love these little boxes, and they are a great jewelry making item you can find on Amazon.
I hope this article about the best jewelry making supplies to buy on Amazon was helpful. What jewelry making supplies can you not be without, and where do you like to get them from? Let me know in the comments!
Until next time... and happy creating!
Want to remember this? Post this Best Jewelry Making Supplies To Buy On Amazon list to your favorite Pinterest board!
Share the love!
The Best Jewelry Making Pliers Of 2021
If you are interested in jewelry making, you need a helpful set of tools to assist you in molding wire, attaching findings, and getting in hard to reach places. These tools will help you make beautiful pieces of jewelry.
The most important tools you will use are your pliers, and you can purchase these tools by themselves or in kits that include several different tools.
Oftentimes, the tool sets are an easier way to get the job done, but you’ll want to keep your eye out for quality. After all, you don’t want a tool that gives up right when you are in the middle of making a pair of earrings.
What are the best jewelry making pliers? The best jewelry making pliers will vary by project and material type, but in general they should be easy and comfortable to grip and constructed well, with a box joint. You will likely want to invest in multiple pliers of different shapes and types to perform different tasks.
In this article, we’ll go into more detail about how to choose the right pliers for your uses and go through some of our favorite choices out there.
We looked at a variety of different jewelry pliers and narrowed down our top picks based on certain features. For instance, if you are working with soft metals, you’ll want to stick with a choice like the nylon-jawed Beadalon Round Nose Pliers.
What Kind of Jewelry Making Pliers Do I Need?
Often when you are just starting out with a jewelry making venture, getting a kit that contains several jewelry making pliers is the best (and most economical) option.
As you start to develop your skills and may even be working with soft metals that damage easily, you’ll start to want more specialized jewelry pliers and tools. But what do you use these tools for?
- Chain Nose Pliers or Snipe Nose Pliers: You may see these tools by either of these names, and they are an integral part of your jewelry making supplies. They have jaws that are smooth and flat, unlike household pliers that typically have teeth. You can use them to hold a variety of different findings, open and close jump rings, and even flatten crimps. They will provide a handy grip when you are making your jewelry pieces.
- Bent Chain Nose Pliers: Bent chain nose pliers or simply bent nose pliers are useful for handling jewelry making supplies without the handles getting in the way. They let you grip in hard to reach areas, making them an important part of your tool box. You can use them to open and close jump rings and even shape wire. You can use them in conjunction with your regular chain nose pliers or even flat nose pliers.
- Flat Nose Pliers: Flat nose pliers have a wider surface on their jaws than other pliers, which makes them especially useful for hold large, flat surfaces. They can be used for bending and shaping even sharp, defined angles in metal sheets or wire. You can also use flat nose pliers for opening and closing jump rings. Consider using them in conjunction with your chain nose pliers.
- Round Nose Pliers: Round nose pliers have limited uses in jewelry making, but they can’t be readily replaced by other pairs of pliers. Use them for creating loops on headpins or eyepins or for making loops in your pieces of jewelry.
- Crimping Pliers: These tools are designed to work with crimp tubes, often used for finishing jewelry off. When used appropriately, the crimp the tube into a smooth and rounded crimp.
- Punch Pliers: Punch pliers contain punch pins that allow the tool to make perfectly rounded holes in jewelry pieces or blanks.
- Looping or Coiling Pliers: Also called bail making pliers, these tools are designed to wrap wire into different shapes with ease. They can also be used to make jump rings and eyepins.
- Cutters: You will often find cutters sold with pliers, and you will need a good pair or two when jewelry making, for a variety of things, including cutting off old findings if you are repurposing old jewelry or trimming wire to the appropriate shape. You can also trim headpins to an appropriate length for your project with these. The underside of the cutters is flatter than the top side, and it allows you to get closer to your project than using the top side.
- Flush Cutters: Flush cutters are basically an upgraded version of normal cutters. They allow you to get a nicer finish when trimming wire, and you’re less likely to need to file down sharp edges.
There are many more unique pliers and cutting tools available on the market that you may need to acquire as you embrace your jewelry making abilities, such as the rosary pliers and bow opening pliers.
Picking the Right Jewelry Pliers for You
When you are making jewelry, the tools you will lean on the heaviest are pliers and cutters, so you will want to have a good set of tools. Picking the tools you will use may depend on several factors, namely cost and how they feel in your hand.
You could spend $30 on pair of pliers, but if they hurt your hand, they aren’t going to be worthwhile to use. That’s why starting out with a set of economical tools is often best, allowing you to get a feel for different tools and their sizes as you learn to use them in your new craft-making adventure.
Another factor to keep in mind is the actual construction of the tools. Pliers are generally made with either a box joint or a lap joint.
Lap joints are typically a characteristic of lesser quality pliers, often becoming loose over time, sometimes quite quickly. Box joint pliers tend to retain their alignment and don’t develop looseness as they are used, allowing them to outlast and outperform lap joint pliers.
Our Favorite Jewelry Pliers
When picking out what jewelry pliers you are going to purchase, you really should get the best pair you can afford. We have listed pliers at affordable price points, including some sets and some individual pliers that should really be part of your toolkit:
Check them out in more detail below! By the way, we’ve tried to make everything simpler by separating the pliers that come with kits from those that come individually.
1. WORKPRO Jeweler’s Pliers Set
Check Current Price on Amazon
This set features several tools, including nylon jaw pliers, which help protect your precious metal findings and stones, as well as round nose pliers and bent nose pliers. Wire looping pliers and a brass ring, as well as other tools, help round out this handy kit.
Everything is included in an easy to carry pouch, so you never have to go without your jewelry making tools.
These tools are small sized, which fit comfortably into many people’s hands. That said, if you have larger hands, it may be harder to wield them. The tools are constructed out of carbon steel and are plated with a nickel coating for rust resistance.
If you’re sensitive to nickel, you’ll want to be careful handling these, however. The tools also feature round spring and double spring designs, and the grip handles are ergonomic and comfortable for most people to use for long periods of time.
Overall, these tools are designed to last you awhile when you’re working with them.
2. eoocvt Mini Bead Jewellery Tool Kit
Check Current Price on Amazon
If you are looking for a one-stop shop when preparing to make jewelry, the eoocvt jewelry making set features several tools to make your life easier when working with jewelry. You will find tools such as the diagonal side cutter, bent nose pliers, and round nose pliers.
When you spend a lot of time making jewelry, comfortable handles are a must. The eoocvt set features soft grip rubber handles that are comfortable to use for long periods of time.
The tools themselves are made of tempered carbon steel with a chrome plated finish. The tools also feature double leaf springs, which make them easier to use.
3. CRAFTSMAN Pliers Mini Set
Check Current Price on Amazon
This five piece jewelry making pliers set is made by a name you can trust, Craftsman. This tool kit has all of the major tools you will find yourself reaching for when jewelry making, such as the round nose pliers. Keep all of your tools safe with the handy carrying case and never lose your tools again.
Craftsman makes several sets of jewelry making pliers, but this set is their top-of-the-line model. These tools feature comfortable grips that have multiple zones, allowing you to move your grip and have more control as they are more ergonomic.
They are also made from drop forged steel, providing strength and durability. The biggest downside to these tools is that they are often confused with lesser quality Craftsman tools; don’t be fooled, if you’re looking at Craftsman, these are the tools you want.
4. Darice Jewelry Pliers Set
Check Current Price on Amazon
This set has comfortable handles and the major tools that you need to use when making jewelry. In addition to jewelry pliers, such as a serrated tip long-nose pliers and straight nose internal pliers, this set even includes wire cutters, which are great for finishing off your jewelry pieces.
While these aren’t the greatest quality jewelry making pliers, they are an economical option and great for those just starting out. (They’re also handy to keep around for other small DIY projects.)
These pliers and wire cutters feature a soft grip that helps you stay comfortable when you’re twisting wire or attaching findings, although the grip doesn’t offer quite the same flexibility as the Craftsman pliers set.
As an added bonus, the package explains to users how to use each type of pliers when using them to make jewelry.
5. Supla Jewelry Making Supplies
Check Current Price on Amazon
This set has a variety of tools to use for beading and jewelry making, including round nose pliers, flat nose pliers, and side-cutting pliers. In addition, it includes open jump rings in a variety of sizes and lobster claw clasps. You’ll also find curved tip tweezers and a brass ring.
The great thing about this kit is that it includes many of the items you’ll need to make jewelry.
Most of the kits available don’t include tweezers, and they can be very helpful in picking up small beads or gemstones. That said, they are easy to get individually, and some people never find themselves needing them.
These tools have a less comfortable handle than many others. When purchasing this, you’re generally paying for the fact that you get all of your supplies at one time.
6. Anezus Jewelry Repair Kit
Check Current Price on Amazon
While the quality may not be quite as high as those of the other tool kits on our list, you won’t be disappointed with this jewelry making set, particularly if you are new to jewelry making or have young ones who want to learn the craft.
The tools included with this set of jewelry making pliers include all of the tools young jewelry makers might need.
The Anezus jewelry making kit includes a box of findings, so you have all of the attachments you need to make your jewelry. It also includes waxed cord and elastic string cord. A brass ring opener and tweezers round out the mix.
Buying pieces individually, you can certainly get higher quality, but you’ll be hard pressed to find a deal this good on all of the items if you priced them separately.
Best Individual Pliers
We know that you may find yourself needing a quality pair of individual pliers, and there are numerous options available to you, depending on what you need or want to do with the pliers.
Some of the top choices we have found include the following:
7. Beadalon Nylon Jaw Round Nose Pliers
Check Current Price on Amazon
The Beadalon nylon jaw pliers are round nose pliers that feature a replaceable pair of nylon jaw tips, which are great for protecting delicate pieces of jewelry that might otherwise be scratched or damaged by your pliers.
Always remember to keep a spare pair of nylon jaw tips around because you never know when you might need them. This tool features a construction out of stainless steel, with double spring leaf box joint construction.
The nylon jaws are the prime feature of the Beadalon nylon jaw round nose pliers. They allow for wire shaping and manipulation, such as of German style wire and artistic wire.
You won’t have to worry about these nylon jaws hurting your delicate jewelry pieces, so they are worth every penny, especially as you work with softer metals and wires that can damage easily.
8. Sea Striker P6 Needlenose Pliers
Check Current Price on Amazon
A simple but handy pair of pliers, the Sea Striker P6 Needlenose Pliers are useful for a range of jewelry making products.
Many of the kits on this list lack a good pair of needle nose pliers, which is something you’ll probably want to add to your jewelry toolbox. This pair in particular is excellent for its tight closure and shape and would make a great addition to your toolset.
Unfortunately, these are prone to rusting if not handled and cleaned properly. You can, however, find them in a variety of sizes, such as 6 inches and 8 inches, giving you more flexibility with what you work with.
Needle nose pliers such as these have a variety of craft uses. You can easily reach around tight configurations, such as of wire, to place an object or bend metal. They can be used for setting small stones, as well as adding findings onto a project.
9. Vouiu Bail Making Pliers
Check Current Price on Amazon
If you need to make rings or bails when you are making jewelry, the Vouiu Bail Making Pliers are going to be a great tool for you to reach for.
These allow you to make loops in a range of different sizes, as the nose features different sized tips that measure 3.0 mm, 5.0 mm, 8.0 mm, 4.0 mm, 7.0 mm, and 10.0 mm.
These tools are made of high carbon steel, so they’ll last you many years with the proper care. They also have anti-slip grip handles that are coated and provide a great deal of comfort when you are using them.
In Summary
There are a variety of tools you can use when jewelry making, and you need quality tools to ensure that your project is beautifully put together. Using poor quality tools can damage your final product, even scratching up your metal findings.
When you’re starting out, you can find a range of kits that are all inclusive, providing you with just about everything you need to make your necklace or earrings, save the beads or gemstones you’re planning to use.
Up Next: Wire Art Tools – The Essential Guide
Tools amazon jewelry
Volodya got up. He bent down and looked down, seeing how a whitish, thick liquid dripped from his butt onto Natasha's limp penis and balls. Turning and placing the woman with cancer, he collected sperm from the balls and penis with his palm and lubricated her ass well with them. The member entered unusually easily, to see for this ass, it was commonplace.
It moved like a piston in a well-lubricated cylinder.Are Cheap Jewelry Tools Worth Your Money? Jewelry Tool Kit Review
After dinner she came up to me and said: Lesh, how about fulfilling your yesterday's promise. What. (I didn't immediately remember) Well, something about me. and the fate of my pussy today. And then I remembered.
You will also be interested:
- Easy guitar painting
- Pch sweepstakes entry
- Hsn cell phones
- Amazon boat motors
- 7ds character list
- Liftmaster gate opener
- Duel links skyscraper
- Comparison theorem calculus
- Buy adobe cs5
- Split penis head
- Porn hub vr
Chomp. I didn't even hear. Because I fucked very hard, just brutally. What a fucking cunt you have, Katya.- 28.1 cc professional-grade, 2-stroke engine for outstanding performance
- 2-stage commercial-grade air filtration for long engine life
- 50% more cutting torque than the SRM-280
- ECHOmatic Pro™ trimmer head for commercial-grade bump-feed line advancement
- Extra heavy-duty engine vibration reduction mount and rubber over-mold handles for operator comfort
- Large fuel tank for long run times
SRM-280T
C$1.00PriceGENERAL INFORMATION:
Access - New User Request
Audit Confirmation Procedures
Roles and Responsibilities
Update Contact Information
AGENCY SPECIFIC INFORMATION:
Administration for Children and Families
The Payment Management System (PMS) allows grant recipients to provide auditors with confirmation of grant payments during on-site audits.
To obtain grant payment confirmation, recipients can:
A history of all payment related transactions will be displayed in chronological order beginning with the most recent activity. The list of the transactions may include payments of a specific sub-account, payments within specific start and end dates, or payments with a specific confirmation number.
NOTE: For assistance with the PMS Payment Data inquiry, contact the Accounting and Reports Branch at PMSOIGAudit@psc.hhs.gov.
Please include the contact information of the individual receiving the payment data (name, phone number, fax number and email address).
Programmatic or specific grant award inquiries are handled by the recipient’s federal awarding agency.Selected references and applications
We are happy about 15 years of successful projects, satisfied customers and long-term partnerships. Our tailor-made solutions in the areas of data centers, office buildings, hotels, clinics and telecom containers are characterized by high efficiency and the greatest possible environmentally friendly. Here you will find a list of selected references for our tailor-made customer solutions:“Soviet prog explosion on the Milky Way! What a fantastic track. So many insanely complex parts and it all fits so perfectly together. How this song came to be is beyond me – it’s taken me a year just to understand the different time signatures.”
Copy and paste this URL into your WordPress site to embed
Copy and paste this code into your site to embedBasin Mixer – Short Body (Crystal Series)
Item MRP: ₹14,500
Item Code: 2511
Short-Body Brass Basin Mixer in Chrome Finish.
Categories: Basin Mixers, Crystal Series
Highlights
Short – Tall Body (Cube Series)
Item Code: 2023Item MRP: ₹12,750
Basin Mixers
Basin Mixer – Tall Body (Click-Select™ Series)
Item Code: 2095CItem MRP: ₹23,000
Basin Mixers
Basin Mixer – Wall-Mounted (Cube Series)
Item Code: 2024Item MRP: ₹14,500
Basin Faucets - Exclusive
Floor-Mounted Basin Mixer (Chrome)
Item Code: 2037-CItem MRP: ₹75,000
Basin Mixers
Item Code: 2058Item MRP: ₹11,000!Indefatigable sportscaster, Stephen Kwame Yeboah popularly known as ‘KY’ has joined Atinka Media Village subsidiary in Takoradi Ahoto FM.
The experienced sports journalist has joined Ahoto 102.3 FM after almost two years of leaving the airwaves following the shutdown of Sekondi-based Radio Silver by the National Communications Authority.
His move comes after weeks of an intensive negotiations with the management of the radio station, Kyfilla.com understands.
Known as one of the sportscasters in the Western Region with the best of creativity, entertaining and his informative style of presentation, Kwame Yeboah is expected to thrill the listeners of Ahoto 102.3 FM and also garnered more listeners for the station.
Confirming this, Stephen Kwame Yeboah in a letter sighted by Kyfilla.com wrote that, “It’s been two years since I have been off radio, but as the word of God says in lsaiah 60:22 ‘ When the time is right, l, the LORD will make it happen’ , it is now official my new home is Ahoto 102.3FM in Takoradi, a subsidiary of Atinka Media Village in Accra…. The only ‘KY’ is back with his team on Ahoto Sports….Thank you..”
Kyfilla.com can confidently disclose that Stephen Kwame Yeboah has joined Ahoto FM as the head of the sports department with two other top-notch sportscasters also on the verge of joining.
Even though the date to commence programme at Ahoto FM has not been revealed, the all-new sports show of the station will be between the hours of 9am-11am and 1pm-2pm for the weekdays and 3pm-6pm on weekends
Stephen Kwame Yeboah is the Chief Executive Officer of KY Media Consult LTD ; the operators of online news portal and KY Sports Management, a sports management firm in Takoradi.
He has over seventeen years of experience as a broadcaster, having worked with Media houses like Kyzz FM, Skyy Power FM/Starr TV and Radio Silver, all in Sekondi/Takoradi.
Kwame Yeboah is a graduate from the Takoradi Technical University with a Bachelor of Technology degree in lndustrial Art and currently offering his Masters degree in MSc. Management and Human Resource Strategy at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology(KNUST), Kumasi and also Master of Business Administration(MBA) in Marketing Management(online) at Dr. D.Y.Patil Vidyapeth University, Pune, lndia.
Kwame Yeboah affectionately called KY, served as Media Relations Officer for then Division two League side Rospak SC and was part of the Publicity Committee for Medeama Sporting Club in their maiden CAF Confederation Cup campaign.
He has covered major FIFA and CAF tournaments including the 2019 African Cup of Nations in Egypt with also alot of knowledge in Ghana Football.
He is very respectful and considered as a role model for many up and coming sportscasters in the Western Region.
Kwame Yeboah is also the vice chairman of the Western Regional Football Association media committee as well as the Organizer for the Sports Writers Association of Ghana(SWAG)- Western/Western North Region.
Source: kyfilla.comGIS and even Geographic Data Techniques is commonly mapping technologies which usually incorporates laptops to purchase, local store, manipulate, assess along with display data. Too, one can find extreme added benefits for you to get pictures at your disposal found at ongoing, which in turn many aery look a resolution vendors present. Putting to use drone pipe quadcopters supplies at this time generated Airborne photography designed for home solutions inexpensive. The routes created because component this task are going to be projected to build applied mainly because awareness-raising appliances with respect to Jeremie’s defense together with justness stakeholders, as well as a much better levels, for all your municipality’s small children as well as womens areas.
Auto via the the right butt traveling windows. Also, in the event you include absolutely no strategy that where by you’ll certainly be, therefore once you are able to open cell phone phone’s GPS as well as talk with Askjeeve Routes for any ideal instructions. Predicament Boss On the internet is commonly assisting to neighborhoods provide his or her’s share facts that property owners and additionally legitimate residence authorities in order to obstacle, browse, photo and even file road directions from them confidential pcs.
Graphic satellite television on pc image of Storm Wilma for pinnacle power across the north western Caribbean The water at April. Those several pieces have been completely plants defense, mountain, part along with propinquity in order to landslides many develop into acquired making use of remote computer repair sensing. Every sorts of sheduled delivery could turned out to be constructed excessive valuable the job together with regarding drones relatively maybe, as a result of poultry wings to help local assortment exercise books.
Reach Logic’s SpyMeSat smartphone app not to mention hard drive construction will get used as being a customizable, white-labeled treatment to your particular tasking regarding any sort of constellation associated with satellites in addition to plugged into every imagery archive(s) for almost any program. Listed here can be quite a archive there are received made setting out how to develop a great antenna training video recording plus choosing snap shots organization.
Head out that will one of those sites, key in your situation, and elegance inside ‘ pilotless aircraft 1st’and ‘ droning original true home’to observe if generally there are almost always just about any available experiments for real dwelling drone pipe illustrations or photos or maybe very much the same get the job done in your own spot.Inspiration -
The life of sacrifice and hardship is one that is not always chosen, mostly not chosen. It is neither comparable to any other kinds. Life is harsh yet we choose to take control to make changes, to take ownership, to live lightly. Even with rough reality on our shoulders, we coat them with hardship to engulf the painful memories and smudge them with happiness or content. This painting of mine is precisely an attempt to bring out the people in our life whose significance was and is important in our daily lifestyle. The cobblers of Bangladesh and any other countries, have quite a struggling lifestyle but in return for their survival challenge they save us constantly by providing us with comfort when it becomes uncomfortable; our shoes or sandals. Without whom, we would need to spend quite a load sum, in comparison to the charge they take, frequently. Not everybody is willing to show comfort amidst the course of life. This sketch is a glimpse reminder of the importance of cobblers in our daily life.<<Job Openings
Junior Sales Associate/
Sales Executive Assistant
Terrace Finance Corp, a multi-lender financing technology platform, is seeking a Jr. Sales Associate or Sales Executive Assistant to join our Commercial Brokerage division. This is a virtual position where you can work remotely from your home office for a fast-growing firm in the finance industry. This a full-time position mainly working Monday through Friday.
Responsibilities
This position will be responsible for assisting the Sales Executive in processing applications needed to close commercial finance deals. Responsibilities include:
- Assisting in gathering required documentation from customers to prep for review by the lead sales executive.
- Fostering existing dealer relationships to drive leads.
- Educating our service offerings to prospective and existing dealers.
- Maintaining relationships with existing customers to source repeat business.
- Answer phones and maintain customer information with the company’s CRM.
Requirements
The Jr. Sales Associate or Sales Executive Assistant will possess the following background, experiences, and attributes:
- Two plus years working in commercial equipment financing and/or leasing.
- Two plus years of experience in a sales and/or customer service role.
- High School diploma is required; Bachelor’s degree in related field is desired.
- People-oriented individual with excellent oral and written communication skills.
- Ability to multi-task to meet business needs with excellent prioritization and time-management skills.
- Ability to thrive and adapt both independently and in collaboration with other departments and management in a small company with a high energy and fast-paced environment.
- An understanding of the equipment finance application process is highly desired.
- Must be able to adhere to strict confidentiality rules pertaining to customer and merchant information and must be a quick learner.
Benefits
This role will include a starting salary between $40K to $45K, depending on experience with health benefits and PTO following initial 90-day probationary period.
Interested candidates should submit a resume and cover letter for consideration.
Terrace Finance Corp is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We strongly encourage all qualified applicants to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.Practicals of Yantra by L R Chawdhri
This book contains rare Yantras of Hindus, Muslims, Jains, Buddhist and Brahmins cults. Methods of preparation and use of Yantras have been explained in detail. Time for the preparing and waring is to be followed as explained in this book. Articles to be used have been simplified as available in the market commonly. Pooja of Yantra is to be performed before use, such methods have been elaborated with care for use of the Sadhakas. Digital and Mohammadan Yantras have too been provided with care and accuracy. All the Yantras which have proved successful by use have been indicated specially. The others be used and tested by SadhakJob Description
Are you a native/fluent German speaking candidate looking to kick-start a career in sales, marketing and project management?
If yes, then I have the perfect role for you!
We are looking for ambitious Telemarketing candidates to work in Birmingham City Centre!
Working Hours
Monday - Thursday 830am-430pm
Friday 830am - 335pm
Salary
£9-£11 per hour
Location
Birmingham - Hybrid working option (Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday in the office / Thursday & Friday WTH)
The Client maintains an enviable world-class reputation for delivering high-quality results, service and communication on behalf of its clients. Role
You will make on average 150 calls a day to book appointments and gain leads as well building a rapport with all customers and updating and amending the Database.
The ideal candidate should be able to demonstrate the following skills and expertise:

Benefits
*Bonus Structure
*On site Canteen
*28 days holiday
*£9 - £11 an hour
*Pension
DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU?
Please send your CV and call Grace or Sara on 0121 643 6954/0121 480 8209
***We will respond to all successful applications within 1 working day, if you have not heard back from one of the team in this time then unfortunately your CV has not been selected on this occasion***
The worldwide pandemic caused many of us to watch more television than ever before. With that in mind, it’s time to start changing our television watching habits to keep us mentally and physically fit. Here’s how not to watch TV, according to those who know about healthy habits best…
Without Moving
Of course, we all know the term “couch potato.” Well, as the name implies, the habit of not moving while watching television is not too great for your health. And it’s not just about gaining weight, either! Most recently, one 2019 study revealed that watching TV in a sitting position for two or more hours without moving results in a 70% increased risk of developing colorectal cancer at a young age!
“Being active can help improve your hormone levels and the way your immune system works,” stated the American Cancer Society. So, not only should you take a standing and stretching break every hour or so, but every week adults should get at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise. If you love intense exercise, 75 minutes a week should be enough.
But sitting too long is just one way we watch television wrong…
Blue Light Reduction
While our grandmothers weren’t exactly right that bright screens would make us go blind, screens are certainly not great for our health. Exposure to the blue light produced from screens, both television and computers, can disrupt the health of your eyes and skin. In short, it makes people age faster. A study published in the journal Aging and Mechanisms of Disease in 2019 found that too much blue light exposure can damage cells in the brain and eyes.
How can you prevent this? Well, there are a few things you can do! Spend some time in the sunlight, not in front of artificial light, every day. Also, wear blue-light glasses and don’t watch too much TV after working all day.
While Eating
Eating in front of the television, better known as “distracted eating,” can build some terrible habits. And it’s not just eating in front of the television – it’s also eating in front of the computer or while using your phone! You see, human brains simply stop notice how much we’re eating when we’re not focused on the task at hand.
“If you aren’t mindful of what’s going into your mouth, you don’t process that information,” said Harvard Medical School. “That means it doesn’t get stored in your memory bank. And without a memory of having eaten, you are more likely to eat again sooner than you might have if you ate mindfully.”
Right Before Bed Or Instead Of Sleeping
Who doesn’t love a late-night snack? Well, it turns out that late-night snacks are not exactly great for your sleep schedule – and neither is watching television to fall asleep! Both snacks and blue light deeply affect the production of the sleep hormone melatonin, according to the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences research. To combat this, the National Sleep Foundation recommends no television, smartphones, or computers for 30 minutes before bed. Instead, enjoy a cup of lavender tea and a book, or listen to calming music.
Following these tips will help you remain healthy while you watch television.
Sources: Huffington Post, MSNDNA Script Takes DNA Synthesis Back to the Bench with Enzymatic Tech: Thomas Ybert, CEOSubmitted by Theral Timpson on Wed, 11/17/2021 - 10:06
DNA is a multibillion-dollar industry in 2021 and satisfies many life science applications, including drugs, reagents, siRNA, PCR, diagnostics, synthetic biology, and many others. Enzymatic DNA synthesis, or EDS, is a new approach to manufacturing DNA that is much more efficient and user-friendly and could disrupt the current market.
Thomas Ybert is the CEO of DNA Script which is out with a new benchtop enzymatic DNA synthesizer called SYNTAX. He says in contrast to old chemical synthesizers, the new “DNA printer” takes virtually no expertise to run and will return much of the current business from service back to the old model where biologists make their own, having the power to “go from design to results in less than 24 hours.”
“[Biologists] are programming biological systems. DNA is the programming code. And you want this design-build-test cycle to go as fast as possible. It’s very clear that the next revolution will be from the life sciences. And we want to enable people to design-build-test super quickly.”
Investors appear happy with the company, just pouring in $165 million last month. The SYNTAX system is available now. With all that hassle of chemical synthesis cleared away by this new easy-to-use technology, will researchers and others return to making their own DNA?“What worked on the Atkins Diet regimen?” is a frequently asked question. The Atkins diet is not a brand-new one, but the claims of people who use the program to achieve their goals is new. It is essential to first comprehend what failed on the Atkins Diet plan before taking a look at possible solutions.
The workout was a high healthy protein, low carbohydrate based method. Each representative performed would have a predetermined collection of workouts for the body. The team had a pre-determined amount of exercise in the fitness center which they would certainly finish 2 times per week. Her exercise generally entailed training weights and running on the treadmill. Each set worked out a concession between the two sides, each side exercising a compromise in between the opposite side. Each collection would have a minimal variety of associates to finish to obtain the body weight made use of to being exhausted. gym keyring
The trouble with this kind of workout is that you can end up being bored. Each regular becomes like a little problem where there are many smaller items missing than the whole picture. So you may find yourself believing, well this is easy, I can do this all the time, why should I do this? If it is simple, why should I do it? When the answer to these concerns is taken into consideration the solutions commonly become extremely clear.
The primary reason the exercises on the Atkins plan did not produce outcomes was lack of high quality. Each regimen is meant to be executed five to 7 times weekly, or concerning sixty to seventy reps. This is far excessive stress on the joints as well as muscle mass. If these muscular tissues are worn out and not totally prepared to manage this amount of work then you will only feel weak throughout the actual workout itself which defeats the purpose.
The right amount of resistance ought to be made use of in your workouts. For best outcomes you need to use workouts that focus on constructing the toughness as well as endurance of the larger muscles in your body. These exercises ought to be 2 days weekly and not a single exercise. The more workouts that are done at the same time the much less reliable the exercise ends up being.
One day in a gym can be very reliable as an exercise. However, you can quickly end up being bored if you are doing the same regimen. A much better option is workout splits that entail 2 various workouts for every muscle group. This way you can alternative each exercise by spending just one day in the fitness center. You can likewise invest someday in the health club and then alternate backward and forward between hefty and also lightweight or in between cardio workouts. pendlay row form
There are numerous ways to do an exercise split. In my very own point of view the most effective means is to just do 2 collections of 8 to twelve repetitions with eight to twelve associates in between. Then change the exercises up by doing sets of twelve to twenty one reps with eight to twelve associates in between.
When picking workouts for your exercise you must pick ones that are mosting likely to construct and tone the significant muscle mass groups in your body. If you have actually been inactive or obese you may require to drop weight as well as begin exercising again. If your exercise contains stay up, bring up or bench press you will certainly not be able to construct adequate biceps as well as triceps muscles to get the body you want. Begin exercising with heavier weights and also lower associates until you can remove the fat around your shoulders.
Cardio exercise is another great way to burn calories and also slim down. This is one of the most effective workout part divides for the whole body. Your legs, abdominal muscles, back, shoulders and also arms all take advantage of cardiovascular exercise. You ought to select details cardiovascular workouts such as aerobics, walking, bike riding or running and you can likewise do various other sporting activities such as tennis, badminton, football, dashing, basketball as well as a lot more.
Another kind of workout you can do at the health club is what is called a broad or substance set. This means you will be performing 2 or even more exercises with exercising weights. For instance, if you are making use of dumbbells for bench press you are performing 4 workouts: squatting, deadlift, overhanging press and also bent over row. You would certainly after that do a solitary arm above press and also deadlift. You can additionally do four different sets of 12 representatives of each of these exercises with exercising weights.
The final leg workout split you will certainly learn more about today is called a hamstring workout split. This workout concentrates on boosting your hamstrings and glutes. It is done by using a cable television device or a security round. You merely do a common hamstrings exercise however as you raise the resistance you gradually pull down on the ball thus contracting your hamstring muscles. To do this workout merely remain on the security round in a seated position with your feet in addition to the maker and pull the ball up to your breast degree pushing your legs bent on both sides.
Second, you require to figure out which works out to perform during your exercise. While a personal fitness instructor may be able to assist you toward the very best exercises, there are lots of additional workouts that you can do by yourself. As long as you are executing the ideal workout, there is no demand to have an instructor’s aid. If you are just starting and see instant results, however, it may still be smart to speak with a health and fitness professional in your area.
Next off, you need to know which muscular tissue groups you intend to target with your exercise routine. For example, if you are looking to tone as well as define your arms, then you must concentrate on workouts that target these muscular tissues using heavy weights and also high reps. Nevertheless, if your objective is to bulk up as well as construct mass, after that you will focus on lower weight/rep sets and utilize lighter weights as well as reps. So ensure that you recognize what you are attempting to complete before you begin working out. bodybuilding clothes
Finally, you require to remember to relax between your collections. The significance of rest in between sets can not be stressed enough. When you relax between collections, you not just allow your muscle mass to come to be much more limber, yet your heart can likewise loosen up even more conveniently, which permits your body to proceed applying its maximum muscular endurance for several a lot more sets. So preferably, you must relax between collections for 3 mins, or as near to 3 minutes as possible, although you can take your workout to the health club a few mins longer if you wish.Manchester United have approached Zinedine Zidane about becoming their manager but, according to sources close to the former Real Madrid boss, he is not interested in going to Old Trafford at this point.
Zidane ended his second spell as Real manager in May this year.
He won three consecutive Champions League titles with the club from 2016.
After leaving in 2018, he returned a year later and won La Liga and the Spanish Super Cup in 2020.
The same sources have said legendary former France and Real midfielder Zidane, who is out of work, would not be keen on a move to United right now.
He has been linked with the French national side and Paris St-Germain, and would prefer to consider those options when or if they become available.
Mauricio Pochettino, who has regularly been spoken of as a future United boss, is the current manager of PSG, who have full confidence in the Argentine and have made no movements to replace him with Zidane.
More Stories
Prices of tomatoes spurt 142% in November, no immediate relief: Crisil
Covid: Swiss vote on ending restrictions while cases surge
Torrent Pharma Rating ‘Buy’; Firm has advantage on RM pressuresThe China Effect on Blockchains and Cryptocurrencies Future
In the past 3 weeks, news that the Chinese government was cracking down on ICOs and forcing cryptocurrency exchanges to halt trading has sent the markets tanking.
Trading volumes on the cryptocurrency exchanges are down significantly, and the pull-back in activity is not just from the Chinese Yuan and exchanges, but across all currencies and global exchanges. (see the following 2 charts, from)
We can analyse what we know and don’t know, and give some context to these developments.
First, let us be reminded that Chinese regulators and authorities decisions and policy statements are aimed at the Chinese market. They are not directives for the rest of the world to follow. China’s government scope is at the national level.
Second, the timing of this crackdown may be related to the upcoming 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPP), scheduled to start on Oct 18th 2017 in Beijing. That is one of the most important meetings in China’s political calendar, and it has been widely reported that the latest announcements are politically motivated muscle-flexing by the CPP.
We know the following:
- Capital flight via cryptocurrency was real, and the Chinese authorities didn’t like that. It wasn’t clear to them where the billions of dollars in crypto gains were going, past the exchanges.
- The KYC/AML practices of Chinese exchanges were not all up to par with the rest of the world. Previously, many exchanges didn’t require stringent KYC, until AML was strictly mandated by the People’s Bank of China in January 2017.
- The ICOmania had reached another dimension in China with over zealous promoters and real scams that took place. Although the pace of ICOs has been strong outside of China, there were hundreds of ICOs inside the country that we didn’t even know about.
So it was expected that some kind of order was overdue. The political coincidence made the moons align more squarely for that perfect storm to take hold.
Despite this turmoil, the global fundamentals behind blockchain, cryptocurrency and ICOs are intact. As much as one would like to think that what China does doesn’t matter, the reality is that when China sneezes at crypto, the rest of the world catches the cold.
For one, Chinese partcipants represent 30-35% of many ICOs, so their absence has been felt, even if the ban doesn’t officially affect non-China ICOs. Some ICOs who had Chinese investors on their radar (via KYC pre-registrations or direct contacts), have experienced a downturn in money raised from that specific region.
Second, the share of Chinese exchanges on total cryptocurrency volumes used to be close to 45-50% before the ban, and now estimated to have dwindled to perhaps about 15%. Some Chinese users can still get away with trading by using VPNs and accessing external exchanges.
With all that backdrop, let us be reminded that China has also previously banned Facebook and Google, but those companies continued to thrive, while China promoted their own versions of these services (Weibo, RenRen, Baidu Tieba). Furthermore, China has its own Twitter (Weibo), YouTube (Youku Tudou), Yelp (Dianping), Tinder (Momo), Apple (Xiaomi), Uber (Didi Kuaidi), PayPal (Alipay), eBay (Taobao), and other home-grown social media giants like WeChat and Tencent QQ.
You get the idea? So, why not expect China to have their own cryptocurrency too, not based on Ethereum or Bitcoin, but based on their own currency, the Chinese Yuan?
That brings me to the next big rumor coming out of China, which is the possibility of issuing their own crypto Yuan. This shouldn’t come as a surprise given that reports that China’s Central Bank has been looking at the digital currency have been around for more than 1.5 years.
What remains unknown is if this current hiccup will affect the Chinese Bitcoin miners supremacy, which stands at about 80-85% of total market share. So far, miners have not been affected, but I am sure they are worried. Several questions arise:
- Will the Chinese government require Bitcoin miners to go through the central switch and have their transactions flagged? That would certainly affect the competitive speeds required for transaction mining.
- Will Chinese miners start to diversify their operations outside of China? One of China’s largest miners, Bitmain has already started activities and shown interest outside of China.
- Will other countries or organizations jump on this opportunity and start to increase their Bitcoin mining capabilities? Some candidates include Russia, Iceland and Canada for countries, and why not the large multinational banks, Amazon or Google for that matter?
Going forward, my predictions on China are:
- China will update their regulation on crypto-exchanges and ICOs after the Party’s convention. Given the current mess, it was easier to wipe the slate clean, and start from that point forward with new rules.
- We will see a Crypto Yuan emerge, but with some peculiar parameters around its creation. It won’t be just like another free floating cryptocurrency, and it may not have all the properties of a cryptocurrency, but maybe only selective ones. Even with some restrictions, that move will be a boon for the crypto-markets, as it will serve to validate the future of cryptocurrencies.
- The Chinese share of Bitcoin mining will decrease. Some of the existing miners might be tempted to mine for the crypto Yuan, unless the government decides to monopolize (or not require) that function. Simultaneously, other parts of the world will pick-up some of the Bitcoin mining activity.
In summary, China wants control, and China will get control. That’s their default modus operandi. Crypto-Tech is no different than the Internet and Web businesses.
What happens in China doesn’t always stay in China anymore. We have not seen the last of that whale’s boat capsizing moves.Natural burial grounds offer a way of caring for our dead which is kinder to the earth. In a biodegradable casket or shroud, without embalming or a vault, we are buried in a protected green space where we contribute to the earth’s renewal. Individual grave markers are replaced by a communal marker, or modest flat rocks. The land is restored to its natural ecosystem, with meadows, woodland and un-manicured nature. Natural burial grounds are sanctuaries for both the living and the dead, and the people who run them are fuelled by passion for both the planet and the families they serve. It is an end of life option that you may value if you’d like to avoid the environmental damage done by cremation or conventional burial.
If if this idea is meaningful to you, please lend your voice by signing up. We need to demonstrate to decision makers that this is something people value.
We get asked lots of questions, and you’ll find lots of answers here:The last turn/hex-based computer game produced on this subject was Talonsoft’s Divided Ground in 2001. That game and HPS’ earlier Middle East ’67 were both designed by John Tiller and covered the four big conflicts in the middle-east between 1948 & 1985: 1948’s War of Israeli Independence, the Suez crisis of 1956, the 1967 Seven-Days War and the Yom Kippur War of 1973. Much has change since then, and using Tiller’s engine, Jason Petho has led a crack team to update the Campaign Series to cover conflicts since 1973 and some interesting but overlooked operations in the 1950s and 1960s.
In January 2018, Campaign Series: Middle East received a mammoth 2.0 update. We highly suggest you read this article to find out what’s changed.
The Desert Can Be a Busy Place
The terrain graphics are more complex than one might think. Different kinds of sand, small but deep streams and marshes affect movement; palm groves and fields obstruct sight and provide sites for ambushes; rocks provide cover and three kinds of roads can aid movement. Other man-made features include gleaming white villages and farms, rock sangars and impressive city buildings. All of these are shown clearly on the seven zoom levels, giving players a feel for their situation.
Jordanian troops defend Jerusalem’s Old City in 1967.
Units can be seen using NATO symbols or icons with or without bases. The counter type changes with zoom level or player choice. The trademark info box shows unit’s six attributes such as morale and strength along with the all-important action bar. More information can be found by opening the Unit Handbook and Unit Viewer. For excitement, tanks explode into flames, artillery blasts create smoke, and small arms fire streaks to its targets. If air strikes are available, planes and jets zoom over the map. An essential complement to the graphics is the sound effects. The new Extreme Fog of War option makes enemies virtually invisible, not to mention identify. However, the different weapon sounds can indicate the type of weapon, giving a feel for range and direction to a trained ear. Including movement sounds for vehicles, helicopters and boots, the sound effects for this game are impressive.
A Few New Twists
Mechanics are vintage Tiller: select with left click, move and shoot with right click, order from menu bar, tool bar or hotkeys. Different highlights show particular unit status. In large scenarios, moving units or small groups one hex at a time is tedious. Destinations can be marked several hexes away but the pathfinding algorithm may not choose the wisest route, forcing players back to said tedium. Two functions allow units in the same organization (brigade, regiment, etc.) to be moved in column or echelon but these formations are useless when contact is made. If ever a game called for other grouping methods, it’s this one.
A tank column moves along a road in 2D.
New additions to options and units add some color to this tired rhythm of clicks. The Extreme Assault option removes the possibility of a single tank automatically overrunning infantry. New units include mobile recovery vehicles to remove movement-blocking wrecks and mobile bridging units allow movement over streams. Some units can create IEDs. Adding humanity to an otherwise cold business are the civilian counters that, if attacked, count against players’ victory points. The most impressive not to mention long overdue new unit type is helicopters. Whirlybirds transport units, provide long range recon and direct fire support when armed. Helicopters fly at three heights, trading speed for safety. This improvement literally adds a new dimension to the system.
Use of the old and new mechanics and units is explained in a fine 207-page PDF manual where questions are answered with headers like “How do I clear a minefield?”. So simple even website editors would use it. Four boot camp scenarios help with the learning curve and three training scenarios explain PBEM mechanics. The battle generator and scenario editors are explained in great detail.
Forty Years of Tragedy
All of these features are used in over 130 historical and hypothetical scenarios as well as three linked campaigns. Not surprising all the many major engagements of 1948, 1956, 1967 and 1973 are covered. What makes this game a notch above others are the under-reported incidents. Israeli settlers and militia are engaged by Arab irregulars. The French fight a losing battle in Algeria while the British try to keep the lid on Aden. The Israelis pursue bloody punitive excursions into Lebanon, Syria and PLO camps. Jordan kicks out Black September in what amounts to a civil war. These topics are not only relatively obscure but serve as a trace for the evolution of combat in the region. It’s a long way from second-hand World War II weapons to Saggers.
Helicopter gunships cover a French advance in Algeria.
These clashes take place on 250 meter hexes with counters ranging from platoon to individual vehicle level. Scenarios can have less than six units to over 750. Most scenarios last from ten to twenty turns with serious missions lasting up to fifty turns and a few going for seventy to eighty turns. Depending on scenario complexity, players can be anything from company to army commanders. Players opting for the latter should be congratulated on their tenacity: this scale is fine for up to six on the nine step complexity scale but, after that, play becomes work.
Surprisingly Tense
The three linked campaigns, covering Syrian operations in 1967, British operations in Aden in 1964 and Israeli operation in 1973, are branched. Scores that are high or medium get ranked and go on to other missions; losers get the sack.
My first campaign mission was to take an Israeli tank brigade in 1973 from one end of the map to an exit hex at the other end in fifteen turns with two village objectives in between, and I had two parallel roads. Should be easy peasy, right? Trouble began even before contact was made through traffic jams on the better road. As I approached the first village, I sent a tank to the south for a recce. Wham! An artillery shell out of nowhere demolished it. Advancing a tank platoon into the village, ineffective fire surprised me. I thought turn-based games were calm. I was Wrong! The enemy only became visible when the company attempted to enter his hex.
Concentrated fire only disrupted him so I sent two tanks around to his flank. Again, my fire only caused disruption. Another round of fire caused him to retreat to the northwest, allowing me to take the objective. In my first mistake caused by bloodthirst, I sent the platoon to chase him. A turn later, I overran ran him but my unit was out of position and off the road. Meanwhile, other snipers opened up as I headed west out of the village. I should have let my infantry handle them but their transports had been delayed by the traffic jam so I sent a tank that was quickly destroyed by a Sagger. I lost two more vehicles heading to the second village but got a measure of revenge when my artillery took out two enemy positions in a palm tree grove. The light dawned on me that speed was my friend and time was my enemy. With only three turns left, I bypassed enemy positions and exited the bulk of my forces. Unfortunately, I left some troops on the map chasing low value targets and a trail of burning tanks. I scraped by with a minor defeat and sweat on my brow.
Israeli tanks clear a village.
I could argue that the Tiller engine is antiquated and clumsy but it still possess a fair amount of flexibility and can be adapted in many different ways. Without these qualities, the stream of fine games based on it would not exist. Campaign Series Middle East: 1948-1985 is a great example of how the system can be updated and turned into an exciting game, although from a usability standpoint there’s still room for improvement.
This review covers a game published or developed by the Slitherine Group of companies. Please see our Reviews Policy for more information. The full policy will be implemented as soon as we can.Taxpayers who are owed refunds will be paid on time, despite the government shutdown that has closed many federal agencies.
The New York State Department of Taxation and Finance is encouraging taxpayers to prepare for income tax filing season by reviewing some important tips that can ease the process and ensure accurate returns and promptly issued refunds:. It’s the fastest and most convenient way to know when to expect your refund. You’ll need to enter the refund amount you’re claiming, your Social Security number, and which form you filed.
For more information, head over to the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance’s website.
The 2019 deadline for filing is Monday, April 15.Vic Fallon has worked on some strange cases since he left the Police force to become a Private Investigator, but when a former lover asks him to look into a bizarre blackmail demand, it’s one for his memoirs. Vic hasn’t seen.
The case pulls Vic out of his northern Ohio comfort zone to the Sunshine State, where he crosses paths with a corrupt local cop, a famous writer with a taste for booze and women, and a sleazy strip club owner who knows more than he’s letting on. Throw in one very cute Latina who develops a crush on him and the puzzle becomes more complex. Can Vic solve Ariel’s problem before the blackmailer ruins her life? Will Ariel convince Vic to give their failed relationship another chance?
Vic sat on a white plastic chair on the beach at his resort, watching the setting sun. People walking along the water’s edge were silhouetted by the mix of yellow, purple and blue while the evening tide lazily lapped ashore. After his encounters with Bronson and Broussard, Vic had spent the rest of the afternoon doing research on the Internet, but he found it difficult to focus. Part of me wants to solve this puzzle while another part isn’t in a hurry to go back home. Which one will win?
Vic smiled at the memory of their poolside romp the night before and found himself drawing comparisons to the previous times. I shouldn’t do that but it’s hard not to. Ariel still has it—looks, passion and more heat than a kiln. I almost wish she hadn’t dragged me into this. Almost.
He was startled by a familiar smoky voice over his shoulder.
“How did I know this is where I’d find you?”
Vic looked up at Ariel, dressed in a light blue sarong with a floral print. She held a silver bucket filled with long-necked green bottles and had a folded beach blanket draped over her arm. Vic looked her up and down.
“Slumming?” he asked.
Ariel laughed and held out her hand. Vic took it, stood, then walked with her toward the water. When they were within fifty feet of the incoming tide, Ariel spread the blanket on the sand. She set the bucket in the middle, then sat cross-legged and pulled her dress just over her knees. Vic joined her and took two of the Mojito wine coolers from the bucket. He opened them and handed one to Ariel.
“Just like old times,” he commented.
“Remember how we sat out here, staring into the night and talking about who knows what?”
“That who-knows-what covered a lot of things, as I recall.” He took a drink and placed his hand on Ariel’s knee. “What you told me last night. That was tough for you to admit, wasn’t it?”
Ariel smiled shyly and looked down. “Okay, you got me. Let’s talk about something else. What did you do today?”
Vic took a drink. “I ran into a friend of yours this afternoon.”
“Who?”
“A cop named Broussard.”
Ariel took a long swallow of her drink, then cradled the bottle in both hands while looking ahead. “Yeah, I know him.”
“What’s the story with that guy?”
“Former high school football jock who became a cop when he blew his knee and couldn’t get a college scholarship. Pretty good at his job, from what I hear.”
“Uh-huh,” Vic skeptically replied. “Ariel, I’ve been doing this long enough to know a peevish lover when I see one. Broussard’s more protective of you than I am of my mother. Try again.”
Ariel took a deep breath. “Eric Broussard was a mistake. One night before Hal died we had one of our knock-down drag-outs and I stormed out of the house. I went to The Dry Dock to drown my anger and there was Eric.”
“He give you a shoulder to cry on?”
“And a pillow to wake up on. I broke things off after a couple of weeks but he had trouble letting go. Since I became single he’s been sniffing around me like a bloodhound on a manhunt.”
“That explains the third degree he gave me. He can’t stand the idea of someone else sitting in his canoe.”
Ariel laughed and looked at him. “I’ve been called a lot of things, but never a canoe.”
Vic smiled. “No offense intended.”
“None taken.” She took a long swallow. “So what’ve you been doing the last three years?”
“I spent the first few months trying to get over you.”
“Did you succeed?”
“Barely. After that I got on with my life. What about you?”
“The same. You may not believe this, but I really had a tough time getting you out of my system. You don’t know how many times I was tempted to pick up the phone and call you, to explain why I did what I did.”
“What stopped you?”
Ariel looked at him. “I figured you’d hang up on me. Was I right?”
Vic glanced down for a moment. “Maybe. Since we’re being up front, there were times I almost called you, too.”
“And?”
He looked up at her. “I was afraid of what I might say. I was pretty pissed off when I left here and even after time passed I didn’t know if I could be civil toward you. It’s also the reason I never came back here. I think I was afraid I’d run into you and say something I’d regret.”
“I knew you were a hard-ass but I never figured you for the vindictive type. But I think you not calling and telling me what a self-centered bitch I was backs up something I always liked about you.”
“What’s that?”
“You were always considerate of my feelings. The whole time we were together you didn’t try to control me, you were interested in what I had to say, and you treated me like a person instead of a one-night stand.”
Vic grinned in embarrassment. “Stop it. I treated you the same way I treat everyone.”
“And here I thought it was because I was special.”
Vic gazed dreamily at her. “You are special, Ariel. That’s why I was so attracted to you.”
She gave him a playful smile. “You mean it wasn’t because I was good in bed?”
“Okay, that didn’t hurt your attractiveness factor, but I realized I liked you for what you are.”
“And what’s that?”
Vic paused a moment. “Someone who’d been knocked around by life but didn’t let it get them down. You just got back on your feet and kept punching. It’s a quality I’ve always admired.”
“Thank you.” She drained her bottle and placed it in the bucket. “You want to know what really drew me to you?”
“What?”
“You were the first person I’d met in a long time who didn’t want something from me because I was loaded. That didn’t impress you and I was pleasantly surprised. What really did it, though, was the night we had an expensive dinner at Ophelia’s on The Bay and you insisted on paying the check, even though I had a tab there. That really told me something about you.”
Vic placed his hand on her knee and rubbed it. “It was worth it. That was the most romantic place I’d been to down here, and I was getting to share the evening with someone very special.” He laughed softly. “Remember the first time we went to the Mar-Vista on Longboat Key? You were meeting me there but the hostess wouldn’t let me wait at the bar because the reservation wasn’t in my name. She treated me like I was a party-crasher trying to get into a Miami Beach club.”
Ariel laughed. “Then when I showed up she almost lost her tan. Remember the look on her face when I asked her if she really needed her job?”
Vic’s laughter subsided. “Yeah, I do. That told me something about the pecking order down here. I guess money really does talk.” He took a swallow before continuing. “Knowing what I do about you, I still can’t see you getting along with that kind of attitude.”
“It’s all part of the little power games people think they have to play to impress everyone. Either you play along or you pick up your marbles and go home.” She reached over and ran her hand along his thigh. “But don’t ever change the way you think.”
She stretched out on the blanket, crossing her feet at the ankles. “What else did you do today?”
“I visited Derrick Bronson to see what light he could shed on things.”
“Did you catch him early enough in the day to get some coherent answers?”
“Yeah, but he couldn’t really tell me anything.”
“You know he bases most of his sleazy characters on people who live down here, don’t you?”
Vic looked at her with raised eyebrows. “No, I didn’t. Anyone ever get legal with him about it?”
“A few people tried but he’s always careful to change enough details so they’re more caricature than character. One of these times, he’s going to get careless and meet an end fitting enough for one of his villains.” Ariel faced Vic and pointed her index finger at him with her thumb in the air like a pistol. “Bang, between the eyes.” She held her finger straight up and blew imaginary smoke from the tip.
Vic laughed. “Okay, which book do you appear in?”
She gave him a shocked look. “You don’t remember the nymphomaniac axe-murderess from Nights Can be Deadly?”
“That was you?” Vic asked in mock surprise. “No wonder I liked that character.”
She leaned over and kissed him. Vic placed his hand under her mane of hair and massaged her neck while thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth. Ariel’s scent was natural and intoxicating, a bit of perfume mixing with her personal chemistry to arouse his senses and libido. The sound of the tide rushing onto the beach provided the perfect background music, bringing back memories of long-ago nights.
He pulled back slightly and peered into her eyes while playing with a strand of her hair. “You still know how to get to me.”
“That goes both ways. In fact, I’m going to let you in on a little secret— I don’t think anyone’s ever gotten to me quite like you do. Does that surprise you?”
“Yeah, it does. Why?”
“When we make love, you’re more interested in making me a part of it.”
“I’m not sure I follow.”
“A lot of guys make me feel like a spectator. You don’t.” She brushed his cheek. “To the victor go the spoils. Remember when I said that after we made love?”
“Uh-huh. Remember what I called you?”
She giggled. “Love Buns. I always thought it was cute.”
“Know why I called you that?” Ariel shook her head. Vic placed his hand on her ass and gave her a firm squeeze. “Because you have the cutest butt I’ve ever seen. It even looks good when you’re naked.”
She cupped his cheek. “Thank you. Want to take your canoe for a ride?”
“I don’t know, Captain. The water looks rough.”
“Take some Dramamine.” She kissed him again, then whispered in his ear. “Let me be your little plaything tonight. Anything you want to do. Just let your imagination run wild.”
“After last night, I don’t think there’s much imagination left.”
She ran her fingers over his brow. “Last night was make-up sex. Tonight it’s all about making love. You do remember the difference, don’t you?”By Joy Kyalo
The Salary and Remuneration Commission (SRC) has dismissed the health workers plea for an increment in risk allowance.
In a letter dated December 10 to the Council of Governors (CoG), SRC Chairperson Lyn Mengich said the allowances will be unaffordable.
“As provided for in the revised guidelines on Collective Bargaining Agreement in public service, affordability is one of the key considerations by the commission when determining parameters for collective bargaining negotiations,” she said.
According to Lyn, Counties have indicated unavailability of resources to cater for the resultant review of the CBA item as proposed by trade unions.
She advised the county public service boards to negotiate with respective trade unions with view of retaining the current rates of risk allowance up to the end of the current view cycle.
“Any proposals to the SRC should take into account affordability and will also be subjected to pay determination principles,” said Lyn.
Striking clinical officers and nurses wanted their rates increased to sh30,000 per month.
Doctors are currently earning sh20,000 risk allowance per month, nurses sh3,850 per month, clinical officers sh3,000 and other officers sh2,000.
SRC have said that they want these rates maintained.
The Council of Governors (CoG) on Thursday urged striking health workers to understand prevailing circumstances surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and put the lives of Kenyans first at a time medical staff are demanding provision of adequate personal protective equipment to shield themselves against COVID-19.
CoG Chairperson Wycliffe Oparanya, through a statement to newsrooms said the medics are well placed to call off the strike advising them to heed to a court order suspending the strike pending a scheduled hearing of a petition challenging a planned strike.
“As you are all aware the doctors went to Court and Court directed that the industrial action by the doctors to be suspended pending the hearing and determination of the application therefore the doctors are well placed to call off their strike,” he said.Zaxs Original Bruise Cream – #1 Selling Bruise Cream, Speeds Healing by 4 Days!, Reduces Pain & Inflammation, Reduces Discoloration, Ideal for Medical Cabinet & 1st Aid Kit
Description
Price:
$19.99 - $18.49
(as of Nov 27,2021 02:29:35 UTC – Details)
Zax’s Original Bruise Cream for speedy Healing
We understand how frustrating a bruise can be. Speed up the healing of your bruises. Our natural, multi-active treatment is specifically formulated to safely and effectively heal and soothe all kinds of bruises, mild or severe. Whatever the cause of your bruising, Zax’s Original Bruise Cream goes to work right away to gently but effectively speed healing, and reduce the pain, inflammation, and discoloration that bruises cause. This cream soothes and nourishes injured skin as it treats. Our cream comes in a carry-on friendly size you can easily use at home, work, or when you travel.
100% Safe, Natural, Proven to Work
WITCH HAZEL – Contains tannins and is a natural astringent. Helps to reduce inflammation, tighten stretched veins, and restore blood vessel tone.
MENTHOL – Has local anesthetic and counter irritant qualities. Offers a slight cooling sensation to provide soothing relief.
ARNICA – Supports decreased swelling, increased blood re-absorption, and decreased pain. Arnica is recommended for external use only. Stop using arnica if a skin rash develops.
PARABEN FREE All Zax’s products are formulated without methylparaben or propylparaben. We feel good knowing that our products support you in your healing without the use of unnecessary preservatives.
WORKS OR YOUR MONEY BACK We believe in delivering quality, if you don’t notice a healing effect on bruises after 7 days (apply 3 times a day) we’ll refund your purchase. Give it a try. If you aren’t satisfied, we’ll give you a refund!
Is Discontinued By Manufacturer:No
Package Dimensions:4.57 x 3.66 x 2.05 inches; 1.45 Ounces
Item model number:Geeloa
UPC:839869000018
Manufacturer:Zax Healthcare Inc.
ASIN:B00II2FF3E
There are no reviews yet.The Carers Ministries Team at Rayleigh Baptist Church (RBC), Essex, are the recipients of the Queen's Award for Voluntary Services(QAVS), the MBE for volunteer groups.
The Queen's Award is given to recognise outstanding contributions to local communities by groups of volunteers. The RBC Carers Ministries Team is one of 224 charities, social enterprises and voluntary groups to receive the prestigious award this year.
The Award recognises that the volunteers within the RBC Carers Ministries Team offer effective support and time out for carers. Carers can access help on the telephone, as well as attending three different sessions throughout the month:
The café started 12 years ago with small local beginnings, but has steadily grown in numbers, both in volunteers and the carers and their loved ones who have registered for support.
While part of Rayleigh Baptist Church, no one is expected to embrace their faith. The only criteria being that they are a ‘Carer’. Everyone is welcome and the support services are free and make a significant contribution to improving the well-being of adult carers and their families.
In a statement, the church said the Carers Café and its satellite services ‘combat loneliness and isolation, signposting to useful contact and empowering Carers to make social connections with those who share a common factor – ‘They Care’.’
On being asked what receiving the QAVS means to the team, leader Georgina Biggs, said, 'Being awarded the Queen's Award for Voluntary Service is a great encouragement to the team and gives credibility to the work we do, enabling Carers to come forward with confidence.'
When the awards were initially announced on 2 June (the anniversary of The Queen’s Coronation), Lord Petre, the Lord Lieutenant for the County of Essex, said, ‘I am delighted that the Rayleigh Baptist Church Carers Café has been recognised by Her Majesty the Queen, as the winner of the Queen’s Award for Voluntary Services.
‘Volunteers at Rayleigh Baptist Church Carers Café Ministries Team offer effective support and respite to carers and the support it extends to the carers and their loved ones is exceptional.’
With Lord Petre having retired in August, the RBC Carers Ministries Team received the award from his successor Jennifer Tolhurst on Tuesday, 12 September.Do […]
Best Gift for Mother’s Day Celebration
Paying […]
Best Women’s Sneaker Reviews
Breath […]Last updated: September 21, 2017
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the AwePsalm mobile application (the "Service") operated by AwePsal
1. Free Trial: 3 week free trial of all premium content
2. Free Version: Access to limited content and functionality within the app
3. Premium Version: Access to all of the daily multimedia psalms content, all available subject plans, and all functionality within the app
(Premium Version). One you purchase a subscription, any unused portion of your free trial period will be forfeited. If you have any questions, please email info@awepsalm.
Free Trial
Aw (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.
Fee Changes
AwePsalm, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
AwePsal.
Intellectual Property.
Links To Other Web Sites AwePsal.
AwePsal.
Product Availability and Performance.@awepsalm.com.J. Lynn Thomas
Turkey & Blessing
Updated: Nov 25, 2020
There’s a wistful (and embarrassing) story in our family surrounding the blessing of the meal. First, let me say how thankful I am for a father who insisted we all eat our meals together at the table. And that no one picked up a fork, filled a plate, or took a bite until he had said “The Blessing.”
Daddy had his own special brand on that charge. At every meal it was the same:
“Ga’lawhmakathanfufuh’leezanallourblessinswebefuhChristsakeameh.”
Not once did it occur to me this was a sentence which could be separated into distinguishable words. “Christ” and “blessings” were identifiable, but within the context, I always thought “The Blessing” was an amalgamated phrase which must be said in one breath -- and very fast, before the meal got cold.
It became clear something was missing in the context the first time I was invited to Sunday dinner by my best friend, Sharon. In true mid-century Father-Knows-Best style, her dad welcomed me and invited me to say “The Blessing” over the meal. Pleased to be able to share our unique, albeit unintelligible family blessing with this new host of friends, I quickly agreed. All four siblings held hands, with heads bowed, Dad at one end of the table, Mom at the other, as I recited with great gusto,
‘Ga’lawhmakathanfufuh’leezanallourblessinswebefuhChristsakeameh.”
The roar and chortled snorts that occurred was far from the praise I expected! Mr. Ryder, broke out in a hearty guffaw. He quieted the bunch, politely thanked me, then went on to properly bless the food and hands that prepared it. I was red-faced and wished I did not have to open my eyes, mortified that my family blessing was something less than effective in ensuring that the food was, indeed, blessed.
You can be sure the following morning, eyes wide open, I watched my father and listened intently as he said “The Blessing” at the breakfast table. It was a few meals later before I finally had all the words properly sorted out, given his comfortably relaxed position, arms folded, head bent over his plate, and monotonal rote phrasing.
“Good Lord, make us thankful for these and all our blessings, we beg for Christ’s sake, Amen.”
Well, who knew that “The Blessing” was supposed to make sense to anyone but God!? Many moons later my sisters and I fondly came to refer to “The Blessing” as “The Ga’lawh”.
What exactly is “The Blessing”, and How Does One “Bless” a Meal?
We read that Jesus gave thanks and “blessed” the bread, broke it and gave it to the disciples to feed the five thousand on a hillside. He also “blessed” the bread and broke it when He shared the last supper with those in the upper room. What do you suppose he said that made bread so blessed it would multiply from five loaves to over five thousand? And what would bless the bread, which He Himself identified with as “Bread from heaven”, like tangible manna that would multiply and “feed” the thousands and thousands of followers that would come after his resurrection?
I’ve come to believe it was “The Blessing”, the same blessing spoken in the beginning over Adam and Eve by God in the garden of Ed I'm thankful and blessed to be on that assignment to be fruitful and multiply The Blessing in the earth, to replenish all that is diminished by sin, hatred, disease and greed with the love of God, and that I'm learning to take territory in the spirit everywhere my feet are planted. This Thanksgiving, let's all be mindful to be fruitful and multiply kindness, joy, hope, and compassionate love, as Daddy said, "for Christ's sake, Amen."As a replacement for the much-loved mobile library, the Bass Coast Shire Council (BCSC) is proposing a 13 or possibly 36 square metre Waterline Regional Library at Grantville.
This is a much smaller floor space than the mobile library it replaces.
It is a book-collection point, not the promised ‘superior’ replacement service.
Moreover, it provides walking-distance proximity for patrons in just one town, not multiple towns.
Such a miniscule library will not attract patronage from outside Grantville. Its dimensions are not those of a regional library, instead approximating a one-town ‘click and collect’ depot. Click and collect’ is already more conveniently and universally provided from the current mobile library to all Waterline towns.
By comparison, Inverloch has a 192 square metre library (386 per cent higher), and Phillip Island a proposed 650 square metre library (677 per cent higher).
On a per-capita basis this equates to a Waterline regional library approximating 200 square metres, not 36 square metres.
The smaller library means Waterline ratepayers will be effectively cross-subsidising Inverloch and Cowes libraries.
The evidence suggests the mobile library service was terminated non-transparently, non-consultatively, non-partially, and in complete secrecy.
Remarkably, BCSC also voluntarily and gratuitously relinquished its ‘Living Library’ grant eligibility (valued up to $750,000) which would have preserved the mobile service.
The mobile library should be retained until such time as a 200 square metre Waterline Regional Library is constructed.
These matters are to be discussed at the Grantville Business and Community Association (GBCA) AGM at 6.30pm, Friday 20th September at the Grantville Hall. Residents interested in advancing services in their Waterline region are encouraged to attend.
Pete Granger, Tenby Point.
They’re after a bigger library
As a replacement for the much-loved mobile library, the Bass Coast Shire Council (BCSC) is proposing a 13 or possibly 36 square metre Waterline Regional Library at Grantville.South Korea is known for it’s beauty and makeup products around the world. But what do Korean teens think about South Korea’s makeup styles versus the American counterpart?
First the teens weighed in on the South Korean trends.
- “Oh, the Korean lips are so pretty”
- “Korean style is beautiful”
- “I’m in love with the Korean lip color”
- “Korean is too beautiful!”
Then some teens showed their support for American style makeup.
- “I really want to try the American style!”
- “The latter (American style) is something I’d really like to try, but it doesn’t really suit me”
- “I want to try the American way but I’m afraid it won’t look good on me”
- “I really like American makeup!”
While others thought both styles brought something to the table.
- “Wow, both lips are beautiful!”
- “First eye makeup (Korean) and second lips (American).”
- “I like both”
And one netizen summed up both looks.
- “…The conclusion is, they are both pretty!”But starting with action on the product’s tertiary or transport packaging – the material that protects and ships the product in bulk through distribution – can lead to more immediate results for packaging waste reduction and help set the operational and cultural conditions for greater success downstream when consumer compliance is needed. CPG suppliers and their retail partners have an opportunity today to make meaningful strides and quantifiable impacts on their end goals by transitioning to a reusable system for their transport packaging.
Research conducted by the World Economic Forum and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation reports that 10% of the reuse potential in the plastic packaging market is from transport packaging (labeled as “large rigid containers”) and from dunnage material like pallet wraps, which often can be eliminated with reusable products. When adding up the current amount of non-plastic single-use containers in CPG and retail supply chains, the reuse and waste-elimination potential skyrockets for CPG companies.
RPA member The Kroger Company provides an excellent example of the actions and results from targeting transport packaging. As part of their goal to divert 90% or more of solid waste from landfills by 2020, in route to be a “Zero Waste” company, Kroger adopted a circular economy model by incorporating systems with reusable plastic containers (RPCs) and pooled pallets, achieving source reduction of millions of pounds of single-use packaging requiring waste management from disposal.
In carrying this foundation of waste prevention forward to their customers, Kroger just announced it will phase out single-use plastic bags and transition to reusable bags across its Family of Stores by 2025. With the operational and cultural framework in place for the reuse of tertiary and secondary packaging, Kroger is better positioned to have positive influence on customer behaviors for their reuse and recycling of primary product packaging, a key focus of the CPG goals. And this is a reciprocal winning relationship, as Mintel research shows 63% of US shoppers believe reusable and repurposable packaging is a key factor in purchasing decisions.
CPG companies can assist retailers like Kroger and expand packaging source reduction by converting their own tertiary packaging into a reusable system. The derived benefits would not just be environmental, but also lead to performance and cost-saving advantages. CPG conversion to reusable transport packaging can also spur synergies and innovations with their retail customers, such as enabling better load utilization, automation compatibilities and one-touch handling in warehouse and fulfillment centers, all minus the accumulation of packaging waste.
Conversion to reusable transport packaging systems does not have to wait until 2025, as reusable products and services are widely available and used today. And the Reusable Packaging Association (RPA) serves as a resource assisting companies at all points in the supply chain with their reusable packaging needs. When making commitments to design out waste and adopt a systems’ approach for the management of materials, converting to reusable packaging for supply chain distribution of consumer products is a great place to start.
– – – – –
Tim Debus
President & CEO
Reusable Packaging AssociationExposure, Brandilyn Collins2010B+eBookReviewFear. Everyone lives with it. Day after day. You don’t realize it’s coming. He sneaks up on you. Paralyzes you. Everything is fine one moment and the next you can’t breathe, your crest is so tight you can barely function, thinking has gone out the window…Kaycee has lived her life with fear. She learned exactly how to do it by watching her mother. Her mother constantly watched over her shoulder, she moved them frequently, she never allowed Kaycee to get to close to anyone.When Kaycee’s mom dies Kaycee settles down and starts to make a life. She spends her time writing a column about how to overcome your fears. Should Kaycee really be helping other with their fears? A year ago her best friend – whose worst fear was to die young – died of a brain tumor leaving her husband and young daughter, Hannah, behind.The story begins, one evening when Kaycee is visiting Hannah. Hannah spends their time together crying, begging Kaycee to let Hannah live with her, and angry that her father married mere months after burying her mom. Kaycee leaves emotionally wiped and feeling guilty for not bringing Hannah with her. She gets home, walks into a kitchen, and hears a click. There’s a camera on the counter. Wait a minute – that’s not Kaycee’s camera. She picks it up and views the last picture – yes, it did take a picture of her. She flips back one more… it’s a picture of a dead guy with bullet holes in his head and a note that reads, ‘We see you’. Oh, no. Kaycee’s worst fear is now stalking her…This is a good book. There are moments of suspense but it generally centers on Kaycee dealing with her fears. Learning how to work through and overcome them. There are general references to God but it wasn’t a significant theme in the book. This is a book that is a good read but I probably won’t read it again. My advise? Get from the library – don’t rush out to buy it!Rating: BI did download this book for free from Barnes & Noble – if you watch their free book ‘rack’ you can occasionally get some pretty good books for free.© Google+
2 thoughts on “Exposure, Brandilyn Collins”
O! I may have this one on my Kindle too 🙂 Thanks for the review.
It wasn't a bad book. I actually was surprised I didn't enjoy it more – it had all of the elements I love in a book. She even flips between two different stories which I find fascinating. I wasn't even halfway through though when CJ asked what it was about and I told him how it would end. Maybe that's why I didn't get the warm & fuzzies… Let me know if you enjoy it better than I did!Partner University: Duquesne University
About
Situated in the heart of Pittsburgh, Pa., Duquesne University is home to 9,500 students across 80 undergraduate majors and 90 graduate programs in schools of business, education, health sciences, law, liberal arts, music, natural and environmental sciences, nursing and pharmacy, as well as a biomedical engineering program. Duquesne is ranked among U.S. News’s top-tier national schools at No. 119 in the 2019 Best Colleges rankings, and tied for the 11th spot among national Catholic institutions.
Teacher Preparation at Duquesne University
The Leading Teacher Program at Duquesne focuses on diversity, leadership, and technology, while weaving aspects of social justice throughout the curriculum. Candidates in the MAT Secondary Education program may choose to focus on mathematics, biology, chemistry, or physics. Our faculty take pride in the curriculum they teach and take advantage of the contemporary technology Duquesne University provides. In addition to the rigorous curriculum, candidates also receive hands-on classroom experiences and diverse field placements. With Duquesne University’s premier location in the heart of downtown Pittsburgh, our teacher candidates have the opportunity to experience class rooms in a variety of settings. Learn more here.
Schools/Districts Working With Duquesne
Currently, the district working with Duquesne University and the Woodrow Wilson Pennsylvania Teaching Fellowship is Pittsburgh Public Schools.
Tuition and Assistance at Duquense
The estimated cost of tuition for Fellows at Duquesne University is $23,580 both for Pennsylvania residents and non-residents. Click here for more Pennsylvania partner university tuition information.NCJ Number
199173
Date Published
April 2004
Length
4 pages
Agencies
BJS
Publication Series
Annotation
This report presents facility policies related to hepatitis C testing and treatment and hepatitis B vaccinations, based on the 2000 Census of State and Federal Adult Correctional Facilities, which gathered data from 1,584 State institutions.
Abstract. At midyear 2000, 1,113,035 inmates (94 percent of all inmates) were held in facilities that reported having a testing policy for hepatitis C. Thirty-three percent of tests in facilities that tested only targeted groups were positive compared to 27 percent of those in facilities that conducted broad tests (random basis or all inmates). Of the 1,033 facilities that provided hepatitis B vaccinations, 680 (66 percent) had a policy to vaccinate inmates in high-risk groups.
Publication Type
Statistics
Date Created: December 18, 2009Month: December 2020
Staying Foolish, Staying Hopeful — December 2020 Series — December 01, 2020
After a long weekend ( Monday being a holiday ) we are back to the trials and travails of a trading day. This is what the market did on Friday. Volatile but within a narrow range. It did not help our cause at all. All the 4 stocks ended up lower. CALLS lost more money […]read more
Money In The Bank — December 2020 Series — December 01, 2020
On Friday we saw the index moving sharply within a narrow range. After all the movement, it ended flat for the day. For the day, our stocks did not out perform. Mark to market profit went down slightly. Still, we are in a good place and there is no cause of concern. This strategy is […]read more
Bucking The Trend —- December 2020 Series — December 01, 2020
Welcome back to trading after three days of holidays. Now we are truly into December month and F&O expiry is on the last day of the year i.e. December 31. Let us see how the trades perform in this month. So far we have only a single trade in this series for December. The status […]read more09-15-2011 05:52 PM
Hi,
I have a question concering obtaining multiple DAQ readings from a single device. I am reading the values of several thermocouples using an NI 9213 device (which has up to 16 TC lines). In my attached Labview code, I am taking in the values of two different thermocouples (one is being used in a PID controller, the other simply measures temperature at another point and writes the data). However when I try to run this VI, I get the following error:
"Error -50103 occurred at DAQmx Start Task.vi:5
Possible reason(s):
NI Platform Services: The specified resource is reserved. The operation could not be completed as specified.
Task Name: _unnamedTask<D5>"
I know this has something to do with the hardware internal clock, since I am re-using it multiple times for different data readings, but I am not exactly sure how to get around it. I saw on a separate post that I might have to merge all the DAQ readings into one task and then run Start Task once? Is that correct, and how would I go about merging them?
- T
09-15-2011 07:20 PM
09-15-2011 08:25 PM
Yes, I actually did a little bit of searching before asking my question. It seems that merging my DAQs into a single task should eliminate this error, but I am a little unsure how to do this.
If you look at my code, I currently have two DAQmx VIs running. One is a DAQ Assistant that is reading a thermocouple, and the other one is a Create Channel where values will be written to a counter PWM output. Both of these occur outside of a while loop, and the latter VI is the one that the Start Task VI is wired to.
In addition to these two measurements, I have several other thermocouples that I would like to read and record measurements from. I want to turn these TCs on/off at will using boolean switches, so my idea was to use sequential case structures where one task (and its error) would be wired to the next, etc. But I am unsure where to insert these additional DAQ measurements (within the while loop, immediately after I update duty cycle in my PID controller?). I thought I would have to Start my task after all of the thermocouple readings were incorporated, but since I am doing these measurements every second, would my Start Task have to be inside the loop as well? Does that work?
Or would it be easier to change my DAQ Assistant VI to read multiple channels? In that case, I am unsure of how to select which channel to read from in each of my case structures (since I have to write each reading to a different spreadsheet column every second).
I am sorry if this seems overly complicated, but my program is designed to do a multitude of things (because a complicated Labview program is UNHEARD OF).
- T
09-15-2011 08:46 PM
I have actually tried reconfiguring the DAQ Assistant to now read multiple thermocouples, and I get an error saying that I must change my DAQ Read.vi (which initially only read the first TC) to a multiple-channels type of DAQ. However when I do that and select N-channels 1 sample, the output is a 1D array (which I'm assuming has the current readings from each thermocouple in an array?).
Would I now be able to select specific values using something like the Index Array function? That way all my measurements are now in the same DAQ Assistant, and I can call the values one at a time without error.
- T
09-15-2011 09:20 PM
Yes. N channels 1 sample will give you a 1-D array where each element represents a channel. Index array will get you each element of the array.
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Learn more about our privacy statement and cookie policy.Fine Living: A Driving Tour Of Germany
'
Are we products of our environment? When it comes to German cars, the answer is an unequivocal ja! The country’s varied, challenging terrain and prevalence of speed have factored into the equation of fine cars engineered to run hard. Three days in Germany may not seem like much time, but considering some of the nation’s best cars are produced in the lower regions, you will have ample time to sample them, push them and immerse yourself in their makers’ heritage.
All prices are listed in U.S. funds.
Day 1: All about the bimmers
BMW M6 CoupeYour first stop will find you at the multi-brand, multi-vehicle BMW headquarters. Just as they continuously improve their vehicles, they don’t let their facilities slip much either. BMW Welt is designed to leave a strong impression on its visitors. Pronounced velt (meaning world) the multipurpose complex promises to astound with its design and contents. This may also appease some critics who feel the historical displays don’t measure up to the superior factory tour, which even attracts non-car enthusiasts.
Being steeped in BMW culture will no doubt leave you yearning to unleash one of these incredible cars. This is understandable and the company enables you to do just that with their Driver Training series. Varying greatly in cost from about $130 to over $1,100, courses cover subjects from everyday driving safety to advanced techniques or even defensive driving for chauffeurs — just in case. Only instead of Kevin Costner with a bad haircut, you’ll learn from pro drivers who take this sort of thing very seriously — even by German standards. After learning how BMWs are built and the proper way to experience the ride, enjoy a light bite to eat from one of the restaurant choices within BMW Welt as you reflect and re-energize for the rest of the day.
Although there’s much to see and do in Munich, our ambitious itinerary suggests we keep moving. Besides, you’ll be itching to explore the M6’s capabilities, especially now that you have the driving know-how. Head out on the A9 for Ingolstadt about 45 miles north. You’ll find it a charming old-world city, but tonight you’ll be staying in one of its most modern buildings. Hotel im GVZ strikes a nice chord between contemporary and inviting with spacious and well-appointed rooms for about $170. Even better, it’s conveniently close to the Audi complex, where you’ll start your day tomorrow.
For dinner, drive to the central city where you’ll find Maximilian Restaurant at the Hotel NH Ambassador, which rewards the eye with warm tones throughout the dining area. The international and regional meals are all satisfying, but you’ll really enjoy the Mediterranean dishes.
About the car: A lot of luxury coupes match their owners’ profiles: sporty at heart, but a bit soft on the outside. Although the standard 6 Series is no Bavarian cream puff, the M6 manages to achieve even greater heroics. At the heart of it all is a 500 bhp V10 that launches you from 0 mph to 60 mph in 4.5 seconds and swiftly reaches its governed top speed of 155 mph (rumors suggest 200 mph is no problem without the limiter) with grace and poise.
Feed your speed demon with Audi and Porsche...Yuusha Party no Kawaii Ko ga Ita no de, Kokuhaku Shite Mita (WN)
I tried to protect my ex-commissioned men.
"What are you talking about?Happiness. I'm sure I need your song.We need another push for the yuga we just saw.Duke is going home with Irene, so you can sing like a blessing.Sophia is your boss.Let him hear a beautiful voice. "
"... convinced"
I thought it would make me feel depressed, but I was easily convinced and saved my life.
Well, even if you solve everything first, you might decide to party with Happiness.
Cecilia will look into the venue and I'll go to cooking and grocery shopping.
"Why don't we stop by Raven?"
It's just noon, so let's plug in some dinner.
Go to the Knights headquarters with their approval.
On the way, I stopped by the bakery and bought a slip into Raven.
Of course, don't forget your share.
Happiness cares about Raven's health or buys sandwiches with healthy meat and plenty of vegetables.
I bought two or the same products myself.
I made a sandwich sandwiched in gravy steak.
Cecilia used to sandwich dry fruit.
I arrived at the Knights' headquarters ready to plug it in.
"... oh, did you rub someone with Raven?"
As I approached the Knights' headquarters, I saw two figures.
There's no doubt one of them is Raven, the other one doesn't know.
A little bearded uncle.
I don't think he's asking for directions.
You don't look like an adventurer, you're dressed like a fine gentleman, and you're a nobleman.
"I wonder if I can talk to you, that.Maybe we should just wait and hide until it's over. "
"That's right. If we go like this, we might break the story. Let's wait a little longer."
"... Raven"
I was about to see how things were going.
Happiness whispered Raven's name and ran into the two people talking.
I was surprised at this, but we're both hiding, so I chased Happiness.
Raven's opponent, the old man, noticed the rushing happiness and sparkled his eyes.
"This is Happiness.Thank you for saving my troupe the other day.... and then there was a voice saying that I wanted to hear Happiness sing again.I don't have to join the theatre..... "
This old man came closer and spoke fluently.
You're with the theater group Raven was talking about.
The attitude and the content of the story suffice to understand how much you are entering happiness.
Happiness suddenly got nervous and hid behind my back.
Well, I'm not good at happiness.
Let's use it as a shield.
"Hi. I'm Happiness's... brother.Something for Happiness? "
"Is this your family?My name is Westa and I am the head of a tour troupe.Could you join us in the theatre today, Mr. Happiness?I'm here to negotiate whether you can continue to appear in the form of an exclusive opening in Minerva, even if you don't want to join the club. "
This commander is desperate.
I'm convinced that Happiness' song is worth it.
Raven is struggling to cope, and Happiness is in such a state.
Let me tell you something.
"I'm sorry, Happiness."
Um, excuse me.
Cecilia took my place.
"My name is Cecilia Aquaraine.Happiness worked as a servant of the Mansion.Suddenly I was told to join the theater troupe.Happiness hasn't confirmed her intentions, so I wonder if she can respond if you can reschedule the day. "
Perfect response with care for happiness.
I have nothing to add.
You're in such a bad dress by naming yourself brother.
"I didn't know you were a servant of the Aqua Rain family... I see.We will also reschedule and hope to receive a good response at that time. "
Westa left after bowing politely.
I wonder why, I'm not good at making that smile.
There's no doubt that Happiness' song is worth it.
It's a bit confusing to leave Happiness in person...
"... thank you, Cecilia, for saving me. And the yoke."
"I just named him."
Nothing in particular.
Cecilia made it, that's all.
"I brought you a slip."
"... I see. It's been such a long time.It's not a good place to stand up. Let's go to my room. "
Take Raven to the Knight's Office.
It's like Raven's tired.
Are you busy with the Knights?
Looking at the movements of the other knights doesn't look like a busy time.
When he entered the room, Raven sat in his seat, and the three of us sat in the guest chair.
No, wait.
There are two benches for guests.
You should sit with me, Cecilia, Raven and Happiness.
Raven, why are you trying to eat lunch by yourself looking at the paperwork?
"Go ahead, Mr. Youki."
Thank you, Cecilia.
I received a sandwich from Cecilia, and I could no longer eat it.
"... nourishing"
"... thank you."
I don't think I'm particularly worried when I see you two eating your matching sandwich.
After all, the theater has become a source of concern for Raven.
Happiness is not sitting on a chair and is cheeking on a sandwich next to Raven.
Now is your chance to talk to Cecilia.
Hey, Cecilia.
Speak quietly to Cecilia.
The sandwich has already finished eating, so it does not violate the manners.
What is it, Mr. Youki?
"Raven looks a little strange.I wonder if you're worried about the troupe. "
"Happiness is involved.At first, Mr. Raven relied on Happiness.Is it good for Happiness to take a walk?Maybe you're wondering if you should push. "
"Happiness didn't sing in the theater troupe...."
I think Happiness songs are powerful.
The race of Harpy can be judged irrelevantly.
The voice is beautiful and the number of mouths is small, and the ability to express and think makes a normal conversation.
If we don't get Happiness's intentions right... we're still working hard.
However, it's different to sing as part of a theater troupe in front of many people.
"I think it would be better to do it with me in a way that doesn't come out often."
"Really? I miss Happiness from the Mansion, too, so I'd like you to stay as long as you occasionally star.Of course, it's my personal opinion, so ultimately it's up to Happiness to decide. "
"That's right. After all, no matter what people say, it's ultimately up to me to decide."
Raven and the others finished eating while we were having a private conversation with Cecilia.
Raven is looking at us like he's sorry.
"... Yoki, Cecilia. There may be a Knights in the room.I'm sorry, but I'd like to ask you to do something romantic at home with Cecilia. "
"I didn't."
"That's not what I was talking about, Mr. Raven."
We both deny it.
No, no, I was just talking to you.
I don't remember having such a hard time talking to you.
"... unconscious"
"... it seems so."
No, no, that's not exactly what I'm talking about.
Mikana also told me that I was an advanced person.
I'm just having a normal conversation., […]
Month: April 2004
New project: Kristiania blog
Meaning of the word 'Tragedy'
My brother Koew sent me this joke by Anonymous: President George Bush is visiting an elementary school today and he visits one of the classes (4th grade). They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and meanings.The teacher asks the President if he would like to lead the class for an example […]
New Truckin' issue released!!
Pauly has released Truckin’ April 2004 (Vol. 3, Issue 4) where yours truly also has been allowed to participate most humbly and without capital letters. I haven’t had the chance to read through it yet, so it may stink from all I know, but I’d know more about this later on when I’ve actually read […]
The Daily Ibsen
Link of the day: Estimating the Airspeed Velocity of an Unladen Swallow
"After spending some time last month trying to develop alternate graphic presentations for kinematic ratios in winged flight, I decided to try to answer one of the timeless questions of science: just what is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?" Inspired by Monty Python, eh, Jonathan Corum? Read the article to see for yourself!
From the office: A soapy quarrel over soap
It has come to my immediate attention that the tasks performed in the landscape of an office-building requires a considerable amount of time to justify the importance of those involved. Like writing a report, going over statistical reasearch data, and stuff that would normally take 3-6 months will be subject to a process taking eventually […]
The Pamphlet of the Permanent Penguin Removal
After I released the shocking photographic evidence I was sent by the National Association Against Penguins yesterday, they were soon to send me regards and asked me wether I was willing to host their pamphlet as well. I accepted the offer, as I’ve been true to the cause ever since its beginning in the early […]
NAAP has dug up new evidence
The National Association Against Penguins (official webpage) has once again released breathtaking findings in their quest to abolish the freak that is the Penguin from the face of the earth. They’ve reached contact with undercover military photographer, known on the inside only as Cameron, who’s taken more than 150 photographs of penguins in military operations […]ZELDA Reversible Sheared Mink Fur Stroller
- Regular
- $3,495
- Sale
- $3,495
- Regular
- $5,495
Sold Out
- Unit Price
- per
- Fits true to size
- 100% danish sheared mink body
- 100% chinchilla or sable collar, cuffs and trim on both sides
- Fur origin : Canada (chinchilla), Russia (sable)
- Reversible to water repellent Taffeta fabric
- Front button closure
- 36" long
- Style #6522
- Dry clean by fur specialist onlyDeals & Dealmakers FeaturedCentury-old Adams & Company bringing next generation service to modern tenantsLinda O'FlanaganMay 8, 2019May 7, 2019 by Linda O'FlanaganMay 8, 2019May 7, 201902823 Last spring, Adams & Company introduced Equiem to its 22-building portfolio and witnessed what principal David Levy believes may have been the biggest change in- published: 19 Nov 2016
- views: 223
Chino Fresh Dark Days Bright Nights
Chino Fresh - "Rabbit Hole" Produced By: Donato Beats
This one is just a short 16 video. This is my 2nd video shooting on the DSLR. Practicing till I get it down.
Escuchá “FRESH” en Spotify Chino: Nick: Prod : avs_producciones #Fresh #Chino #Nick
4th Video on the DSLR. More videos coming. (Produced By: SunnyMarley)
Produced By Donato Beats indievidvisuals@gmail.com twitter @indievidvisuals facebook.com/indievidvisuals
Produced By: SunnyMarley
Chino Fresh - "G 3722" (Produced BY: CashMoneyAP) Gotta bring the bars back Run it like a bar back What's it mean to fall back I want it gotta get it I call this the car jack
Chino Fresh -"Let It Go" Let go of your relationship, friendship or side jawn. Life goes on man. Learn and Let Live.
(c) 2021 Madlib Invazion
Little throwback freestyle.via Architectural Digest
Don’t tell littleÂ DC but we are prepping a space on our property (which is pretty big and overwhelmingly overgrown) for a big ol’ playset that will be assembled before her 3rd birthday on the 20th. My Dad,Â Mom and brotherÂ have all chipped in to help us prepare for the big assembly and unveiling.Â This is what our weekends have consisted of; land clearing, debris removal and pinestraw distribution. We plan to nestle the playset among the hemlocks.
Have a great weekend everyone!Thanks for playing,
And now a quick word from our sponsors!
SHOP OUR VIBES:
1 Comment
Evan is pretty excited about breaking in that new playset next weekend.One of the most negative results of Brasil’s much heralded Real Plan, implemented during the Itamar Franco presidency, was the establishment of some of the world’s highest interest rates. Although they were lowered to some extent during the Lula and Dilma presidencies, they remain higher than any other nation in the G20 with the exception of Argentina. In this, the fourth instalment of our partnership with Le Monde Diplomatique Brasil, Silvio Caccia Bava interviews Amir Khair about the last 20 years of Brazilian political economy, Dilma Rousseff’s fiscal austerity adjustments and the base interest rate.
Silvio Caccia Bava: Was the fiscal austerity adjustment necessary? We are talking about billions of reais in public spending cuts this year – cuts in retirement pensions, health and education. Are these the only public spending cuts we need?
Amir Khair: The objective is to create better economic equilibrium and not to increase the gross debt because Brasil, unlike other countries, has an interest rate over this debt that transforms it into expenditure.
When people talk about the adjustments, they only consider reducing federal government spending, which is where the cuts are made, and reducing the federal taxes. This is the primary budget surplus. They ignore the issue of interest rates.
In 2005 we had the greatest budget surplus in history, reaching 3.9% of the GDP, but we also had a very high interest rate and the result was a 3.2% GDP deficit.
What is the primary outcome?
You calculate all the federal, state and county tax collection in the public sector, look at the costs and sum everything up. If you exclude the financial costs, which are the interest payments and financial revenue, you have the primary outcome. When you add the costs of interest payments and financial revenue you have the final, or nominal outcome of the public accounts. This is the main indicator observed around the world by all the institutions, the risk classification agencies,the IMF, World Bank, Inter-American Development Bank, etc. The primary outcome isn’t as important as the final outcome and its twin, which is the gross debt in relation to the GDP.
With a very weak primary outcome – as we saw in 2005 – but lower interest rates, the result was a 2.4% GDP deficit this year, which was better than 2005. It doesn’t make sense to talk about public finances looking exclusively at the primary result, it is important to consider the primary outcome together with the interest payments, which is the final outcome. This is what alters the relationship between the debt and GDP- not the primary surplus or the interest payments alone.
The issue of interest is buried in the debate over fiscal issues in Brasil. It is hard to see any press venue outside of specialised magazines, even by people who are considered experts in the field, to talk about interest. They keep their distance because the big banks make the commands on fiscal issues.
OK, but you haven’t said if you think the adjustments are needed…
I think that a certain equilibrium between receipts and spending is important for a simple reason. Every time it spends more than it earns, the government issues bonds to cover the difference. When it does that it increases its spending on interest, and that is what has been happening.
Now, with the so-called adjustment underway, for which the government is struggling to reach a primary surplus of 1.2% of the GDP, the bill for interest payments will reach 7.5% of the GDP, because the Central Bank keeps raising the Selic rate, raising the interest rates that relate to the debt.
Will these spending cuts, along with the increase in the Selic and interest rates, resolve the issue of equilibrium between receipts and public spending?
No. There will be an easy to predict budget overrun even if they reach their goal of 1.2% of the GDP with their adjustments. We have a lot of debt above this. A simple calculation can show it. If the payment of the interest on the debt is 7.5% of the GDP – and this is what we expect- and the primary surplus is 1.2%, this will cause a deficit of at least 6.3%. A deficit of 6.3% increases the relationship between gross debt- to GDP by 5 points and this is the indicator that everyone analyses.
I think that they chose a difficult path politically, because there are two types of cuts. The first is in spending that falls on the backs of the workers, reducing some of their rights. There may be abuses, but you are reducing people’s rights. The second is and cuts in benefits such as tax exemptions for businesses. Revoking these tax exemptions provokes strong resistance among powerful people who have influence over the Congress.. Many of the businessmen who finance election campaigns and put congressmen in power to defend their interests benefit from these exemptions.
There are estimates that these tax exemptions cost around R$100 Billion last year.
Yes, it’s possible. I don’t know the exact number, but it is a large amount, very large. This was made in a confusing form and the bill for these exemptions fell on the shoulders of the public retirement pension fund. It is an employers’ contribution of 20% of the payroll that was eliminated and replaced with tax of 1 and 2% of their revenue. Those sectors that have a greater payroll than revenue benefited greatly, because they didn’t pass their savings on to the consumer through lower prices, they just increased their margins. If the government’s goal was to strengthen these companies it worked, without a doubt, but it was the price paid to maintain an artificial exchange rate.
What does the exchange rate have to do with this?
These companies don’t just compete with other Brazilian companies but with all of the others around the world and there has been a terrible price war underway since 2008. Companies from the US, Europe and Japan came in strongly in the international product placement dispute and are invading everywhere. When you have an exchange rate that is is out of place like Brasil has had since the Fernando Henrique Cardoso era and the Real Plan, you create a difficult situation for national companies to compete both internally here in Brasil and especially in the export market.
Does the government control the exchange rate?
The government controls the exchange rate. It is incorrect to say that the exchange rate is floating, alas, the exchange rates in the entire world are much more managed than floating. With the increase in the Selic rate the government attracts dollars and their abundance drives prices down. Today Brazil is flooded with dollars. There are around $300 billion applied in short term investments here. During the last 13-14 months the Central Bank issued around $114 billion in exchange swaps to maintain the value of the Real because, according to its vision, it should only control inflation by means of the exchange rate, which facilitates the penetration of foreign products.
What is the part that that rich and the big companies are paying in the current fiscal adjustment?
There hasn’t been one charge made on these large companies. They continue to receive financing through the BNDES (Brazilian National Social and Economic Development Bank) with interest rates that are subsidised by the population at large and they haven’t had their exemptions reversed. But these large groups have everything to lose with the economy moving slowly. This decreases their income. The current counterpart is that these large companies, in general, have fantastic cashflow generation and large financial reserves held for interesting investment opportunities. Since the investment is paralysed because there isn’t a future perspective of increased consumption, they invest in the financial market, applying their reserves in bonds and sometimes these large corporations make most of their profits from the financial sector.
Are there other strategies to confront this need to reduce public spending?
They exist but they are politically difficult.
As we all know, the communications sector here in Brasil is tied to the financial markets. It is very hard to find any criticism of the financial markets in the media.
If you work with the largest interest rates on consumption, you paralyse the country because it doubles the price of products that are bought on credit. I don’t see much possibility to move forwards and take advantage of the potential for consumption unless this anomaly of the basic interest rates isn’t changed. This affects the exchange rate and the public finances. It affects the working capital for companies that get financial bailouts from the banks and sacrifices the consumer. There are alternatives, but I am talking about another strategy.
I think that it would be intelligent to contain spending as long as you propose to work will all expense items, including interest rates. But, if you bring this to the table you will make allies and enemies.
Who would the allies for a policy that would change the interest rates be? In the first place, the labour union federations. Secondly a portion of the big companies that lose more in income than they gain in finance because they want a market for their products. Third, those companies that export, in general the large companies that traditionally export to Europe, the US, South America, etc. This group wants to see consumption. It feed on consumption and anything that strengthens it to compete abroad. This group does not want artificial exchange rates and it is clear to everyone that the current rate is artificial because of distortions caused by the Selic rate.
If the Selic rate is lowered, how high could the dollar go?
I can’t say for sure, but I estimate that it would be between R$4-R$5. I have followed this issue since 1980 and analysis shows that we are still at the bottom of the well with the current exchange rate of R$3. The historic average is above R$4.
If the Central Bank stops intervening in the exchange rate it will rise to between R$4 and R$5. With this, imported products will be more expensive and the Brazilian consumer will buy more locally manufactured goods. Companies that have more tradition with international markets will be able to reactivate their exports.
You learn a lot when reactivating exports because it is a difficult dispute. So, technology will improve, productivity will improve, innovation will improve, all through the external challenges where the fight is more complicated.
When the crisis started in 2008, the US, Japan, Europe, and China depreciated their currencies and injected money into the economy. Brasil did the opposite. It retreated. Why? Because the great mantra of the Brazilian system is the ghost of inflation. Any time a leader tries to take any other measure automatically a large racket begins, led by the banks, that says it will generate inflation.
And you can see that there are other ways of fighting inflation without increasing the Selic rate. Eighty percent of Brazilian inflation has nothing to do with the Selic. Trying to control inflation by exclusive actions of the Central Bank is a basic error of an economy in which the fiscal and monetary policies are not integrated.
I am skeptical about the possibility of lowering the interest rates, but this does not invalidate the need to start working in the social area, mainly on the impact that these interest rates have on the lives of the Brasilian people. To do this you have to increase support for society as a whole. The government never mobilised for this. It doesn’t have any strategy to confront the anomaly of the Brasilian financial market.
The current crisis is threatening productive chains such as oil and gas. Is this a passing crisis? Will we continue to develop these internal productive chains?
The policies that started during the beginning of Rousseff’s government tried to use Petrobras and Electrobras as a screen against inflation and this created a complicated financial situation for these companies, both of which had strategic plans that involved large investments that they no longer have resources to fund. Today Petrobras is behind on its payments. This effects other companies as they are forced to lay off workers and no longer see any perspective in the investments that were planned and canceled. Petrobras is straying from its large scale investments to cover its interest payments and foreign debt without the minimum need to do so.
It was a policy error to subsidise gasoline prices through Petrobras instead of the national treasury.
You said that the big fear used to justify all these cuts is inflation. Are there other ways to fight inflation other than the ones that are being used?
Brazilian inflation can be broken down into three factors, which make up the IPCA, the official indicator that measures inflation. One group is the prices that are called free, within which you have the food and beverage industry, which contributes to 25% of the IPCA. So, if you have inflation, for example, of 10% in one month in the beverage industry, it will increase the IPCA by 2.5% that month.
Another item is the service sector, which makes up nearly 70% of the GDP. This is made up by millions of companies and people, kitchen maids, drivers, manicurists, hair stylists, restaurants and so on. The service sector is strong and commerce is heavily tied to it. Services are tied to the law of supply and demand because it is a competitive market with millions of consumers and millions of service providers.
In my opinion, Lula’s greatest legacy was the entrance of between 30-40 million people into the middle class. This group wants cellphones, TVs, cars, and an enormous variety of things. It wants services, a lot of services that it didn’t have before. 40 million new service consumers created imbalance between supply and demand. This created an inflation of demand that averaged 8.5% per year, never dropping below 8%. Since services are weighted at 35%, if you do the math 35% at 8% contributes 2.8 points to the IPCA.
These prices are not controlled by the Central Bank. Service prices are set by the market and those of the food industry are controlled mainly by climactic conditions.
Finally the third group is based on the monitored prices, that is, prices that depend on government decisions at the federal, state and municipal level. What is this? Electrical energy and fuel prices are controlled by the federal government; water and sanitation prices are controlled by the state governments; and collective transportation prices are mainly controlled by the municipal governments.
Differently than the Lula and Fernando Henrique Cardoso governments, Rousseff’s government suffered from four years of punishment from the food sector. Few people talk about this. She had to deal with an inflation in food prices that didn’t depend on her and compensate for this by holding down the monitored fuel and electricity prices. Now we are seeing the results of this problem.
This years’ inflation comes mainly from these monitored prices that are returning to the rates they had before they were held down.
There is a fourth group which runs outside, that is called the commercial goods. They are goods that are subject to international competition. If a company wants to increase the price of olive oil produced here, there will be oils produced in Spain, Portugal, Italy, wherever, that will compete with them. The head of household will go to the supermarket, look at the display and if there is a price increase, will experiment with another product. In this sector therefore the competition is closely tied to external factors.
Now, you don’t fight monitored prices with the Selic rate, you don’t fight service price increases with the Selic rate and you don’t control food prices with the Selic. They have nothing to do with each other and this is 80% of inflation. You only fight 20% of inflationary forces with the exchange rate and this is what the Central Bank does, playing hard with an elevated Selic rate, which attracts speculative dollars.
If you have a lot of dollars flooding in here, your currency gets stronger and this is the suicidal policy that has been in place since the beginning of the Real Plan in Brasil.
When there have been more costs than revenue in the entire context of public finance, including interest payments, what Brasil has done is simply issue public debt bonds. The Central Bank is prohibited from issuing bonds, but the National Treasury isn’t. So, the Central Bank requests the Treasury to issue them. If the Treasury were fiscally responsible, it wouldn’t do it. There has to be a limit for the federal debt. The Law of Fiscal Responsibility attempted to set mandatory limits on the state, municipal and federal governments, but neither Fernando Henrique Cardoso , nor Rousseff or Lula wanted to regulate and approve the part related to federal government spending in Congress. They wanted the freedom to increase the debt and they all defined the interest rates over these debts. If you regulate this part of the Fiscal Responsibility Law, this group will think twice whether it will issue bonds or not.
Another way to finance debt is to issue money. The government injects resources into the economy but automatically those who are against it will say that it will generate inflation because it puts more money in circulation. If it really worked that way, there would be huge amounts of inflation in the US, which nearly tripled its monetary base since the 2008 crisis. Europe, China and Japan did the same thing. Nevertheless, they are all afraid of deflation at the moment.
The monetary base of Brasil is around 4-5% of the GDP. In the world, it is over 30-40% of the GDP. With the current policy, the Brazilian government secures the economy by all possible measures and passes a huge fiscal cost onto the public sector in the order of 7-8% of the GDP, when in the rest of the world this fiscal cost of the debt is around 1-2% of the GDP.
Why don’t we do what the other countries do?
Because the government as well as the opposition and the analysts speak in the language of the financial markets, and this is what dominates in the Brazilian economy. It is rare to see an analyst make a broader level, more complete or more systematic criticism of the Brazilian economy.
Looking forwards, considering the situation that we are in, how can we get out of this downward spiral that the fiscal adjustments are inducing?
Sometimes I think that the crisis itself will show us the way. If we insist on the current path, we will finish the year with a 2% decrease in GDP. This hasn’t happened in decades and next year the estimate is for between 0-1% growth. What will be the repercussions of this be in social terms? Unemployment will increase. There will be social tension, people will react cautiously- they won’t want to buy and this will have repercussions in business profits. The social and economic situation affecting the country will worsen and could reach a point of a near rupture. We are not at this point yet because there is a little hope in the so-called fiscal adjustments.
You cannot sit calmly with the understanding that this will worsen. You have to be alert and start looking for allies in this process, and put your mouth on the trombone.
Looking for allies implies that they will be put together to deliver a minimum agenda. What is this agenda and who are the allies?
Speaking in terms of the working class, the biggest alliance is the one made to defend employment and, in second place, for improvements in salaries and benefits. With the business class, you have allies among companies trying to increase earnings. Every company wants to increase its earnings, improve its competitive position, and this improvement is tied to economic growth. This is another important ally. And finally, one ally that is rising up now with great force is civil society, the population itself that is organising and complaining about what it receives from the public sector. This group is still amorphous from the point of view of its proposals, etc, but it is a group that yells and bothers. You have to speak for this group too, which can be a marvellous ally; not a group that speaks in terms of impeachment or not, of return to the military dictatorship, but one that will toughly hold the government to task and if it tries to respond with more taxes.
In the case of Curitiba at the moment, it’s the teachers.
This is one of the strong examples. It’s very moving. This group has straight relations with the government and depends on it as salaried public workers and they vote, make noise and the social networks multiply their clamour and power. When you start having concrete things… For example, Mais Medicos is an excellent government program which has started placing doctors in places that never had them before. In this way you create a favourable public opinion and the group that is against it begins to lose power. There have been a lot of experiences already made, its now a question of really putting this all into practice.
Amir Khair was the Former Finance Secretary during the Luiza Erundina Mayoral Administration in São Paulo (1989-1992). Tax, finance and budget consultant who’s clients have included the BNDES, the São Paulo state government and the Salvador, Belo Horizonte and Goiania mayoral administrations.The Colts are closing in on a head coach to go with the three assistants they already hired, including defensive coordinator Matt Eberflus.
Indianapolis is expected to hire Frank Reich as its new head coach this week.
But the Colts still need an offensive coordinator.
The Colts have talked with Darrell Bevell for weeks about the team’s offensive coordinator job, Jason La Canfora of CBS Sports reports. While the Seahawks’ former offensive coordinator still could be a possibility for the Colts, the Giants also could have interest in Bevell as offensive coordinator after the Vikings denied them chance to hire Kevin Stefanski.
Bevell, 48, spent the past seven seasons in Seattle. The Seahawks fired him after last season.
He interviewed with several teams, including most recently the Vikings.Twoph more »B0009F3MOMHow to Pick a Medical Assistant School in Greensboro Alabama
Now that you have decided to enter the gratifying field of health care and enroll in a medical assistant program in Greensboro AL, it’s time to choose a college that will furnish the appropriate training. But just how do you go about comparing and evaluating schools so that you subsequently enroll in the right one? Many future students begin by checking out the medical assistant schools that are closest to their homes and then gravitate toward those that have the most affordable tuition. While cost and location are very important, such things as accreditation, job assistance and internship programs are important issues also. You may want to look into some online medical assistant programs as an alternative also (more about that later). The bottom line is that prior to selecting a college you must finish your due diligence and compare all important aspects of the schools you are assessing. And to assist you with that process, we have provided some questions that you should ask each of the colleges on your “maybe” list. But before we start that review, let’s briefly talk about the role of a medical assistant and the type of training and credentials that are offered.
The Responsibilities of Medical Assistants
The job of a medical assistant can be varied as well as demanding. Primarily their duty is to make sure that the Greensboro AL clinics, hospitals and other healthcare centers where they work operate successfully. Based on the size or type of facility, they can be more of an administrative assistant, a clinical assistant, or in smaller practices both. They are tasked with giving direct support to the physicians, nurses and other health professionals but can also be found performing duties at the front desk or in an office. Some of the potential duties of a medical assistant include:
- Filling out insurance forms and submitting claims
- Setting and verifying appointments
- Taking vital signs and weighing patients
- Collecting blood and other fluid and tissue specimens
- Preparing instruments and rooms for physicians
- Providing basic support during examinations and procedures
Even though Greensboro AL medical assistants may carry out almost any duty Programs and Certification
In contrast to most other medical professionals, medical assistants are not mandated to become certified, licensed, or to earn a college degree. However, a number of Greensboro AL employers would rather hire graduates of an accredited medical assistant training program (more on accreditation later ) that are certified. There are basically two options provided for a formal education. The first and shortest way to becoming a medical assistant is to earn a diploma or a certificate. These programs normally take about a year to complete, a few as little as 6 to 9 months. They are designed to teach the fundamentals of medical assisting and prepare graduates for entry level positions. The second alternative is to attain an Associate Degree, which are typically two year programs available at junior and community colleges as well as vocational and technical schools. They are more comprehensive in nature than the certificate or diploma programs, and include liberal arts courses in addition to the medical assistant courses. They usually have a idea for those who wish to advance their careers. It will not only help in obtaining a position after graduation, but it can also enhance initial salary negotiations. A number of possible Greensboro AL employers just will not hire a medical assistant that has not received accredited formal training or certification.. Additional certifications are offered also, including the CMAA and the CCMA that we discussed earlier which are provided by the NHA.
Online Medical Assistant Classes
There are many accredited medical assistant programs available online as well. They are a good alternative for individuals who may not have time to go to classes on campus but could fit them in if accessible at home. This is an especially good solution for students who continue to work full-time while pursuing their certificate or degree. As an extra benefit, some online schools have lower tuitions than the more traditional on-campus alternatives. Supplemental costs including those for textbooks, commuting and school supplies can be lessened as well. But remember that any requirements for clinical training or internships must still be met, but they can often be performed in regional Alabama medical care facilities. If you can learn without the formal structure of attending supervised classes on-campus, then this mode of receiving your education might be the ideal option for you. With the online classes and the practical training, everything necessary to achieve proficiency to perform as a medical assistant in Greensboro AL is provided.
What to Ask Medical Assistant Colleges
Before you can start reviewing your medical assistant program alternatives, you need to determine which kind of credential you want to earn, and if you would prefer attending classes on campus near Greensboro AL or online at home. After those selections have been made, you can start the process of researching programs. As we discussed at the opening of this article, some potential students limit their searches to the schools that are nearest to home with the cheapest tuitions. Although cost and location are significant qualifications, they are by no means the only ones. There are several additional factors that you need to examine when assessing Alabama schools. To help you with that process, below are some questions that you should ask about all of the programs you are considering before making your final choice.
Is the Medical Assistant School Accredited? There are several good reasons to make sure that the school you enroll in is accredited. First, accreditation helps ensure that the training you receive will be both comprehensive intend on applying for a student loan or financial assistance, they are frequently not available for non-accredited programs. And last, as mentioned previously, many potential Greensboro AL employers will not hire a medical assistant who has not graduated from an accredited school.
What is the Program’s Passage Rate? Most of the accredited Greensboro AL area medical assistant colleges create their programs to prep students to pass one or more certification examinations. First, you must learn which of the certifications the programs you are reviewing are preparing their students for. If you are interested in taking the CMA for instance, then of course you will need to select a program focused on that certification. Next, learn what the program’s passage rate is for the certification and contrast it to the national average. Doing this is one of the ways to help assess the quality of a college’s program. Of course programs with lower rates are those that you will prefer to eliminate.
Which Credentials are Provided? As we previously covered, there are essentially two paths to getting medical assistant training. You can enroll in a diploma or certificate program and get entry level training in the fastest amount of time, starting at just 6 months, however the average is closer to one year. Or you can decide to earn an Associate Degree and receive a more comprehensive education that will take about 2 years to accomplish in a junior college or trade school. Whatever program you elect to enroll in, make sure that the Greensboro AL area schools you are reviewing provide the type of program you are interested in.
Are Internships Offered? A large number of Alabama medical assistant programs sponsor internship programs with area medical care providers. They are a great way to get hands-on clinical experience and training. They may also help students establish relationships within the Greensboro AL medical community. And as an additional benefit, they are an advantage on resumes and for job interviews too.
Is Job Placement Help Offered? Getting that initial job can be a challenging task for medical assistant school graduates unless they have a little help from a job placement program. Confirm that the colleges you are evaluating provide job placement assistance and find out what their placement rate is. If a college has a high job placement rate for its graduates, it affirms that it has a good reputation within the health care community. It also suggests that it has a large network of contacts in the Greensboro AL area to help place students in jobs.
How Large are the Classrooms? Class size might be an indication of how much personal instruction you will get throughout your training. Small classes and classes with a higher teacher to student ratio are more prone to offer increased access to instructors and face to face interaction. If convenient, try to monitor a couple of classes before enrolling in a college in the Greensboro AL area to experience what the teaching atmosphere is like and just how much attention the students get.
Is Class Scheduling Accessible? If you plan on attending a medical assistant program while you continue to work on a full time basis, it’s essential that the college you enroll in offers classes that fit your schedule. If you need to attend classes at night or on weekends in Greensboro AL, make sure that those times are offered. You might responsibilities.
Choose the Best Medical Assistant Training Program in Greensboro AL
It’s imperative to start your new career on the right foot by picking a medical assistant school that will furnish the right training. Regardless if you’re objective is to begin a career in health care starting out as a medical assistant or to pursue medical assistance as your life long career, you need to obtain the right info on available programs before making your decision. There are so many schools offering training nowadays that you can make a selection based upon your personal preferences and individual circumstances. And as we have addressed in this article, confirm that the program you pick is accredited by a recognized agency, such as the CAAHEP. This is particularly important if you anticipate taking the CMA certification examination. But irrespective of the type of credential that you intend to earn or if you have made a decision to attend either an on-campus or online school, be sure to ask the questions we have provided in order to evaluate programs and make an informed decision. And by selecting the best program you can subsequently start a gratifying career as a medical assistant in Greensboro AL.
Why Did You Decide to Be a Certified Medical Assistant?When preparing to interview for a medical assistant job, it's advantageous to consider questions you may be asked. Among the questions that recruiters typically ask candidates is "What made you select medical assistance as a career?". What the interviewer is hoping to uncover is not only the personal reasons you may have for being a Medical Assistant, but also what qualities and talents you possess that make you good at your profession. You will probably be asked questions pertaining specifically to medical assisting, along with a significant number of routine interview questions, so you need to organize several strategies about how you want to respond to them. Because there are numerous factors that go into choosing a career, you can respond to this fundamental question in a multitude of ways. When preparing an answer, aim to include the reasons the work appeals to you in addition to the strengths you have that make you an exceptional medical assistant and the perfiect choice for the position. Don't attempt to memorize an answer, but jot down a few concepts and talking points that pertain to your personal experiences and strengths. Going over sample answers can help you to formulate your own thoughts, and provide ideas of what to include to wow the interviewer.
Some Cities in Alabama That May Be Of InterestThe most common cause of injury at work is slips and trips and, on average, they cause forty per cent of all reported major injuries. Floor protection, such as entrance, door & walkway mats, help reduce these injuries by allowing you to wipe excess moisture from your feet when entering a building. This reduces the chance of slipping or leaving behind residue which someone else could slip on.
Entrance, door & walkway mats can prevent slippery floor conditions caused by moisture tracked in by pedestrian traffic. Moisture-absorbent mats with bevelled edges trap the liquid, preventing it from pooling. Pools of liquid reduce the friction between the floor and a person's shoes making it harder to grip and easier to fall. Floor mats should also have backing material that will not slide on the floor or else they will themselves be an additional hazard.
Entrance walkway mats vary in material, thickness, colour, and size. Larger mats are suitable for use in high volume traffic areas. Entrance mats can be placed indoors or outdoors, whichever is more suitable for the desired location. Cable mats are designed to cover cabling that lies across a pedestrian area protecting you from trip hazards and normally include an integrated cable run.
Floor mats are normally made from carpet material with a backing material made from PVC, rubber and polypropylene. The backing material is an added floor protection. For industrial use, rubber mats are ideal and can be used indoors and outdoors and normally include built in holes for catching grit, dirt and other debris.
Specialist floor & door mats are used for a specific purpose such as clean rooms, hospitals or food environments plus, can be used in heavy traffic areas. The floor mats have an adhesive sticky surface attracting and containing dirt used indoors only. These mats are available in layered pads allowing you to peel off a sheet when soiled leaving you with a clean surface. Refill pads are available for these floor mats.About Me
You yearn for to find out exactly how to write my paper through hand? It seems really intimidating however in truth it is not as difficult as some individuals produce it out to be actually. Writing an investigation paper could be carried out through anyone. It is an ability that people has to create as time go on. If you are serious regarding discovering exactly how to write my paper through palm, at that point there are actually some important steps that you need to take. These actions will help you come to be a superb paper writer.
Of all, you must set a due date for yourself. Whether it is a special assessment or a promotion at job, you must possess a deadline and follow it. Professional publishers inspect for stealing to guarantee that your papers may not be ideal in relations to syntax, style, and also spelling.
Make use of appropriate syntax and also style rules. The majority of article writers that are actually hired by writing services will definitely examine your paper for mistakes. Most writing companies possess readers, or even publishers, who do this review a daily manner. They will definitely get misspelled words and syntactic inaccuracies.
When writing essays, it is essential to know your assignment entirely just before beginning it. There are some topics that can certainly not be covered in a term's task due to opportunity restrictions. This would certainly be actually manuals, publications, and also various other such details. Various other subjects may certainly not demand as a lot time yet are more vital including a thesis declaration for a premise job. Pupils are often provided time limits for essay jobs depending on the duration as well as complexity of the project.
Another crucial consider completing tasks is actually studying. Study has to be actually carried out to support your disagreements in your essays. For that reason, you must check out many manuals, publications, and papers before writing your essays. This will certainly enable you to familiarize your own self with the principles in your topic and also the various ideas that are used in writing.
A writing services firm are going to help trainees along with their essays, regardless of the subject. Nevertheless, if you opt for to take on the responsibility of writing your personal assignments, regularly bear in mind to follow suitable sentence structure as well as style policies. The last thing an excellent essay writer service will definitely wish to observe is actually an essay that is inadequately created, littered along with grammar and flaws, as well as challenging to understand.
The moment the writing is comprehensive, it is actually an excellent tip to talk to several inquiries to the writer concerning your essay. See to it you are satisfied along with the solutions. If you are actually certainly not, see to it you inquire questions once more. Often, the writer may be unaware of one thing that you may determine the moment you have actually brought in the corrections to your job.
Several college students think about the deadline for their essay writing as well as documents jobs. There are in fact methods you can help your own self fulfill the due date and possess plenty of opportunity to complete the ventures you are actually working on. When you spend someone else to create your documents or even the project for you, make certain to provide enough opportunity to complete the venture, however you can easily likewise provide some leeway in the event you have unforeseen situations.
You can discover several writers who provide services for scholastic writing online. A lot of these writers have experience in writing large amounts of essays and papers. You should search for authors with experience in training at the same time. A number of the authors for scholastic writing services may also give tutoring solutions to help you begin along with your writing job.
There are actually many conveniences to tapping the services of essay authors. You may request custom-made writing companies modified to fulfill your demands. If you need certain formatting, essay authors can personalize the design for you so that it meets your certain needs. In add-on, you may typically fulfill each one of your deadlines without needing to stress over needing to accommodate the work around your schedule.
As I pointed out in the past, you can utilize a paper writing service for several traits. If you require help writing an essay for a paper record, you can easily speak to a number of different authors for assistance. You can cover what you would like to include, as well as the types of truths or info you wish to feature. Generally, authors are going to deliver several kinds of recommendations on just how best to compose the essay.
It is crucial to keep in mind that there is no right or even inappropriate method to compose any kind of sort of academic paper. The only appropriate answer is actually the response that you find finest suited for you and also your demands. As discussed over, you should look at choosing a specialist essay writer. Doing this can easily help to guarantee that you delight in the procedure. When you tap the services of an expert writer, you can easily rest assured that your work is actually of high quality as well as that your essay are going to be actually allowed at a top-level college or even college. If you require academic essay help, are sure that you take the opportunity to explore all of your choices.Please note that there will be no classes on Monday, 1st of November because of the public holiday and voting.
Centurion Gymnastics provide high quality instruction to children of all ages in the Centurion area. We offer a variety of programs for boys and girls, birthday parties and other special events.Pu. Pooja Kannan is playing in the role of Samuthirakani’s daughter for the Chithirai Sevvanam movie. Check out below for Puja Kannan (Sai Pallavi Sister) Wiki, Biography, Age, Family, Images and more.
Puja Kannan Images
Read other biographies: Manoj Bajpayee | Sudhanshu Pandey | Aksha Pardasany | Diana Penty | Shashank Arora | Banita Sandhu | Amit Trivedi | Ahmed Khan | Gaurav Arora | Mandana Karimi | Usha Uthup
Pooja Kannan Details
Pooja Kannan was born on 5 June 1997, in Kotagiri, Tamil Nadu, India. Puja Kannan family is now Hassan, Karnataka, India. Her father name Senthamarai Kannan and her mother name is Radha Kannan. She made her schooling in SSVM Institutions, Coimbatore and she made her graduation in G.R.D. College of Arts and Science, Coimbatore. Moreover, she is the sister of famous and well-known actress Sai Pallavi. Now she is working on a short film Kaara.
Puja Kannan Images
Pooja Kannan Biography
Puja Kannan Facebook:
Puja Kannan Twitter:
Pooja Kannan Instagram:
Pooja Kannan Images
Read other biographies: Deepak Dobriyal | Swarnamalya | Neetu Chandra | Shriya Saran Husband (Andrei Koscheev) | Benedict Taylor (Radhika Apte Husband) | Sunita Kapoor (Anil Kapoor Wife) | Sulfath Kutty (Mammootty Wife)Once Upon A Deadpool is running in theaters now, giving moviegoers and Marvel fans another chance to get acquainted with Marvel’s mouthiest, ugliest mercenary while also introducing fans to its luckiest. We’re talking about Marvel’s luckiest mutant: Domino. Marvel is already teasing a new Domino-led group called Domino: Hotshots.
While many fans may be unaware of Domino’s Rich history, today we’re going to enlist 7 things you may not know about Marvel’s luckiest female.
7. Abilities
Domino has the ability to alter the probability field around herself and in her direct eye line with random telekinetic events.
She does all of it subconsciously with no real control over her ability beyond working it in favour of herself and activating when she’s in danger. She’s also excellent in hand-to-hand combat.
6. Co-founded the X-Force
It was actually Cable who formed the X-Force in the comics with Domino, as its founding member. Unbeknownst to Cable, Domino had been replaced by Copycat and was held hostage by Mr Tolliver.
Domino escaped a year later with Cable’s help and together they exposed Copycat as an imposter.
5. Has a complicated relationship with Cable
Domino and Cable have been friends, enemies, teammates and even lovers which was made even more complicated as Cable started dating Domino’s imposter while the real Domino was still held captive by Tolliver.
It was after this that Cable became someone on whom Domino could rely on.
4. The 198
House of M is one of the biggest events in the Marvel mythos till date. It sees Scarlet Witch been driven so mad that she decides to eradicate all Mutants. And she does it too.
She leaves a world behind with only 198 Mutants left with their abilities and who do you think was lucky enough to retain their powers, huh? Domino!
3. Resurrected by Luck
While once being hunted by mercenary Marcus Tsung, Domino was actually killed. To be precise, she got a huge hole in her spine. But then, what will death do if you’ve got luck on your side?
Nothing, really, because not long after that she works up on the autopsy table with a techno-organic symbiote healing the hole.
2. Recruited by the NSA
Domino was recruited by the NSA at a very young age. She was raised in at the age of 15 after she ran away from the church.
By this time, she was familiar with her abilities and had skilled enough to survive. She was then approached by the NSA. They had an opportunity for someone with her “unique” abilities.
1. Alektorophobia
Domino has got no weakness, no fears, nothing. She’s been a prisoner of a Time-displaced lunatic and has even had a hole blasted through her body.
However, she does have a weakness that I’m sure will leave you surprised: Chickens. Well, you don’t really trust any chicken you’ve met in life, do you? Domino does. Every. Day.I’m not sure how many battles can be lost before the war is over. I suppose it never is if you just keep fighting. Maybe one day I will change my name to Rocky or the Champ, but not yet. I’m just taking the hits and trying to get to the next day. The government wore me down and it was going to cost a lot of money for a lawyer or I needed to try a different way to fix my status here.
I’d been encouraged to go home and see my Dad by my cousins who had visited and were feeling a bit nervous about his decline. It would also be a good chance for me to get to the French Consulate and renew my Visa with the correct status. I started planning. It was going to be a world wind trip starting from San Francisco to Orange County, then to New York and end in New Jersey. The adventure would take 3 weeks and promised much missed visits and American comforts.
I would leave after the DELF results came, allowing me enough time to send off paperwork for dual citizenship. I came out of the exam feeling triumphant. I knew there was no way I was going to fail, I only needed 5 points to pass and the studying had really been showing my improvement . My French friends where telling me how much better I was writing but when the results came and I found that I failed again I couldn’t believe it and either could they. I was so devastated I couldn’t share the news out of sheer embarrassment. Since then I am numb to it, and accept that it will happen in time and vow to return to school witch can only help.
I
left France in great needed of a break and arrived in San Francisco to find I had issues with my SIMM card preventing me from having contact with anyone. It seems that when my iPhone was stolen the year before, I bought a new one that was not a “Global Phone” meaning an American SIMM card would not work and my paying to my American number had been a waste of money over the last year and a half.
I was at the Sprint store when I was told that I needed to get to the hospital in Orange County. My dad had been moved from rehab to the Hospital and waiting for my flight in a couple days was no longer advisable. He was having issues breathing and they had put a chest tube in. I never imagined in my life that I would ever walk up to a ticket counter and asked for the next ticket they had. It was like a scene a movie. Appropriate with how much my dad and I shared this passion.
I was taken directly to the hospital from the airport and spent the next several days there with exception of the Consulate Appointment witch had to happen in order for me to be able to get back into France when the trip was over. I know my Dad would tell me to go and I made the trip very quickly with no issues.
I was honored to be there with him when he took his last breathe. We were watching a movie on Turner Classic Films and I held his hand and made jokes listening to him snore like a bear making me laugh. It was our last slumber party and I felt a relief for him as he took his last breathe and knew that the pain was gone. It was not the trip I had planned and I was lucky to be there. I assured him though he was not conscious that I would not give up and continue to strive to live life fully and appreciate the gift I have.
With a new guardian angel watching over me, I pledged to come back to France and be a success. After bittersweet times with family and friends, I returned and went straight to the various offices that I already had become an expert at. I submitted my new papers and was discouraged when a typo was made calling me a “visitor” again and forced my way back thru the mobs of immigrants to show the documents to the security guards that awarded me the magic ticket. An appointment the next week.
It was a small victory when they agreed a mistake was made and vowed to correct it. Now I wait for their further instruction. After consulting with the various married friends I have here, I have been given a rough idea of what will come.
First there will be a one day orientation to go over the next steps. Then I will have 3 days of training on various things like French history and a test to evaluate my language skills and determine the number of hours they will school me for free. From my understanding this will not be the level I need help with and they will most likely give me a minimum number of hours to satisfy the process. But I am agree that a strong foundation and review is always a good thing especially when it is free.
After that I will be issued a new Con-joint Carte de Sejour with a questionable expiration. Until then, My Visa will be the key to the kingdom and I proudly point out the part that says “Autorise Travail “meaning I can work. As soon as the government offices were taken care of and the shopping and cleaning had all been done I began on the next real projects that will be taking my time away from Blogging.
I have committed to creating my own Tour company. Having had so much time to explore the city I have been complimented by Parisians as to the level of my knowledge and will stop offering my free tours I have gladly provide to friends and family and start making a living at it.
The idea is to have it be on both continents that way I can travel back and forth for business. Since I was fairly experienced giving tours in San Francisco and Napa, I decided that I will target the French market for this and secured my first client that will have me do a 3 day tour at the end of the summer.
I have a small support system here that I like to refer to as, “The Team.” Each adds a given talent to my needs weather it is listening to my voice mail or helping with government forms. We all have them, but mine have a special place in my heart having adopted me so kindly as their pet American. One of my business savvy “team” members helped me to file my paperwork so that I am officially an auto entrepreneur, or what we call a self-contractor.
Of course each step of the way is a hard one. They lead to other steps, and inevitably they need additional Paperwork. Each paper I fill out is returned with three more that need to accompany it when returned, but I am still in the war.
My Social security is actually reimbursing me on small portions of bills and I was able to get a real Mammogram after a couple years and finding a doctor that speaks a little English. I suppose I am acclimating to French life. I have a an appointment with the unemployment offices in 2 weeks. Supposedly, if I attend this meeting with them, I may be eligible for some small amount of money to help me with my business. I try to see the glass as half full and keep busy and avoid being sad. I was able to end my trip to the states with a visit with my Aunt Grace who just celebrated her 92nd birthday.
I recall as a child visiting their home where her husband, my Uncle drew a picture of 3 of the dwarfs from the Snow White to represent my sisters and myself. Snow white was one of the most famous 35 mm films ever made and the first French book I bought when I started school. He was a very good Artist and he wrote the names of each of us under the dwarves he had selected to represent us.
Underneath the drawing of “Happy” was my name printed clearly and I love that this is what he saw in me. I have the picture in storage still and I will try to remind myself that this me. This is how I should navigate the land mines on the battle field.
I’ll continue to Blog when I can, and encourage you to check out my new web site that is changing every day as I work on it more. I started a novel and will be pulling back from Blogging to spend more time on it although I will be published in September, but not for writing. I did my first Paris tour for Americans this last week and it wasn’t even anyone I know. This made me “Happy” and I know that it is just the beginning.
2 thoughts on “Blanche-Neige a été filmée en 35 m o”
Love you Allison this is beautiful thank you for sharing ❤
Thanks Charlie, Hard to share sometimes, but im happy to have people like you in my life that understand. Send your Mom my love:)Class of 2019 Caldwell Fellow
At the College of Design, we have some of the best and brightest in terms of our students (faculty and alumni too). It is amazing to meet with these young individuals and learn first-hand how intelligent they really are.
I recently met with Nikki Knapp who is a freshman in the Art + Design program working towards a degree in Design Studies with a concentration in biology. Two uniquely different studies, yet surprisingly complementary. “Biology has made me aware of how beautiful life forms are, how complex they can be. Things like genetics are so interesting. I think the application of design and biology are not that different.”
“I was almost not coming here (to the College of Design); I was going to Chapel Hill to study biology. Then all of these things started to show me different signs that led me to the College of Design. A TED talk about doing what you love was inspiring and I realized this was a sign,” Knapp said emphatically.
Knapp has a positive outlook and is passionate about many things. She is optimistic and excited for what lies ahead. Recently, Knapp was selected as one of the NCSU Caldwell Fellows Class of 2019. This is a prestigious award for exceptional students who excel in the areas of outstanding character, leadership potential, scholarship, and dedication to service. Twenty-five students were chosen to be part of the NCSU program and the selection process is rigorous and intensive.
Applicants were required to complete three essays, seven response questions, and submit a three-minute video on how they fit within the Fellowship program. From these submissions, 60 candidates were chosen to participate in a day-long selection process. This process included numerous 30 to 40-minute interviews that determined the 25 recipients. “It was stressful but an amazing experience,” said Knapp.
“I got to meet all the 2019 Caldwell Fellows at a retreat this past weekend. It was amazing. They all have so much substance; such a unique and inspiring group of people. We stayed up all night just talking and getting to know everyone.”
The Caldwell Fellows program invests in students who possess a passion for learning, leadership for social change, and serving others. The program is in honor of Chancellor John T. Caldwell (1959-75) and his vision that encourages scholars to “Think BIG.” It facilitates the opportunity for students to maximize their college experience through financial support for tuition, a stipend that provides travel and collaborative experiences, and coaching and mentoring from community and business leaders.
Recent past recipients of the College of Design include Class of 2018 Amanda Crawford (Industrial Design) and Sam Linville (Graphic Design), Class of 2017 Allison Press (Graphic Design) and Caswell Turner (Art + Design), and Class of 2016 Jocelyn Barahona (Architecture) and Bethany Faulkner (Graphic Design).
Knapp is thrilled to have been selected for this opportunity and is grateful for the chance to enhance her college experience. “I’m most excited about the travel. I’ve not traveled a lot and the opportunities (available through the Caldwell program) are about cultural immersion. The only requirement is that we have to write a reflection which is wonderful,” she said with delight. “Every summer, I’m going to get to do something and it’s going to be great.”
This summer, Knapp is taking part in a ‘Mountain to Sea’ backpack trip to the Pisgah National Forest and the Outer Banks. “It’s a true experience. The benefits of being grateful for what you have and the opportunity for development and leadership skills as you work as a team,” Knapp said are the reasons she selected this event.
Her reflection on the future: “I would love to teach. My passion would to some day be a teacher in the high school or college level. The people who have impacted me the most are teachers who have experience in the professional world and then became teachers for the love of what they do.”
As a freshman, Knapp has learned much and participated in as many activities and programs that her schedule will allow. As the member of the Design Council, which is a student-run organization within the College of Design, Knapp is the Community Relations and Outreach coordinator.
“Nikki represents the best of the College of Design – she’s been a wonderful addition to Design Council as part of the Community Relations effort and she works hard to serve the student body in the College of Design. I’m very grateful for the privilege of working with her and the rest of the Design Council team,” stated Sam Linville, President of Design Council and sophomore pursuing a degree in graphic design who is also a Caldwell Fellow.
Her favorite class: “I really enjoy design thinking. While you are in it, it may not seem like it’s important and then you realize it’s so critical. We have a lot of guest lectures that allow us to see what they have accomplished and how they apply design thinking. The most important person in the room is the one who is not supposed to be there. Someone said this in one of the lectures and it struck me as so true and powerful.”
About Nikki: “I have a lot of passions. A big thing in my life is music. I’ve played the piano since I was young and just recently, I just started writing songs. I like lacrosse and played all through high school. I’ve thought about playing club or intermural but I don’t have the time. I have a little sister who is my best friend and a large part of my life. She is a junior in high school at Cardinal Gibbons. I miss her. I always thought she would be great in design because she is so creative.
Knapp is ready to take on any challenge or opportunity presented to her. She is ready to live a Designlife..With you I’m confident
Simply because I see all the evidence of your love.
You eliminate my insecurities.
You give me more smiles than tears.
I’ve never felt this comfortable.
Finally got out of that type of comfort zone.
Everyone else made me feel lonely…
Even when I wasn’t alone.
Thank you for showing me what I needed.
I tried myself but never succeeded.
You’ve restored the light in me.
Even if you don’t see it.
I feel the best I could ever be.
This self-esteem on me really fits..
Some of the problems you’ll be working on:.Harvey’s has a new coupon deal where fans can get a pair of premium meals for $12.99, through April 30, 2017.
The Premium 2 Can Dine for $12.99 coupon deal includes your choice of any two of the following main items: Quarter Pound Angus Burger, Double Original or Double Veggie Burger. The meal also comes with April 30, 2017.
Image via Harvey’sAeries Ideas
Sort Columns and Query the Online Enrollment Import Page
Add option to sort the columns on the Online Enrollment (AIR) Import Results page to better clean up data. Also adding the option to Query the AIR import Page to better assess online enrollment data.18 votes
Allow Portal Options to be copied from one school to another.
Add an option to be able to copy Portal options from one school to another. This includes settings for Data Confirmation.139 votesstarted ·
AdminCamden Iliff (Admin, Aeries Software) responded
This idea has been scheduled for development and completion by the end of the 2020-2021 school year.
Sort Flex Periods
Add Sort to the Headers on the Flex Period table for ease of use.14 votes
Student Programs report: add FOF (504) and GTE (GATE) to the report
The Student Programs report only includes PGM records. If the FOF (504) and GTE (GATE) and any other non-PGM records for student programs were included, it would improve the usefulness and completeness of the report.5 votes
Create ability to upload for staff Documents
Is there a place in Aeries that we could upload documents for staff?
We want to upload their vaccination verification5 votes0 comments · Staff · Admin →
Import Immunizations from the California Immunization Registry CAIR2
Work on Integration between AERIES and California Immunization Registry so that immunizations like COVID-19 import.3 votes0 comments · Medical · Admin →
At Risk Indicators - Allow Future Dates
At Risk Indicators - Allow a future date to be added when set manually5 votes
Add Filter to Classes Page for Flex Periods
Add a filter to the Classes page for Flex Periods. If there's 10+ Flex Periods, the filter is needed for managing the Classes page when scheduling a student.13
Staff - COVID Tracking with a Date option
would like to see an option where we could add the shot and date for better tracking purposes. Currently, we could add the date in the comment area.2 votes
Flex Attendance - Highlight Current Day
It is easy to lose the current day in the new horizontal att calendar when scrolling. It is still highlighted in Elem w/MST and secondary school types but not Flex.3 votes
Add option to print Legal or Preferred Name on work permits
Add option to print Legal or Preferred Name on work permits4 votes
Add Color Coding to Class Calendar table
Similar to the ABS table, add color coding feature so that multiple calendars and mulitple years can easily be identified.14 votes
Mobile App - Change the message that parents and students get when selecting Grades icon prior to Gradebooks being created
When a parent or student chooses the "Grades" icon on the Mobile App, prior to Gradebooks being created at the school, they get a message "Your school has not yet enabled access to this information". Can this message be modified to say "Your school has not yet enabled access to this information, or no gradebooks exist at this time", to help parents and school sites better understand the issue?4 votes
Electronic signature for Parent Data Confirmation
We would like to request an option for an e-signature during the Parent Data Confirmation, for the Emergency Card and Documents. Currently they require a "wet signature" on those forms, but due to the COVID-19 virus, they are hoping to have an option for an e-signature.143 votes
Independent Study Agreements - Status
Would like to have a status added of: Voluntarily Withdrawal.3 votes
Allow Contacts to be Defined at the Family Level
If parent/guardian is updated on sibling, parent/guardian gets updated on all siblings.
Use case: Staff at school site only have access to update contacts at their school site. A contact (ie. Parent/Guardian) is on a sibling record at another school site and we would like to keep the data (f.name, f.name, email, address, all phone #'s) sync'd.31 votes
- 5 votes
Online Enrollment - Add Covid to Vaccine Type on Immunization page
Online Enrollment - Add Covid as an option on the Immunizations Information page Vaccine Type dropdown2
- Don't see your idea?Life In Slow Motion
Can hanging upside down from a branch, hardly moving for up to 18 hours a day, help an animal survive? In the case of a three-toed sloth – yes !
Sloths
This strange and appealing animal, one of the most common larger mammals in New World rainforests, has a lifestyle that is unusual but that suits it perfectly for life in the canopy. It’s way of surviving is based on using as little energy as possible. That means it doesn’t need to eat as much, and it can live on leaves, which are not very nutritious.
Sloths spend mos of their time upside-down, hanging from branches by their three-inch-long claws. They even sleep and have babies in this position. Sloths eat the leaves of around fifteen to thirty different kinds of trees. But they spend most of their time in the branes of a few favorites.
Leaves are hard to digest, so sloths have special large stomachs. Their digestion takes place at the same pace as the rest of their lives – very slowly. Food can take up to a month to pass through a sloth’s digestive system.
This is a long time, and leaves don’t supply much energy. So sloths live in ways that use up as little energy as possible. Moving little and slowly is one way to save energy. They also burn their food at a very slow rate. And they don’t keep their body temperatures as constant as most other mammals (to do so takes a lot of enery). Sloths use their surrounding to adjust their body temperatures.
Because of this, a sloth that needs to warm up after a chilly night must climb to a patch of sunlight in the upper canopy.
This warms it up, but also puts it in danger. Out in the open, a sloth has no protection. If a hungry eagle spots it, it cannot run.
three-toed sloth
The rest of the time though, down in its usual spots among the leaves, the sloth is pretty safe. It has tiny plants growing in the grooves of its hair. These plants make its hair look greenish. This color, and its very slow movements, make the sloth very hard to spot among the leaves. It tends to look more like a bunch of epiphytes than like an animal.
And in fact, for many insects, a sloth is home. Over 900 beetles have been found on a single sloth…and other creatures like mites and other insects also live in its fur.
A few years ago, scientists at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama found that on of these insects, a kind of moth, not only lives on the sloth but depends on it to feed its developing young. Here is how it happens.
About once every two weeks, a three-toed sloth makes a very, very slow trip all the way down to the ground. Here it digs a hole and deposits its droppings in the hole.
At this point the moths that livein the sloth’s fur fly out and lay their eggs in the droppings. The droppings will be food for the moth’s developing offspring.Δ
Photos Courtesy of Lars Jensen.Additional photos courtesy of Ann Arbor Area Convention and Visitors Bureau© 2021 Hamilton, London, & Davis,.How To Pay Taxes On Casino Winnings
Though they spend much time on training, it is really hard for them go stand on the groups of football. are the most essential phases of the require to run the nation in the world of soccer in the league. Field or soccer area is a extremely critical component of the game. Gamers apply on a every day basis of our irregular and patchy and muddy fields, and then suddenly 1 working day you take them to korean casino will play the sport hard, green, thick grass, and nicely sprinkled on the floor. The players consider time to modify to the situation and return home with a defeat of the evaluate. Beside, the mentor also plays an important function in the game. With out them, the gamers expertise is hard to find.
When playing casino online poker it is extremely important for you to become a great participant your self and learn how to spot other good players. When you are able to place a good participant, you are going to get an edge more than him/her. There are numerous different signs that help you figure out if a participant is great at his game or not. You can undertake these characteristics to improve your sport and abilities as well.
The significant advantage of T1 over DSL is its speed. DSL utilizes a korean casino site components situated at the cupboard known as an access multiplexer. This gadget is connected to the ISP and a number of households or buildings. Anytime someone desires to transmit information, the multiplexer does something with it so that it does not interfere with the other connections. In order to achieve this, bandwidth is restricted proportionally with the number of users. With T1, this is not a problem. You alone are using the wire which indicates that you have complete access to the one.54 Mbps bandwidth. The marketing trick used by DSL is that they say your pace can attain one.fifty four Mbps. It is true that it can attain that speed but only when no one else is connecting.
Now the Uruguayans will dry off and get established for the quarterfinals on Friday, towards both the Usa or Ghana. The Uruguay vs South Korea World Cup 2010 match broke the Uruguayans dominance, which would give hope to the Americans if they got to encounter them. Yet Suarez and the defense stay a major issue.
3D technology can be traced all the way back to the starting of photography. In 1844 David Brewster invented the Stereoscope. It was a new creation that could consider photographic images in 3D. Later on, Louis Jules Duboscq took that invention and improved on it. Louis took a picture of Queen Victoria using the enhanced technology and shown it at the Great Exhibition in 1851. This image grew to become extremely well known all through the globe. Steroscopic cameras began to capture on and grew to become fairly typical for individual use by World War II.
Fluctuation is a problem when doubling up because when you get over fifty % of the way there, a downward tilt drags you back down, you then climb once more to eighty % then you go back again down to 60 percent. Fluctuation is present in all gambling systems and in any system which goes following a one hundred % profit margin, then that fluctuation will be optimum.
Consider the languages available. If it’s difficult for you to understand English language, or English is not your main language you can verify out some other languages that are a lot comfy to you. You need to have a correct understanding with the guidelines so it is a lot much better that you understand the language they utilized extremely nicely.
Another attribute of a successful poker player is that he changes the speed of his game, even although it requires some time to make some decisions. A good player is usually considering about his subsequent move and adjusting the play. You can compare play Caesars Casino online poker with chess.
Table games are also accessible in some play Caesars Casino online. So if you love roulette games such as European or American roulette you can search for it and play online. Table games can also be baccarat, crimson dog, craps and many much more!
To numerous Indians, it is really thrilling news that they have their 1 soccer group. These days, whilst many people are nonetheless hurt for any reduction that India suffers from cricket, a populace of younger Indians of blood in assistance of the soccer groups all through Europe. So to say that soccer is much less popular than cricket in India among the youth are over-reporting. If you are going to invite somebody to perform football game with you, they should need a wet day.
Can’t get the time off this year to go to Las Vegas? The internet has the solution like usually. Online casinos are on the increase. With the advancement of technologies, worrying about certain securities is a factor of the past. Most casinos online will allow you deposit and make payments securely.
In purchase to be taken critically, you have to see the world through the Financial and Monetary Lens. Keep in mind: Finance is the King anyplace on earth and the most important participant on board. People who don’t comprehend Economics/Finance are individuals who don’t comprehend how the world and their companies work. And of course, you don’t want to be component of this category! As a credible HR Professional, your goal is to be noticed as an effective Company Companion. This means being capable of speaking numbers and economic climate confidently with your bosses and anyone else.Afercoin AFR erc20 smart contract token with huge profit opportunity. Yatırımınıza refah getirin.Find out more
- Decentralized
- Supply Chain
- Anonymity
After months of research and 2 years of hard work we finally succeed to built a perfect decentralized financing model to supply continuous liquidity to crypto markets without clogs with 100% transparency and anonymity.find out more
- Contract
- Supply
- Production
Afercoin AFR is a erc20 smart contract token for contribution of funds via ICO. Afercoin AFR token supply limit is capped by 1000000000AFR (1 billion AFR). Unlike other tokens and projects Afercoin is a productive token and project.find out more
- Price
- Profit
- Wealth
ICO funds will be invested in cryptos and other business. Profit from investment will be use for price maintainance and also some % of profit will be shared to AFR holders. Afercoin project is a wealth buildup project which will benefit all it's users.find out more
- Safety
- Security
- Prosperity
Systematic investments of raised funds, Safe wallets and erc20 smart contract token for the safety of users funds. Security of users/investors funds with our highly secure platform. Since this is a wealth buildup project constant growth and prosperity will be seen in your investment.find out more
Roadmap
Phase I
Q2 2019
Initial Token Launch, Initial Coin Offering (ICO).
Phase II
Q3 2019
End Of ICO, Exchange Listings, Profit Sharing To Investors.
Phase III
Q4 2019
Upgraded Platform, More Exchanges.
Phase IV
Q1 2020
Android, IOS Platorm.
Whitepaper
TWITTER FEEDS
Send us your feedback via twitter and it will be published here.
TWITTER FEEDS
Please leave your feedback about our project, concept etc.
TWITTER FEEDSKrav Maga – Frankston
Krav Maga is the hand to hand combat taught to the Israeli Army. It is very easy to learn and consists of simple and intuitive movements that are designed to disable an opponent as quickly as possible. If you attend and come prepared with a can do attitude we can teach you how to defend yourself from a variety of situations within a very short period of time (typically 1.5 to 2 months).
Krav Maga is focused on real world situations. It was derived from street fighting techniques, wrestling, boxing, kickboxing, judo and jiu-jitsu. By reviewing Billy Manne’s resume one can easily deduce that Krav Maga comes naturally to someone who has high level experience in all these martial arts.
Billy Manne offers something that many other trainers do not. And that is years of real world street fighting experience. Literally hundreds of street fights, as during the 70’s, 80’s, and 90’s Billy and his team were employed to clean up gangs who were threatening night clubs and residents. Of course today this no longer continues but there are not too many styles that Billy has never faced in real world situations. And he knows all about the psychology of the fight – when to start – how to disguise your intention or properly work an Adrenalin dump, the actual fight and proper execution of the ending.
Core Principles
Boost Your Self Confidence
Having the physical capability to defend yourself is clearly reflected in your body language and personality. You are less likely to become a target when your body language is confident – you also become more capable of identifying trouble.
Build Strength & Flexibility
If you are training for health reasons, why not learn something that could one day save your life? Krav Maga will make you strong – both mentally and physically.
Release Stress
Today’s lifestyle is stressful. Many hours in front of computers, often long periods of inactivity. Quite simply our bodies were designed to move and Krav Maga will provide you with a healthy physical and mental stress relief.
Learn To Defend Yourself
Learn to recognize dangerous situations – how to prepare yourself mentally and how to actually fight. Billy does not run a pretend dojo – you will become the best fighter you are prepared to be and you will be battle tested. Real world confrontations are rehearsed and drilled.
Billy Manne teaches Krav Maga for people living on the Mornington Peninsula including Frankston , Somerville, Seaford, Langwarrin, Carrum, Chelsea Heights, Frankston South, Langwarrin South, Bonbeach, Karingal, Patterson Lakes, and Mount Eliza suburbs.
More information on Krav Maga can be found here Krav Maga Frankston at Billy Manne Martial Arts
Hi
Just after some info on classes for self defence times and cost I live in Skye. Thanks jenny
Hi Jenny ,
Thank you for your enquiry. Class times 6 pm Tuesdays and Thursdays and 12.30 Saturdays. The first four classes are $14each and then after that there a number of payments options. Please feel free to call me 0434266527.
Simone
Hi. I was wondering what experience your Krav Maga teacher/s have? And also how long do the classes go for and how many students per class? Thanks.
Hi just wondering what do u charge as a casual for each class. I do shift work so cannot always make classes.Erotic Cheating Husband Story
They may feature cheating husbands or boyfriends, cheating girlfriends or housewives. Cheating wife cucks husband with bbc music picscaptions. Samantha always turned me on with her sandy blond hair and curvy thighs.
Free erotica and sex stories and slut wife party sex. At a time when china is seen as trying to align itself more closely with south-east asian nations, the us is making its own overtures.
Free cheating sex stories archive. We are working hard to be the best grey pussy hair pics site on the web.
There was she, her husband and her teenage son. View beautiful milf pics and every kind of beautiful milf sex you could want - and it will always be free. I met the man who would become my husband in my third year of college.
She knows how fuck - porn gallery images pornorc. John wrights having an affair with my brothers wife and getting her pregnant.Witherbark Village is a village, around a small lake in the southeast area of the Arathi Highlands, of trolls belonging to the Witherbark tribe. Behind the village is a large cavern, where the leaders of the tribe are often found.
The Witherbark trolls have made a loose alliance with the nearby Boulderfist clan of ogres against the forces of Stromgarde and Hammerfall. The ogre and troll forces have even secured and are currently in control of a section of Stromgarde itself.
By the time of the Battle for Stromgarde, the Witherbark trolls still remained active in this area and were the target of the Alliance and the Horde who wished to see them disappear.[1] Among them, Nimar the Slayer was a priority target for his dangerousness,[2] taking many fighters with him in death.[3]
The village before Battle for Azeroth.
Mobs
- Nimar the Slayer
- Witherbark Axe Thrower
- Witherbark Fisher
- Witherbark Headhunter
- Witherbark Witch Doctor
- Cave
Digsite
This digsite is a troll archaeology dig site.
Gallery
-
-
A path before Battle for Azeroth.
A cave before Battle for Azeroth.
Patch changes
- Patch 8.0.1 (2018-07-17): Updated.
References
- ^ [50] Wiping Out the Witherbark
- ^ [50RWQ] Nimar the Slayer
- ^ World of Warcraft: Exploring Azeroth: The Eastern Kingdoms, pg. 66Landa SLX10-25324E GX660 Honda Pressure Washer
$22,583.00
Availability: In stock
SKU
LEQ11105250. Especially suited for harsh conditions and fleet cleaningFacts about knights , pages and squires. By Chloe
Monday 17th June | 3 comments
Knights had to be a page then a squire then a knight. When knights were jousting the went up to 6o mph on their hoses. Knights had several horses and different activities. Knights go to special tournaments where they fight and joust on a horse. When a king or lord taps someone on their shoulder they become a knight. it takes 21 years to become a knight. A squire looks after a knight and makes sure the knight is safe. You can be a page at the seven. Pages serve the food to the king, queen and lords. Pages sleep on the floor next to the knight that they train. Before knights joust someone measures the lances to make sure they are all same length. When a knight falls of a horse when he is fighting his squire comes and helps him to get back to the castle where it’s safe. Girls and boys can be a knight. When knight go to the toilet they don’t use toilet paper because it wasn’t invented so they used leaves to wipe their bottom. A knight is a professional soldier who fights people who try to attack their castle. A squire looked after the knights weapons and made sure they were safe. When a page trains to be knight they get piggybacks of their friends instead of riding on a horse. If a knight loved a lady he wrote poems for her and performed them for her. Knights wore shiny armour. At first a knight fights with a wooden sword and shield. Knights were used to protect the castle and fight other army’s . A boy who wanted to be a knight was taught to behave properly from an early age. Each knight has a special helmet and each knights helmet was a different size.
Well done Chloe. You have tried your best.
Look forward to reading about your favourite bits from your visit to Skipton Castle. My memory of the castle from when I was a girl was the toilet and they called it the long drop.
If your family wants to learn more about castles and knights they can visit Knaresborough Castle on Sunday 30th June where they can see knights, battle enactments and birds of prey for free.
Wow Chloe, I think not only are you like a walking encyclopaedia about Nocturnal Animals, but also now about Knights. I also thought your model of a castle was amazing. We must photograph it and put it on the blog. I hope you are looking forward to your trip – I think you will impress the adults at the castle with your knowledge! See you in the morning ready for an exciting day out! From Mrs Fisher. 🙂True Faith and the Invisible World
Author
Maurice
Date
2021-11-20 13:45
Views
71
We have a limit of time and space. it means that we are living in a three-dimension world. How can we understand over a three-dimension world?
and we have also a limit of five senses such as eyes, ears, and nose.
How can we convince what we listened, saw, and smelled?
That's why God said that my thoughts are higher than our thoughts.
We must believe in the Bible which is God's words.
and we have also a limit of five senses such as eyes, ears, and nose.
How can we convince what we listened, saw, and smelled?
That's why God said that my thoughts are higher than our thoughts.
We must believe in the Bible which is God's words.
Total 6
There are so many more worlds that people do not see and do not realize. While fully realizing and believing in God Elohim, who created the visible and invisible worlds through the Bible, let us become wise people who do not forget to give thanks in any circumstances and prepare for the eternal heaven of the world to come with firm faith.
Who is able to enter the everlasting world, where there's no more death but eternal happiness? In this age, you have to follow Christ Ahnsahnghong and God the Mother as long as you want to be saved. Of course, I do not mean the knowledge of Elohim God. Because even slanders also know Elohim God. We have to possess firm belief on Them. The firm belief on Elohim God will help us to do our best for the invisible world. When we are humble before God's words in the Bible, we'll be led to God's kingdom.
Amen. God recorded his thoughts in the Bible. Unless we believe the Bible, we get to ignore them, in the result, we will not be saved. Let's listen to God through the Bible and obey God's will.
True, there are so many things that humans' naked eyes cannot see, however we believe their existence. Even though we cannot see them, we can prove their existence in some ways. It is same as our God. Even though we cannot see our God, however God surely exists since we can find many evidences to prove that fact. Furthermore, faith is starting from believing what we cannot see. If you believe God's existence, you will see amazing evidences, which God left for God's people.
We have no way to reach eternal life by ourselves. But we can find the way to eternal life to get to the heaven through God's teachings in the bible. Let's see God in zion through our spiritual eyes and ears God has granted by the blood.
Yes, we live in a limited world. Our home Heaven is an unlimited world, but we cast down to this limited world because of our sins. Heaven is a world beyond three-dimension that we who are living in this limited world cannot imagine. That's why we have to follow God's words to enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Let's follow God's words until the end.Discover.Our community is operating as normal. Please call or stop by for a tour. Our community is operating as normal. Please call or stop by for a tour.Showing 1 to 1 out of 1 results
- TextEEBO-TCP (Phase 1.Date of publication:
1544Description:Signatures: A-C [D]² . Place of publication and printer's name from colophon. A translation of: De dormientibus nolo vos ignorare fratres. Some pages slightly stained. Reproduction of the original in the British Library.This item contains 4 files (561.16 KB).Publicly AvailableThales IoT Developer Community
STAR WARS ASCIIMATION style demo - EHSx, ELS61x, PLS62x (STARWARS)
Showcase, November 15, 2017 - 6:15pm, 3451 views
This project is a port of the facinating STAR WARS ASCIIMATION demo.
Original Work: Simon Jansen ( )
Telnetification: Sten Spans ( )
Terminal Tricks: Mike Edwards (email address redacted)
The hard work was done by the guys above; I just ported it to the Cinterion EHS6 concept board.
The demo should be viewed on the module's Java Stdout port in a terminal window 80x24 characters. It appears more "movie-like" when viewed on the Teraterm terminal emulator, rather than on ZOC (which seems to "flicker" too much).
The Concept Board Button-A acts as a Fast Forward Button, skipping through the movie.
May The Force Be With You!!!
Somewhere over the rainbow!!! Looking for the Oz Land!!!
Looks like you have to much time ;)
Nice work my friend =)hse-databases.co.ukhse-databases.co.uk
This week, all across America small town papers will be publishing news like this from the Benton Daily Record in Arkansas. During the first month and an half of 2005, they made 35 arrests for marijuana possession and 4 arrests for meth.
"Marijuana has been, and will continue to be, a very popular drug for every age group," Cpl. Kelley Cradduck of the Rogers Police Department said Wednesday. "Marijuana, in many respects, is a first love for many of these dopers. I still believe that the way some groups portray it, (marijuana) is still not viewed as it should be - as a dangerous drug."
A dangerous drug he says. It's a plant, a medicinal herb used for centuries in folk medicine and current scientific research around the world is reproving its medicinal value. That aside, most cannabis consumers are not violent criminals - they're responsible citizens. When it's associated with a crime, there are always multiple drugs involved, oftentimes alcohol.
But the police have good reason to go for these little busts. They are under pressure to submit statistics to some central authority and all those easy arrests are needed to justify their budget. But while they are processing the paperwork on non-violent possession of a plant - a drunk driver is getting away. Some petty thief is breaking into a car or your apartment while you're in town for dinner. In the nearest big city to where I live, people get shot every day and murdered about once a week. They make a lot of possession busts around here as well.
They can't be everywhere at once and municipal budgets are shrinking - not growing. Isn't it time to review our priorities on what constitutes crime?
In Benton County there will be 35 non-violent marijuana cases clogging the law enforcement system. The police won't be able to investigate your break-in while they're in court testifying and they will have that much less time to investigate violent crimes.
This is the money quote from Benton County:
Cradduck agreed with Allen's assessment. "I think meth is more prevalent than those numbers are telling, but it is harder to catch," Cradduck said.
Exactly, but it presents more of a concern to the community. It's not going to get any easier to solve if they keep spending billions of your tax dollars on taking penny-ante marijuana possession cases through the court system.Article writing providers are typically tailored produced. It’s quite easy to find large grades today, you only have to discover a fantastic essay writing service. After, the exact same will be right of documents theywill need to compose. The pupil must vigilantly decide a custom essay writing business that’s qualified authors with the goal to obtain article from. Custom essay to purchase online should have various sources of information like posts, publications and magazines that will help Spanish documents authors to accumulate info and details to utilize in custom article writing. We consider to offer you the top pre- written essays since your fulfillment is actually our last wages. These are fairly different options to composing options or essay rushessays writing options, whereby duplicate is composed from scratch. These are All mandatory to help it become simpler for the company to gather a customized composition determined by their needs. The more fire you’ve got for a creating topic, the simpler it will actually be to communicate that feeling to your own audience and make a excellent descriptive essay.
Eventually, they should have the opportunity to supply private proctor feedback throughout the year.
They simply need to start with essay writing with opening of bringing in main research. Composing skills also provide business. Writing type is among the principal aspects written down. Despite the fact that descriptive documents are relatively more open to imagination, you may be surprised to realize that it demands lots of business to be able to appeal to its audience therefore it is crucial you take some time to do this to guarantee quality function. The skilled authors must also possess the skills in addition to experience with Spanish language and customs. Cause and effect another major facet to several kinds of writing. Only holding pencil and copy isn’t acceptable to receive began creating dissertation.
Ways for When Nervousness Hits just how to Settle Down
Alternatively, we start operating on this particular issue from scratch and offer the pupil a brand new duty. Should youn’t have a unique assignment provided that you aid restrict your matter, this is sometimes relatively of the task. Compose 3 reasons you’d offer that reply. Create a reply to that query. Whether this digital book will probably be fictional or full of real-world info this novel will represent you and additionally your head, hence it’s vital to ensure that you simply select the correct author. Here is yet another example of complimentary article on Economics, it might assist you with your essay writing. For instance if I’m creating a paragraph about’ Style’. The start action in writing a descriptive essay is really to pick your issue.
Free Teacher Certificates Plus strategies for Creating Your Own Personal
That is not what this write up is about. Make an effort to get the manager which many matches what sort of post you’re writing. Review the thoughts within the sentence. Now you’ve determined how many paragraphs are likely to be in your composition, create because several factors to speak about, as your personal sentences are. For an usual 5 paragraph essay, you are going to require a minimum of three motives, or elements to your own reply. This could make the fundamental bones and outline of your own essay. It doesn’t must be in the state composition type or ideal phrases. Additionally, It offers the potential guidance of whatever is included within the essay.
There is a dissertation proposal not a mini -dissertation.
That is executed with the aim of generating the documents free of grammar blunders in addition to punctuation problems. The greatest he can perform is to acquire an excellent research guide.Variables in Ball Mill Operation Paul O. Abbe
In ball milling of dry solids the main independent variables are mill diameter Consider one cubic foot of 1” spherical media. a 12” jar mil then good result will certainly be obtained with a 72” diameter mill. This design allows the vertical loading and unloading of jars without having to lift a heavy jar on and off rollers.
Get Price
Chemical Processing Grinding Media Tips CoorsTek ...
Microelectronics Overview · Custom Electronic Components · Thick-Film Electronic Grinding Media Ball Mill Chambers With its sliding mortar-and-pestle action the Natural Shape is best when there is little requirement for primary size reduction. However 100% critical mill speed = 76.63 / D where D is mill ID in feet.
Get Price
DCD Heavy Engineering - Mining Technology Mining News ...
DCD Heavy Engineering or HE is a leading mechanical manufacturing business in Africa with HE's world-best-practices policy with regard to manufacturing project The company manufactures a range of winder drums sag and ball mills A self-leveling machine with a capacity to machine to 44 feet in diameter with...
Get Price
Ball Mills - 911 Metallurgist
Dec 23
Search Results - ISCAR Cutting Tools - Metal Working Tools
Single-Sided 7 Negative Side Flank 80 Rhombic Inserts for Heavy Turning of HSS Gun Point Machine Taps According to DIN 13 for ISO Metric Coarse Threads on Steel with Good Machinability Ball Nose Multifunction Milling Heads with TS Threaded Adaptation SM-FT End Units for Modular Extended Flute Cutters...
Get Price
Heavy Machinery Ht Trencher Hp - YSJ
HT220 Heavy Duty Trencher The 220-hp HT220 is the heavy-duty track trencher Aztec RT160 trencher 106 hours of use good condition with all manuals. Sep 9 2006 Fadal4020D HT CNC Mill $25000 Covington pic hide this posting floor 301cc Hitch type 1-7/8 in. ball couplerHorsepower hp 9 Product Height 5-1/2 ft.
Get Price
gravel crusher heavy
Gravel Cone Crusher Heavy - Alejandro FB05 Most Professional Gravel Quarry per square foot for the gravel delivery and spreading A 4×20 gravel walkway costs Heavy Gravel Crusher grinding mill equipmentKunming Heavy gravel crusher 2020 high quality Gravel Impact Crusher products in best price from certified...
Get Price
Glossary of Mining Terms - SEC.gov
Assay foot metre inch centimetre - The assay value multiplied by the The ball mill is rotated causing the balls to cascade and grind the ore. Day order - An order to buy or sell shares good only on the day the order was entered. is separated from gangue minerals by applying a strong magnetic field; ores of iron are...
Get Price
The magic of bolting for a grinding mill assembly - Metso Outotec
17 Mar 2020 Here's what makes bolting magical and your grinding mill assembly quick and easy. Trust those who know the equipment best to ensure that your A 22-foot ball mill being assembled with bolts. At assembly each part whether it is big or small must come together perfectly so that the mill can perform...
Get Price
Heavy Duty Hydraulic Cylinders Catalog by Parker
Mill Type Construction Series 2H Heavy Duty Hydraulic Cylinders. 1. Series 3H Heavy Duty The following checklist should used to select the best possible cylinder for a given appli ion. Additional ØF. E. 10.00-14.00 only . FU. EJ. 16.00-. 20.00 only . JR. R. FT. M. WF. Bore. Ø. Rod Ball cushion check valve. 72.
Get Price
Curved Treadmills: Pros and Cons That You Should Know
During the downstroke backwards the foot and weight of the body literally The key to a good curved treadmill is the ball bearings or ability to reduce a treadmill needs to see the big picture and ask themselves what they expect to On these curved mills foot placement is out in front to pull the tread down and under you.
Get Price
Fundamentals of CNC Machining - Titans of CNC Academy
parts and materials and by presenting best practices for prototype machining learning CNC machines can move over one foot in less than a second. Do not lift objects heavier than can be easily manage without the aid of a Milling tools include flat ball bull nose and chamfer. Ball nose mills are used for 3D milling.
Get Price
Ascot Places Order for the SAG and Ball Mills Toronto Stock ...
15 Oct 2020 Image of the SAG and ball mills superimposed on the LiDAR survey of the plant Farnell-Thompson is an industry leader in heavy machinery The order comprises a 22-foot diameter by 8-foot effective grinding length egl ...
Get Price
AsphaltPro Magazine How to Mill for Profit
BY John Ball Let's look at ways to avoid big milling project mistakes through better project management. a two-footer and work it directly across the lane to get the square butt joint you need for good paving afterward. You'll perform this perpendicular cut with the two-foot mill at the beginning and end of the milling pass.
Get Price
Montana DEQ > Land > abandonedmines > linkdocs > 13tech
In 1888 the Storm Mining Company sank a 90-foot shaft on the Mono vein and Fraction Navajo Good Enough Park Red Sky Hamburg Washington Guy Last The line for the Montana Southern Railroad was run up the Big Hole River a 2500 cubic-foot air compressor two crushers two ball-mills four classifiers...
Get Price
Rod mills how they function
How Rod Mills Work. Rod mills are very similar to ball mills except they use long rods for grinding media. The rod charge must be maintained in good working condition and broken and Maximum rod length is limited to about 6.1 m 20 ft . The heavier rods acting upon the lifters and liners result in greater wear on...
Get Price
Ball Mill High Resolution Stock Photography and Images ...
Ball mill for grinding larger rocks of copper ore Erdenet Mining Corporation EMC Erdenet Ball Mill Landing part of the Big Thunder Mountain Ride at Disneyland Paris as viewed Once an “acid ball”a reminant of a local pulp mill this 32 foot diameter ball is now THE BILLINGS HAND VISE The Best Vise for Linemen.
Get Price
making your own porcelain ball mill jars - Studio Operations ...
18 Mar 2013 Commercially made ball milling jar seem ridiculously expensive so I am thinking about making my own. How big a charge do you want to mill in 1 cycle? It sounds like I have some really good options for making cheap ball milling jars. Take the blue feet off of my Giffen grip and throw a cylinder a little...
Get Price
Heavy Duty Ball Mill at Best Price in Visakhapatnam Andhra ...
12 May 2018 Heavy Duty Ball Mill offered by Kandi Minerals Pvt. Ltd. is available with Buy Grinding and Milling Machinery in bulk from us for the best quality products and 44-38-12/16/2/3 80 Feet Road Srinivasa Nagar Visakhapatnam...
Get Price
Metal Bulletin Glossary
Ball mill: A rotating cylinder loaded with balls of iron or other material used to fine-grind ore in Bar-in-coil: For convenience light steel bars up to 10 mm or a little heavier determines the load bearing capacity forming a stable 'foot' and a narrow top Best orders: Orders to buy or sell which the LME Ring-dealing broker...
Get Price
Ball mill high vibs AMP Maintenance Forums
9 Sep 2017 Hi Observing high vibs on pressing and lifting pinion DE and NDE bearing on a ball mill. getting common factors 2 X 3 X 5 which is not good and with no hunting. If the difference of temperature between left and right is big like 25F it I have seen these bearings probably up to 3 to 4 feet in diameter.
Get Price
Liners for the Grinders E and MJ
The introduction of rotating ball tube and rod mills into mineral processing in the late and good wear life and is still the dominant material of construction for SAG mill liners. Indeed while that remains true in the majority of situations—“big balls kill “Now rubber liners are being used in SAG and AG mills up to 32 feet in...
Get Price
Milling formulas and definitions - Coromant
Here you find a collection of good to have milling formulas and definitions that are used Cutting speed v c m/min Cutting speed v c ft/min using round insert cutters ball nose end mills and all cutters with larger corner radii The macro geometry is developed for work under light medium or heavy conditions.
Get Price
Ball Mills - 911 Metallurgist
23 Dec
Large CNC Lathes - Heavy Duty Hurco CNC
CNC Lathe - Hurco TM18i Heavy Duty Large CNC Lathes for Heavy Duty Cycles TM Series Heavy Duty Lathes Spindle - Lo: 600 rpm 1781 ft-lbs 217 Drive; Up to 10000 Block Lookahead with UltiMotion only applicable to mills All in all the Hurco was the best bang for the buck and has the least amount of...
Get Price
Related Posts:
- crusher manufacturers in vietnam
- green tea powder grinding machine
- abstract jaw crusher
- epc service thickener for mineral dressing best
- belt conveyor for gold batching system
- german technical cone mill machine
- high quality portable gold machinery
- different types of stone crusher equipment
- crusher seal profile
- crusher market sie in india
- efficient mine shaker charts
- 7foot china cone crusher for sale
Random Posts:
- automatic nut flakes machine india
- conveyor control source
- chinese mobile crusher shanhai
- 323mm small screw conveyor
- folder mill inbox
- belt conveyor screeners
- filter thickener quarry in panjab
- indonesian silver mine mineral processing type
- copper ore processing industry in the philippines
- coal deposits near quetta
Related Posts:
- finlay cone crusher sudan
- disk filter crusher parts suppliers jhansi
- high quality sand production jaw crusher
- gold mine in south afica
- crushing machine companies in kenya
- high pressure suspension raymond grinding ball mill machine
- how does a blake jaw crusher work
- counterattack crusher stone works
- cement brick making in rajasthan
- 36 55 superior primary crusher hydroset system
- cost rock crushercost rock crusher gold
- design of aluminium can crusher machine
Random Posts:
- current mining surveyor in tanzania
- crushed stone dust fine aggregate brazil
- how to get gold from computer parts
- artificial spherical sand
- ton per hour gold plant
- copper copper ore processing plants in us
- horiontal impact crusher
- golden star garments wash machine
- frosted nestle kelloggs corn flakes machine
- china factory crushing ratio pe crusher
- ash separator filter
- coarse grinding stones
- how to make gold ore from gold- The Need for Ajax
- Introducing Ajax
- The Constituent Parts of Ajax
- Putting It All Together
- Summary.
In following chapters you will learn what objects are, see how an instance of this object can be created, and see how its properties and methods can be used by JavaScript routines included in the web page to establish asynchronous communications with the requests.
You will see various examples in later chapters.<div dir="ltr"><div>No guarantees about the formatting....</div><div><br></div>Why are CEOs failing software engineers? <br>Gene Bond @GeneTBond bio<br>2020/06/17<br> <br>The one thing that’s drilled into your head as a business major and leader is, “here is how you succeed.” Accordingly, you are taught best practices – things you do to optimize success. As you would expect, you are taught about past successful companies, “here’s how they succeeded.” They teach you about great business leaders, people who have succeeded. You are taught how to do business planning in order to optimize your chances of success, and they teach you how to finance your attempt at success. In effect, signing up to be a business or finance major is an act of self-determined success, and the entire system is a culture that naturally values, and in effect worships, success.<br><br> <br><br>Here is the rub: new value is a function of failure, not success; and, much of software engineering is about discovering new value. So, in effect, nearly everything you are taught as a business major or leader is seemingly incompatible with software engineering. Allow me the time to explain how this is so, why it matters, and what we should do about this situation. I promise you, in its entirety, the following is something you’ve never heard before, and the ramifications of ignoring the advice herein most assuredly leads to unhappy software engineers. As an industry, we've been perpetrating the same management mistakes on developers for several decades now. It's either time to fix this problem or be disrupted by those that already have. <br><br>The shortest of management histories as to how we got here, in 3 parts<br>Traditional management often fails software engineers for honest reasons that have to do with the essence and root purpose for the existence of management, and certain gaps which are yet to be filled by management theory, educational systems, and practices. To understand these gaps which manifest as systemic failure that negatively impact software engineers and other creative types, we must first understand the problems that our current management systems were created to solve.<br><br> <br><br>There are three dominant forms of management, two are well known, but the third is barely known or understood at all, and all three are critical to the realization of value. In historical order by which they were discovered is Financial Management, Business Management, and Creative Management. The next three sections are a short summary of the three dominant management systems, the problems they overcome, and the type of value for which they were invented to govern. To best understand why CEOs are failing software engineers, the essence and properties of these three forms of management must be clearly understood.<br><br> <br><br>Part 1, Financial Management (aka. Liquidation Management to govern Liquid Value)<br>The problem being solved in 1602 was the vast need for cash to build more ships. Namely, how was The Dutch East India mercantile company going to fund the effort to meet the high growth and high demand for Asian silks, spices, coffee, tea and wine. The answer came in the form of modern capitalism, granting shares in the enterprise to the public in exchange for cash to build more ships and hire more crew. It worked beautifully, the funds began to flow in from the newly formed public market, and the Dutch East India Company quickly became a powerhouse in global trade.<br><br> <br><br>This was the nexus moment of the birthing of the financial industry and financial management. But our take-away from this historic moment is as follows: think of public markets as a management system for transmuting value; ergo, financial management was formed in order to optimize the transformation of one form of value (coin/gold/cash) into another form of value (tangible and intangible assets: ships, companies, recipes and patents) that have a higher return or fulfill a deeper purpose, and when desired, to liquidate said investments back in to cash to invest in the next highly valued venture. The purpose of Financial Management is to manage liquidity, and its practices are to conserve, develop and exploit cash, usually in the form of investments or loans. Therefore, this type of management is better thought of as Liquidation Management as it primarily manages the liquid form of value that we typically refer to as cash.<br><br> <br><br>Liquidation management is naturally return-on-investment (ROI) oriented. So, the most natural way to motivate effectiveness in this type of work is to give financial team members a small stake in any higher than expected returns achieved, and a small piece of cash efficiencies achieved. This is usually done by establishing reasonable financial targets with corresponding bonuses.<br><br> <br><br>Part 2, Business Management (aka. Replication Management to govern Replicated Value)<br>In the 1890s, as a result of the electrification of cities and an abundance of cheaply manufactured steel from pig iron, the world was in the midst of the second industrial revolution. Rapid growth was being fueled by sprawling railways, a swiftly expanding electrical grid, and an abundance of factories powered by an array of newly created, electrically powered equipment.<br><br> <br><br>The over-arching problem being solved by Fredric Taylor and Henry Gantt was the absence of an effective and reliable system to manage industrial work, particularly manufacturing. The problem was three-fold:<br><br>Incentives were wrong – workers got paid a small flat fee for the day without respect to productivity, even when the equipment wasn’t working which was occasionally viewed as a feature by the crew<br>Work practices were wrong – each man did his job as he felt best without respect to the sustainability, effectiveness and needfulness of motion which often resulted in “slack,” down time when either the equipment or labors could not work<br>Management was clueless – management practices tended to be governed by friends of the elite who never learned to do the actual work, pushed what work they had downward, and managed badly from abstraction<br>The solution came in the form of Fredric Taylor’s “Scientific Management.” A system of management which leverages time and motion studies to establish sustainable, documented best practices for all workstations in the factory. Given established best practices that were timed by Taylor using a stopwatch, reasonable production quotas could then be enacted, which if achieved, as Gantt proposed, should result in bonuses for both management and workers. As a side benefit, factory output and time-to-delivery of an order could be calculated with a high degree of precision. Thus, given established times for known work practices, uniform materials and known recipes/designs, reliable master planning was now possible.<br><br> <br><br>The combination of establishing sustainable best practices that are easily trained (Taylor), and aligning incentives based on known, reasonable, production goals (Gantt) worked astoundingly well. Before and after results documented by Gantt in his book, “Work, Wages and Profits,” showed as much as a 300% improvement in factory productivity by using Taylor’s system of management.<br><br>As it turns out, adoption of a scalable management system which has actual improvements in results is a big deal.<br><br>The system worked so well, that Gantt was solicited by the military to help with ship and munitions production. The corresponding increase in ship production and factory output proved to be beneficial to the United States as it entered World War I, and arguably, subsequent improvements in production over the following 21 years were, in large part, responsible for winning World War II. As it turns out, adoption of a scalable management system which has actual improvements in results is a big deal.<br><br> <br><br>This was the nexus moment for modern business administration and the birthing of management science. But our takeaway from this historic moment is as follows: scientific management is a system that takes known recipes and practices and transmutes them into valuable (desired/needed) replicated goods; ergo, business management was formed to effectively replicate known value, and known recipes, using best practices, elimination of waste, and high-quality predictive planning.<br><br> <br><br>As replication work is naturally date driven according to expectations set with the customer during the sales process, the best way to motivate staff to do this repetitive, labor intensive work, is to provide them a bonus for achieving or surpassing reasonable production goals that were set to meet the demand, and to align management incentives to the production goals such that management is incentivized to help the staff achieve their time-boxed goals.<br><br>“Engineering management is largely taught as a specialized form of business management, whereby much of the same thinking used to optimize manufacturing, unfortunately, gets applied to creative pursuits such as software engineering and product design.”<br><br> <br><br>Part 3, Creative Management (aka. Creative Management to govern discovery of New Value)<br>As liquidation management (finance) emerged out of the need to fund new ventures, and replication management (business management) was formed out of the need to scale production of replicated value, similarly, creative management has naturally emerged out of the need to scale the discovery of new value.<br><br>What is Creative Management? Creative management is one of three dominant forms of value management. Its purpose is to establish a system of management that enables and motivates creative staff, such as software engineers, writers, designers and artists, to discover and realize new works of value. Creative management is also the lead system in new ventures and productions, having been established to optimize the discovery and realization of previously undiscovered value in the form of new works, new productions and new solutions.<br><br>However, we have not yet had a nexus moment for creative management, though elements of successful creative management systems are beginning to emerge as modeled and practiced in several recent tech companies. Traditionally, engineering management has been the concrete expression, or proxy, for creative management applied to technical endeavors. However, engineering management is largely taught and practiced as a specialized form of business management, whereby much of the same thinking used to optimize manufacturing, unfortunately, gets applied to creative pursuits such as software engineering and product design. This approach to engineering management is the natural extension to Taylorism; but applying replication management techniques to creative work is a systemic mistake that actually disadvantages companies that are developing software – this is because the skills, workflows and founding principles for discovering new value are almost entirely different from those needed to efficiently replicate value. Whereas replication management is focused on transmuting recipes and ingredients (discovered value) into replicated goods (replicated value) by a committed date, creative management is passionately attempting to discover new recipes, to meet unmet needs, through a series of value attempts, most of which fail. Therefore, the purpose of a creative management system is to find previously unknown recipes (unknown value) and transmute it into discovered value – new recipes and new ingredients.<br><br> <br><br>Since at present, we have no formalized understanding and teaching regarding the role of creative management, we must look to empowered creative leaders of dominant companies to understand the practices and policies that best fill the creative management void. It is these types of leaders that have the power to setup supporting management systems that best enable creative staff, such as software engineers, to do the work of discovering new value. In alignment with management systems theory which postulates that management most know how to do the work, virtually all of the leading technical companies that are creating new value and transforming the world are led by people who have professionally done the work of creating new things for several years. It’s also interesting to note that many of these leaders are software engineers. Though this is only correlation, not causation, it does strongly imply that the skill set needed to create new value (new recipes, new designs, and new solutions) is significantly different than the skill set needed to replicate or liquidate existing value.<br><br> <br><br>The problem being solved by empowered creative leaders, the true proxy for a creative management system, is how do you best motivate and enable your staff to rapidly discover new value? Their systemic solutions are too extensive to document here; but in brief, know that the systems these creative leaders have put in place proceed out of who they are as creative forces:<br><br>“Move fast and break things” – Zuckerberg<br>“Every day is day one” – Bezos<br>“If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.” – Page<br>“We do lots of Stuff. The only way you are going to have success is to have lots of failures first” – Brin<br>“When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.” – Musk<br>“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.” – Gates<br>In summary, though system embodiments vary, the above quoted creative leaders share the following creative system principles:<br><br>You learn by failing, and new value comes from a critical mass of new learning<br>So, fail often, fail quickly, but fail smartly (failure without learning is waste)<br>Build platforms, practices and cultures that help people discover value<br>Relentlessly discover new value, even when the odds are against it<br>Empower your creative staff to transform the world by solving meaningful problems<br>Practically speaking, these creative principles take the form of equipping and empowering teams to make a series of rapidly evolving value attempts. These value attempts are passionately revised and improved upon until a candidate solution achieves market traction. Thereafter, additional features may be added to the solution to facilitate deeper market penetration. The work of the creative team is deemed to be successful when the end user needs are reliably satisfied by the new solution.<br><br> <br><br>In order to maintain and foster creative motivation throughout the creative process, many of these leaders employ some form of shared conception, a desire to pursue a common compelling need, which forms a strong shared attraction. There are four elements to these strong attractors:<br><br>Need – a thing that needs to be created, something that’s missing from life<br>Belief – belief it can be created, that the idea is possible, even viable<br>Opportunity – a career opportunity to create that thing, a chance to do it<br>Anticipation – shared anticipation of the better, envisioned future<br>These elements form a strong attractor and shared conception is the practice of sharing and iterating the same strong attractors with investors, customers, creative staff and management, thereby aligning customers, staff and management on a set of highly anticipated emerging solutions. Not surprisingly, this form of creative motivation is often present in Silicon Valley startups, including many of the dominant companies established by the leaders quoted above.<br><br>How do you best motivate software engineers? You attract them to significant, life changing work by elevating the need, the thing that's missing from life or society, a problem that needs to be solved, and extending a personal, creative opportunity to solve that problem. Software Engineers are motivated to solve epic problems with solutions that people love. Continuously communicating to them the "why?" is critically important. Knowing why enables software engineers to evolve technical solutions that best fit customer needs.<br><br>The best way to motivate creative staff is to attract them to meaningful work through the use of strong attractors. Sure, you must also pay creative staff well enough to meet their standard of living; but, as Maslow points out in his theory of human motivation, beyond physical and safety needs, people have a need for esteem, recognition, and actualization. Just having a real possibility of meaningfully fulfilling these higher order needs is enough incentive to strongly motivate the heart and minds of most creative workers, even in the presence of pressure and adversity which often accompanies the solving of difficult problems through intense periods of failure. All greater transformational works of value are, necessarily, sustained by this type of motivation.<br><br> <br><br>It is important to understand, when motivating software engineers and creative staff via the use of strong attractors, that all four elements must be present. In other words, the staff must believe in your vision, and the envisioned solution or outcome must actually be viable. There necessarily must be a real opportunity to actualize the envisioned product or service, and the staff must catch the envisioned outcome such that they share your anticipation of that better future. When any of the four elements of a strong attractor are missing, the staff’s motivation will be crippled, resulting in under tones of creative drifting, frustration, apathy and possibly even despair. Therefore, it is super critical to have viable strong attractors that are in pursuit of a real opportunity and genuine needs.<br><br> <br><br>Three Types of Management for Three Types of Value<br>Our takeaway from the above history is that there have been three dominant forms of management. Each naturally proceeding out of the type of value they manage, and each having their own optimal practices and associated means of motivation.<br><br> <br><br>In order to avoid making the same systemic management mistakes, I have become convinced that it’s super important to understand our history (how we got here), namely that value is an organizational force that resulted in the creation of our existing management systems, and yet we must learn from our emerging future which is driven by the discovery of new value (where we are going), lest we are doomed to amble around in our ignorance. Before proceeding to advice regarding what CEOs can do differently to better support their software teams, let’s be certain we are on the same page regarding our understanding of value and where we are going. For the sake of brevity, allow me to just blurt out the obvious observations:<br><br>Firstly, for our purposes here, let’s agree that: value is the reliable fulfillment of unmet needs without mitigating-levels of chaos<br><br>Let’s also agree that dominant management systems are a derivative of the nature of value<br><br>That value comes in four forms: undiscovered, discovered, replicated and liquidated<br><br>That value (the fulfillment of unmet needs) is achieved by transmuting value through each of the four states using the three dominant forms of management systems<br><br>Each value transformation system has an input value type and an output value type<br><br>That these value transformation systems have their own unique forms of work and motivation<br><br>That the 3 value systems form 1 value fulfillment cycle (solution fulfillment, order fulfillment, cash fulfillment)<br><br>It is this big picture, which as management, we are working to refine, filling in the gaps, and perfecting its practices. Namely: value is the net result of a value fulfillment cycle comprised of:<br><br>3 types of management systems<br>working together to transmute 4 types of value<br>by discovering products and business solutions<br>that reliably meets customer’s needs<br>without chaos<br>The tip of creative management is learning to think of the value fulfillment cycle functionally as a high velocity change engine that takes value attempts often in the form of minimal viable products and design studies, having some associated customer development (see Steve Blank, customer development) effort running in parallel with the engineering/solution effort.<br><br>What is the value fulfillment cycle? The value fulfillment cycle is the process by which unknown value is discovered, replicated, and monetized. This value-oriented process is at the core of all businesses and consists of connected workflows that serve three separate functions: solution fulfillment, order fulfillment, and cash fulfillment. The overarching cycle is overseen and governed by three dominant management systems: creative management, replication management, and liquidation management – traditionally considered to be creative/engineering, business, and financial management. Each of the three value management systems have differing practices and a differing means of motivation that directly tie back to the type of value they are transmuting; yet all three must work together in order to effectively realize value.<br><br>This sort of value-oriented thinking is driving creative management to actively automate and commoditize the value fulfillment cycle. In so doing, they are breaking down classically siloed constraints that slow down the discovery of value. Why? Because these silos, often the result of department-oriented thinking, have the effect of slowing down realization of value by serializing the discovery of value, discovery of chaos and discovery of customers. So, to break down these silos, in part, many of the mentioned creative leaders are empowering small teams of creative staff to swing for the fences (doing the full value cycle) on big, important problems, and they are having a great deal of success. Because, as it turns out, having an over-arching management system that reduces the time it takes to discover and actualize value is a big deal.<br><br> <br><br>How are CEOs failing software engineers?<br>First, many companies are lacking an effective creative management system, and from the above history lesson, we can correctly infer that healthy companies are always a combination of the three dominant types of management. For example: every exceptional restaurant has an executive chef to do the creative work; hosts, waiters, porters and line chefs to do the replication work; and, an accountant to effectively cashflow the enterprise. To stay healthy, all three types of management must be empowered to hold each other accountable to the pursuit of satisfying the needs of the customer.<br><br> <br><br>We also know that companies that do not have an effective creative system either die over time, or they are tied to another entity that is doing the creative work. Sure, there are some exceptions; but in general, if you are lacking a thriving creative management system, you are definitely impeding the discovery of new value, and you become a prime target for what Clayton Christensen termed as “disruptive innovation.” This is essentially the process whereby market leading companies are gutted by smaller entities that are discovering new value at much higher rates than traditional companies. Stop and consider for a moment, “what happens when larger companies with more funding figure out how to stay disruptive by using creative management systems that empower lots of small teams?” Of course, there are several tech companies that are doing this now, and they are disrupting traditional businesses at an exponentially, increasing rate. This is due, in no small part, to their successful creative management systems.<br><br> <br><br>Considering the above history again, it should be clear that not having an effective creative management system is a huge gap in the value fulfillment cycle. If this gap remains unaddressed, the market will solve the problem by investors, over time, moving their money to entities that are discovering new value at higher rates. So, if you have this kind of systemic void, it’s really in your best interest to address the gap as soon as possible, and I would encourage you to give some serious consideration to empowering an effective creative management system.<br><br> <br><br>Also, as it turns out, the three things that software engineers overwhelmingly want from management, when asked, is for management to:<br><br>Provide a clear sense of purpose, vision and mission<br>Invest in my growth by having opportunities for advancement<br>Grant autonomy and delegate authority<br>In other words, software engineers want to function in small empowered teams that are hotly pursuing meaningful value which could potentially transform their community, the company, and their lives into some epic, next level thing. When you think about their response, it kind of sounds like the basis of an effective creative management system that pursues new value. That’s likely because many software engineers are, at their very core, creative staff that yearn to pursue new value and, given their answers, they are in effect begging management to provide the big-picture charters under which they can actualize their creative force. My advice to you is to let them do it. But it is critical that these teams have a clear mission charter and budget, and that they also have the supporting roles needed to succeed embedded in the team itself.<br><br> <br><br>Second, new value (fulfilling previously unmet needs) is the by-product of applied new learning that is gleaned from an often-painful series of individual- and group level- failed value attempts. To put some meat on better understanding this point, new products that truly address new points of need (new value) aren’t a function of time and money; instead, they are the result of learning from hundreds of small failures that must necessarily occur in the pursuit of discovering a new solution (new value). When Mark Zuckerberg created Facebook’s mantra, “move fast and break things,” he was simply giving his team permission to learn quickly by unleashing tens of thousands of value attempts. In point of fact, most smaller products are the result of hundreds of failed individual value attempts and dozens of failed group level value attempts, and large products and services are the result of tens of thousands of failed individual value attempts, and hundreds of failed group level value attempts.<br><br> <br><br>Given this understanding, I have five points of advice for CEOs of companies that do software engineering:<br><br>Since learning from failed value attempts is the only path forward to discovering new value, our goal must be to get the cost of failure down (not the number of failures), and the rate of learning up. One of the easiest way to achieve this goal is to get the size of the teams down by investing in individual and small team level value attempts.<br>The next thing to do is make sure your teams have the research, promotion, and analysis skills that are needed to rapidly discover actual need, and to rapidly test and learn from their solution attempts. Lacking these skills, your teams may never discover industry changing value as their rate of learning will simply be too slow to compete.<br>Next, invest in platforms and tools that speed your team’s ability to make value attempts. Why? Because, often a platform can help with customer discovery and doing solution promotion, as well as gathering the metrics needed for learning and analysis, all of which can amazingly increase the speed at which your teams discover value. Since you are going to be making a lot of low-cost value attempts, you really should invest in automation that speeds value discovery.<br>When discovering new value, drive to value; when scaling discovered value, drive to date. Meaning: don’t gate value discovery by setting arbitrary release dates. In effect, a release date is nothing more than saying to the team, “we are going to give up on discovery of the actual needed value by <insert arbitrary date here>.” Of course, that’s nonsense. Also, dates don’t increase the rate of learning from failure; they in fact have the opposite effect, the team will be much less likely to discover the value needed as they will actually increasingly fear failure as the date approaches, and they will therefore slow down the rate at which they are breaking things, which effectively puts an end to new learning – no more bugs found, no more value found. If the customers need hasn’t been met yet, it’s just a huge waste and confusing to all involved to release something that doesn’t actually meet the need. It’s even worse to release something by an arbitrary date that has the appearance of meeting the need but is riddled with business risking- or life risking- levels of chaos.<br>When motivating the team, the correct motivation pattern to apply to the discovery of new value is shared conception using strong attractors. Go back and reread the creative management section regarding motivation, it’s worth a second look, if not a third.<br>Here’s the most important bit of advice to CEOs and leaders of software teams<br>Some people think, in order to best foster a creative learning culture, you should celebrate failure; personally, that’s a bridge to far for me. But, at a minimum, you must at least endure failure, and if it’s possible for you, full-on embrace the failure that’s always associated with discovering life changing value.<br><br> <br><br>I promise (take me up on this), that if you set out to fail every day by taking truly new and different value attempts from which you learn, at the end of 90 days, you will have a small pile of new value. It’s just impossible to fail that much, unless you’re not learning, and not discover some truly new bits of value. Even better, if you and your favorite team of 50 engineers do the same exercise of taking value attempts for 90 days, and you aggregate those bits of value together along the way, you quite often have the basis for an industry leading product or service that you might even spend the rest of your career improving and delivering, and the world would be a better place for you having done that.<br><br> <br><br>Personally, I am still shocked by the number of times I consider my failed value attempts to be waste. I am also appalled by the number of times that I deliberately avoid starting from a blank page; instead, I almost always reach for the safety-blanket of Google in hopes of finding someone else’s work to leverage – an existing known, good, starting place. It’s as if, deep down inside, I am ardently, even violently, trying to avoid the failure that comes hand-in-hand with starting from a blank page. Perhaps you can relate to the thought, “why waste time starting from a blank page when you can be way more successful starting from some known good place?” The truth is, “new” necessarily means you better not be able to google your idea, because if you can, it isn’t new, right? Yet, in place of embracing failure by taking new value attempts, I find myself starting out each new day doing something that I already know, a thing that I'm already good at, because that makes me feel valuable.<br><br> <br><br>This is best referred to as failure avoidance syndrome, and I promise that, as CEOs or leaders, we have a bad and almost creatively lethal dose of it.<br><br>What is failure avoidance syndrome? Failure avoidance syndrome is a common and even normal sociophysiological condition that causes us to associate productivity and value to the completion of known tasks, while avoiding attempts that will likely lead to failure. Failure avoidance is, straight-up, a combination of success conditioning and brain chemistry, and it leads to us feeling that starting from a known good place is more valuable. This phenomenon is due, in no small part, to how our brains, in response to the thrill of successfully completing a rewarded task, releases euphoric chemicals that strongly reinforce the behavior that led to success. Conversely, the disappointment and menace often associated with failure results in our brains releasing a different set of chemicals that act to dissuade us from making additional mistakes (even, and especially, new value attempts) that might threaten our safety, social acceptance, and well-being.<br><br>The net effect of our success-based conditioning and our natural brain chemistry is failure avoidance. In other words, discovery of new value is actually safe guarded by a sociophysiological curse that most commonly manifests as a natural, strong aversion to failure. However, when doing creative work, we must find positive ways of pushing past the chemically reinforced sense of waste and failure avoidance.<br><br> <br><br>This necessarily means that the journey of discovering life changing value requires us to endure large amounts of failure. For me personally, I’m learning to embrace the failure of taking daily value attempts versus comfortably filling my days with planned success; it’s a big step, but one that I’m committed to doing.<br><br> <br><br>In summary, for better value discovery results:<br><br>Empower individuals to take daily value attempts<br>Use light weight value attempts and amplified learning<br>Drive to value, not to date<br>Seed your creative teams with research, promotion, and analysis skills<br>Avoid forcing individuals into the same ways of thinking about a problem<br>Encourage your creative staff to move fast and break things<br>Embrace failure, celebrate learning<br>Personally, fail more often. If you’re not failing, I promise you, you aren’t learning, and you’re therefore likely not leading your industry either, seriously.<br>Regarding the institutions who are setting up management to fail software engineers<br>Listen up Ivy League educators and macro economists. Take note of the three (not two) types of dominant management systems. Whereas you can align the motivation of workers and management within the same type of work, aligning motivations across types of work (such as replication to creative) that are dissimilar in nature using the same incentives isn't a thing. It doesn't work. It can't work. It's confusing, frustrating, and demotivating when a system of management is ignorantly applied to a type of work that it cannot possibly, effectively govern. Yet, as a ‘modern’ society, we've created a prevailing global management system that perpetrates this offense repeatedly. Just stop it. Seriously, it’s ineffective, it’s upsetting to your developers and creative staff, and in the long run, it’s in no one’s best interest.<br><br> <br><br>While you’re at it, go back to your management textbooks and curriculum and write in Creative Management, and go back to your economic models and factor discovery of new value into your theories of economic growth. Also, many of you need to go back to your companies and apologize to the developers and creative staff to whom you aren’t listening.<br><br> <br><br>In closing, if you are genuinely interested in speeding the realization of value, spend some more time studying value fulfillment theory: the cycle by which unknown value gets discovered, replicated, and transmuted into cash. And then, consider reorganizing your company to unleash the creative force of your software engineers.<br><br> <br></div><br><div class="gmail_quote"><div dir="ltr" class="gmail_attr">On Mon, Sep 21, 2020 at 1:23 AM Mike Spencer <<a href="mailto:mspencer@tallships.ca">mspencer@tallships.ca</a>> wrote:<br></div><blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0px 0px 0px 0.8ex;border-left:1px solid rgb(204,204,204);padding-left:1ex"><br> > <a href="" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank"></a><br> ><br> > Any comments?<br> <br> 100% javascript page, no text. Can you post the text?<br> <br> -- <br> Michael Spencer Nova Scotia, Canada .~. <br> /V\ <br> <a href="mailto:mspencer@tallships.ca" target="_blank">mspencer@tallships.ca</a> /( )\<br> <a href="" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank"></a> ^^-^^<br> <br> _______________________________________________<br> nSLUG mailing list<br> <a href="mailto:nSLUG@nslug.ns.ca" target="_blank">nSLUG@nslug.ns.ca</a><br> <a href="" rel="noreferrer" target="_blank"></a><br> </blockquote></div><br clear="all"><div><br></div>-- <br><div dir="ltr" class="gmail_signature"><div dir="ltr"><div><div dir="ltr"><div>Baha Baydar<br><a href="mailto:bbaydar@gmail.com" target="_blank">bbaydar@gmail.com</a><br><br></div></div></div></div></div>It seems like everyone and their mother is in love with their air fryer these days.
Even I must admit, as a former skeptic, I now really enjoy my air fryer. I mostly employ my air fryer as the a perfect tool for roasting vegetables and not for heating frozen foods — but that's a story for another day.
One other great feature of an air fryer: They're super easy to clean.
We've got a few tips for cleaning an air fryer but before we get too detailed here's the TL;DR: dish soap and water. That's the best and most basic method of cleaning that will remove any grease and grime from your air fryer.
Really that's it. Just wash your air fryer with dish soap and water and you'll be good. But we've got further advice below to help you with the details.
1. Remove the basket and wash
Now, each air fryer is a bit different, but the general construction typically includes a pull-out drawer with an inset basket or grate to hold food. These components are typically made of nonstick material. You'll want to remove the drawer and basket/grate and hand wash it all with soap and warm water. It's important you use a sponge or soft cloth — absolutely nothing abrasive. You don't want to pull up any of that nonstick material.
Now the good news: typically speaking, this is a super simple process. Because the components are nonstick, the food should come right up. If something is really stuck, I try to use a fingernail or paper towel to get it off, again, doing my best to not scratch the nonstick surface. For the model I own, this whole process takes a couple of minutes, at most. I make sure to clean it after every single use to avoid any gunk build-up.
Then you simply dry the basket and drawer and you're all set to go for the next time you air fry.
You may be able to load these parts of your air fryer in a dishwasher as well. Make sure to research your specific model to see if it's recommended. If you do use a dishwasher, be sure to load the components carefully so the nonstick surface is not damaged.
2. Clean the heating element and interior
Now, this step isn't necessarily something you'll have to do after every use. But every once in a while you'll want to clean the interior of your air fryer where the cooking drawer is inserted..
3. Clean the exterior of the air fryer
How do you clean the outside of an air fryer? Huge surprise coming: soap and water with a sponge or cloth. Just wipe it down, dry it off, and get on with your life. I also sometimes use a disinfectant wipe if that's what I've got lying around. Since it's just the exterior of the appliance and not where you'll cook, it doesn't do any harm.
So there you have it, that's all you've got to do to clean your air fryer.Description
The Energizer Universal AAA HR03 Rechargeable Battery can sustain your need for power when you’re playing songs in your portable player or capturing pictures from your digital camera. Supplying 1.2 Volts and possessing 500mAh capacity, it can replace old LR03 and HR03 batteries out of your favoured gadgets. With its excellent charge retention quality and many charging cycles, this economical battery can recharge up to 1,000 times for the highest level of performance you could expect from Energizer.
The retail packaging of the Energizer Universal Battery contains 4 ready to use cells for your everyday portable power needs. For power that lasts wherever you go, pair the Universal Battery with Energizer Battery Charger. Buy this duo and trust that you can have the power for your battery powered devices anytime, anywhere.
Data & Safety Sheets
Available downloads
Product Specifications Sheet
MSDS/PSDS/AIS Safety & Handling Sheet
Export Information
Commodity/Tariff Code - 85075000
Country of Origin -China (CN)Twelve Corners
Presbyterian Church
OUR..
JOIN US FOR WORSHIP IN THE SANCTUARY EACH SUNDAY MORNING AT 10 A.M.
We welcome you to join us!. Please click here for more information!MATT McCAULEY LAYS DOWN GROOVE
Matt McCauley used to lay down three grooves at a time racing his DN but has backed off on the ice sailing to focus more on the low end of things- specifically the bass. Similar to the DN as it is made of wood and kind of hard to transport but lots of fun to play with once you get it set up.
Presumably he is only laying down one groove at a time these days, unless of course he is getting into some complex polyrhythmic stuff- you never know with these jazz cats….
The former NEIYA Commodore was spotted playing in a jazz trio during an art show at the Guilford, CT Art Center. He was last sighted at the DN Gold Cup in Kingston, ON where he won a brand new North FO-1 sail- Glad to see him out and about and playing up a storm- hope to see him on the ice this winter!
- photo 1
- photo 2
- photo 3A breathtakingly limited advent calendar housed in holiday packaging and stuffed with 12 Go-To delights. Fun! Fancy! Festive!
The 12 special treats include:
Face Hero 30mL, Much Brighter Skin 30mL, Skin Party Mini 20mL, Super Handy Mini 20mL, Single Transformazing Sheet Mask, Eyebrow Tweezers, Exfoliating Mitts, Adorable Silk Scrunchie, Three-Pack Of Hair Ties, Reusable Bag, Shower Cap, Lush Silk Eye Mask
It’s the limited edition gift that keeps on giving (radiant skin and adorable shelfies).HKSAIR, HKPC Conducted HKFAIR 2021
Hong Kong Productivity Council (HKPC), with the funding support of the Innovation and Technology Fund of the HKSAR Government, had partnered with the Hong Kong Society of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics to organize the Hong Kong Forum of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics (HKFAIR 2021) recently.
HKFAIR 2021 brought together leading experts in AI and information technology from Mainland China and Hong Kong, featuring six academy fellows including Professor Tan Tieniu, Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Vice Minister of the Liaison Office of the Central People’s Government in the HKSAR, who along with 18 experts and representatives from world-renowned companies shared on the latest development and innovative applications of AI technology covering different sectors.
Willy Lin, Chairman of HKPC, said in his welcoming address, “HKPC strives to help Hong Kong businesses to achieve digital transformation with diversified R&D services, enabling enterprises to accelerate reindustrialization with ‘Industry 4.0’ and ‘Enterprise 4.0’ to overcome adversity and can plan for the future. AI and robotics technology are one of the areas in the National Key Technologies Research and Development Program. Hong Kong not only possesses internationally-recognized R&D results but also plays a unique role as the ‘super connector’ in the development of GBA. All these will certainly expedite technology and industry upgrading. HKPC is also active in collaborating with local and overseas R&D organizations to promote the wider relevant applications in Hong Kong and GBA for the development of smart industries to create new impetus for the economy.”
At the opening ceremony, Yang Qiang, President of HKSAIR, said, “There is no need to explain the importance of AI and robotics technology as we are at the center of the technology revolution era. HKSAIR aims to promote the successful local application of AI and robotics industry and serve as the bridge and catalyst between academia and industry, and between Mainland China and Hong Kong development. We hope to leverage the forum to foster closer cooperation among distinguished professors and outstanding entrepreneurs in Hong Kong and GBA, conjuring up a local AI and robotics development roadmap to sow the seeds of prosperous development and contribute towards the synergy of government planning, scientific research, product development and industrial manufacturing.”
Through the presentations and panel discussion with the participation from experts, local enterprises can grasp the latest applications and development trends of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and robotics technology to help establish the relevant technology development roadmap and smart industries in Hong Kong and the Greater Bay Area (GBA).
The opening ceremony of HKFAIR 2021 was officiated by Paul Chan, Financial Secretary, and Alfred Sit, Secretary for Innovation and Technology..
Love our new rug!!
From: Greg & Michele
Hello Shahin, We just want to thank you once again for all of your kindness and for showing us this wonderful rug. We absolutely love it, fits in perfectly in our living room. The colour is fantastic, it has made the room very cosy! The “little goats” are behaving themselves...🐐🐐🐐..all staying in line! We also want to thank you for sharing you knowledge of the history woven into these rugs. It is amazing to think of the work that goes into creating them and it is wonderful you are forwarding their stories. All the very best,...
We love it!
From: Mary Paquet
Many thanks to Maher, master rugologist! Of all the rugs in the store, he looked at a cushion cover and pulled out the perfect match. He told us it would be elegant and we would love it. He was right - we love it!
Highly recommended!
From: Beth Campbell
Tabrizi has friendly staff and so many rugs to choose from. I expected to find only the nicest, hand-made rugs, but they have a wide variety of styles and prices. Highly recommended.
Many thanks!
From: Chris Mcquaid
Roach Chiropractic and laser centre which is next door to tabrizi we would like to thank the owner and staff for their generous support for our 1st Charity Golf Tournament in support of Make a Wish. What a great group of people with the highest quality rugs east of montreal. Please stop by say hello and check our there beautiful showroom.
Thank you!
From: Marc Boutilier
Mahar really knows how to treat his customers. Tabrizi should be the first and last place to go for rugs. We came in for one and ended up buying a matching pair. Thank you Mahar!
super friendly staff!
From: Ali Iranikhah
Its rug collection is the best in Canada and staffs are super friendly.
Thanks!
Ruby Elizabeth Tilley
Thanks, Jeffir!! You’re the best!!❤️
I love my new Persian rugs!
From: Barbara Burton
I love my new Persian rugs. It was a pleasure to deal with Jafar.
Friendy staff!
From: Jocelyn Plante
Jeff and Maher are awesome to deal with. They are very friendy and very helpful.
Beautiful, quality carpets!
From: Carrie Macmillan
Beautiful, quality carpets and the excellent service of Maher, one of our favourite people.
excellent service!
From: Eric Steeves
Bought a rug from Tabrizi yesterday, the quality and service was excellent and the the price also.Recommend to anyone looking for a quality rug, huge selection and great staff
Highly recommend
From: Goldie Trager
Beautiful inventory, knowledgeable staff , a pleasure to shop there. I highly recommend Tabrizi carpets...no other place like it in Halifax.
Great selection!
From: John Mac Sween
Great selection, wonderful folks!
What an amazing selection!
From: Sylvia Obrien
Tabrizi Rugs is a real find. We just moved to Halifax and heard great things about them. We stopped by to check it out . What an amazing selection! What patient staff! (thank you Mehrdad). We were there for 2 hours deciding which ONE rug to buy. It wasn't easy....lots of great rugs. Mr. Tabrizi has excellent taste!!
AND, the pricing was fantastic. I feel like a bandit with my new 100% wool rug bought for a song.
Highly recommended.
Seriously....go there.
Long time Business
From: Susanne Willett
They have been in the business a long time and also know how to care and maintain your rug investments.
Love the rugs!
From: Dina Ramadan
It is a wonderful place. You are made to feel comfortable as soon as you are in. Jaffar and Maher were very friendly and helped us and we ended buying two beautiful large rugs for our new home. We then soon went back and bought the third one. It has been more than two years ago. I love the rugs we bought and they look great and as if made for our rooms. I want to go again soon for another one for my...
Very happy with the new carpets!
From: Olga Milosevich
We are very happy with the new carpets that we bought recently at Tabrizi Rugs. The carpets are stunning and really add a nice touch to our living room. We would like to thank the owner, Jafar, as well as his staff, Mehrdad, Shahin and Milad for their excellent service and advice!
Thank you!
From: Marina J Smith
Mr. Tabrizi listened, really listened to what we were looking for and found a carpet that is absolutely perfect for our home. I love it! Looking at it every day is pure joy. We went in for one and left with three. The service is impeccable.
Great service!
From: Gregory Keating
Their service is great. In store, they took down and laid out many rugs for our review. Super good people.
Knowledgeable staff!
From: Penny MacDougall
We have purchased 5 rugs from Tabrizi and couldn’t have been more pleased.
The staff was very knowledgeable and informative.
The rugs have brought our home to life. Couldn’t be happier with their merchandise and am scouting for yet one more!
Fantastic experience!
From: Janet H - Smith
A friend suggested Tabrizi Rugs to me She said I guarantee you won’t be disappointed. My experience was fantastic. The nicest most courteous sales people ! Definitely the best place to purchase rugs. I will never go anywhere else again. Thank you to all you great folks !!
Staircase
High quality goods!
From: Natalia Blestanova
(Translated by Google) Very high quality goods, professional sellers who can advise and tell about their products.
(Original)
Очень качественный товар, профессиональные продавцы, умеющие посоветовать и рассказать о своем товаре.
Thanks!
From: Hannah Martain
AMAZING ❤️😁
Beautiful carpets!
From: Penny Margolis
Beautiful carpets, wonderful service!
Excellent Service!
From: Wayne Snow
Great Product and Excellent Service.
Friendly staff
From: C Pronk
Very knowledgeable staff, friendly and reasonable pricing.
Many thanks!
From: Dave T
These guys know their rugs.
Couldn't be happier!
From: Thumpers Salon
I have an old kilim that had seen better days, needed a good cleaning and repairs to the fringe after one of my dogs took a liking. The whole experience from walking in to picking up my rug was outstanding. They were so friendly and helpful, told me what to expect and called me after a few weeks to give me repair options. It has been years since my kilim has looked so good, been so clean and the repairs they did are amazing. Thank you so much Tabrizi, I couldn't be happier.
Highly recommend
From: Geoff Briggs
I took a rug into the shop that was damaged by my puppy and Maher did an awesome repair! He was great to deal with, very helpful, fast, friendly and professional. Would highly recommend Maher and staff for anything regarding rugs.
Knowledgeable staff!
From: Shawn Dodsworth
Everyone was friendly and knowledgeable.
Thanks!
From: Samantha Hawco
Very friendly and knowledgeable!
Great customer service!
From: Anne Marie Hubley
Wow, yet another great experience and purchase at Tabrizi ! You can’t beat the prices and quality here but most important GREAT customer service! Until nest time thank you again and again!
Highly recommend!
From: G D
I purchased a beautiful beige and blue 9x12 carpet from Tabrizi on Monday. I saw it that afternoon and just had to have it. I called Mr. Jafar Tabrizi , he was so helpful and had two lovely gentlemen delivery and place the carpet in my living room later the same day. They took such care and placed all my furniture better than I had it. The rugologist Maher was amazing. Maher and his helper made the whole experience a wonderful one. I would highly recommend Tabrizi to anyone looking for high quality rugs and very knowledgeable...
Rug museum!
From: Udit Trivedi
This is not a rug store, but a rug museum. They have a wide range of varieties for rugs. You have to negotiate the price.
Wonderful people!
From: Linda & Henry Wielinga
Wonderful people to work with.
Great quality!
From: Arthur Ormiston
Great quality, Great selection, fair prices.
Thank you
From: P. Moan
We purchased a beautiful hand-knotted punja rug from Tabrizi eleven months ago. The rug was punctured by the leg of a couch (how, we're not quite sure). We brought the rug back to Tabrizi several months later and the owner (Maher Ghazzawi) repaired the damage free of charge. At the time, we had also brought the rug back with the intent of removing pilling that had developed due to traffic. Maher explained that what we were seeing was a characteristic of the style of rug we'd purchased (punja) - and that there was not much that could...
Thanks Maher!
From: Caroline Smith
Maher is kind and professional. He helped me find a gorgeous rug for my new home. I would recommend that people seek Maher’s advice if they are in search of the perfect rug! C.Smith
Beautiful rugs!
From: Nathaniel Street
The rugs are beautiful, but what makes Tabrizi stand out is the people who run it. Maher Ghazzawi has earned his self-proclaimed title as the "Rugologist." He has a deep technical, historical and cultural understanding of rugs and will direct you to the best. He listens to you and will go out of his way to find the rug perfect for you. And he's patient and great with kids; our two-year old son had a blast playing! I don't enjoy rug shopping, but going to Tabrizi was different.
King was great to work with!
From: Josh Tan
Bought 3 rugs for my home from Tabrizi rugs. King was great to work with. Very patient from very indecisive buyers but we never felt pressured or rushed. Quality was excellent and pricing was great! I would definitely purchase again in the future!
Excellent service!
From: Anne Weeks
quality carpet, excellent service, fast delivery
knowledgeable and helpful staff
From: Lesley Bleil
Love the place - like being in a REALLY GOOD candy store. Staff knowledgeable and helpful.
A huge selection to choose!
From: Susan Smith
Who knew buying a rug could be so much fun. Maher is personable, friendly, knowledgeable and just plain fun. The rug we selected happened to be right on the top of the pile. There is a huge selection to choose from, and Maher will steer you in the right direction based on your needs. The prices are good as well. Thank you for making buying a rug fun and easy. It looks great!
Rug Paradise！
From: QINGQING HUA
Rug Paradise！Enjoy the beautiful rugs here with good quality. We want to especially thank Mehrdad for his great service. Definitely will come visit again😊
Great customer service
From: David Clarke
Love our rugs!
From: Annie Hiltz
Awesome selection and service. Love our rugs!
Friendly and reliable
From: Melissa Martin
Friendly, efficient, knowledgable, and reliable.
Very professional!
From: Arlene Deon
Very professional - knowledgeable and service-oriented. Would highly recommend!
Wonderful experience!
From: Gayle Wilson
It was a wonderful experience to buy from the very knowledgeable people at Tabrizi. Thank you![ad_1]
Music producer Abdurashed Belo, the famous JCS Scholes, celebrated his son Josiah’s graduation from the University of Glouceshire on Wednesday.
The proud father shared pictures of the event, saying he was happy that his son had graduated from the class.
He wrote, “@sunnyboyfitz Graduation Day. Class high. I’m so proud now ”(Sik)
Josiah also won the school’s annual Media Innovation Award at the graduation ceremony of Varsity Deputy Chancellor Stephen Marson.
Sharing the award presentation video, JJS Skills writes, “As you study your feelings. @sunnyboyfitz I’m so proud. Let your interests be your profession. Pray for her to grow from strength to strength. I love you
Participants shared pictures and videos during the ceremony. Instagram With the title “Prize Winner”
Joining the event, JCS Skills actress Funeke Akindle-Belo shared photos of the event. Instagram “Congratulations, my dear Josiah! We are very proud.
@jjcskillz Proud father! Congratulations my dear. Let our children still be proud of us. @tamirabello I see you.
“PS: @sunnyboyfitz is the director of Dope Cinematographer. Please contact him!” (CC)
Watch the award presentation video below:
all rights reserved. This article and other content on this site may not be reproduced, reproduced, distributed, written, or distributed on this site without the written permission of PUNCH.
Contact [email protected]
[ad_2]Basket Weaving
One-day basketry workshop with Wendy Jensen
Instructor: Wendy Jensen
Happening in 2021? YES! See our Calendar for dates, and contact us if you're hoping to join us.
Vävstuga is excited to offer a one-day basket weaving workshop with Wendy Jensen, award-winning basket maker. You'll learn the techniques to make Wendy's "Carry-All" in our wonderful Barn Studio location.
Carry-All
Level: open
This project is appropriate for all levels of weaver, from beginner to more experienced.
This useful rectangular basket is woven of rattan with a "filled" plaited base. Students will weave and shape the sides of their basket with a start and stop weaving technique. Two wide weavers will be incorporated to accept the Shaker Tape strap that will be used as the carrying handles (there will be discussion about replacing the Shaker Tape with a handwoven band strap). Rim fitting, scarfing and lashing will also be taught.
Basket dimensions: 16" long × 10" high × 6" wide
Supply list
Materials:
- All equipment, supplies, and pattern will be supplied.
Optional:
- Notebook and pencil if you wish to take notes.
Wendy Jensen is an award-winning professional basket maker living in the Berkshire Hills of western Massachusetts. She exhibits her work at juried craft shows and galleries nationally, and has taught basket making at many conferences, craft schools, museums and private facilities as well as her own studio for over 25 years. Her work was selected for publication in Lark Books' 500 Baskets. Although a majority of her work is made with rattan/reed, she has also been cultivating and weaving with basket willow for over 20 years.
For an inspirational photo gallery, check out Wendy's website:.
Location: Farm Studio
Prerequisites: none
Max enrollment: 12 (minimum 6)
Course fee: $100 (includes all instruction and studio time, course handouts, lunch)
Materials fee: $45
Room & board: Available $75/night; meals not provided
For more detail: See also costs & logistics, food & accommodations
Days offered: One-day session, Sat
Schedule: Orientation 8:45am. Instruction time 9:00–12:30 and 1:30–5:00.Hey Taskers!
We passed $100K in pledges…thank you! Thanks to hitting that milestone, the distance between each stretch goal has been reduced to only $8,000! Also, we “adjusted” the order of several of the unlocked stretch goals to meet your requests! Can unlock more K9 Dogs & Contract Ops figures sooner! In addition, the “Exo -Suit” gear sets have been REMOVED from the event… because EACH Exo-Suit will receive ALL those additional weapons & accessories added for FREE! So each Exo-Suit will come FULLY equipped with ALL gear! And lastly, the highly requested “Agency-Ops” stretch goal is now OFFICIALLY in the stretch goals! NOT added as the final stretch goal, but inserted into the middle of the unmet stretch goals! When unlocked, each Agency-Ops figure will come with a full business suit, a 2nd Dress shirt torso, an extra set of rolled up sleeve forearms and Utility vest with pistol & holster.Georgia Rep. Lucy McBath announced Monday that she would run for a new district in the Atlanta suburbs against fellow Democrat Rep. Carolyn Bourdeaux after the Republican controlled-state legislature redrew McBath’s district to make it a safely red seat.
Georgia Republican legislators created a map that would drastically change the lines of the two competitive seats north of Atlanta held by the two Democrats. If Georgia Republican Gov. Brian Kemp signs it into law and the map survives potential challenges in court, it would essentially give the GOP a 9-5 advantage in the state, rather than the current 8-6 advantage.
In a statement, McBath claimed that Republicans were trying “to draw me out of Congress.”
Following the 2012 murder of her son Jordan Davis, McBath quit her job as a Delta flight attendant to work as an activist with Everytown for Gun Safety and Moms Demand Action. In 2018, McBath ran for former House Speaker Newt Gingrich’s old seat and beat Republican Rep. Karen Handel by a point and beat her again in a 2020 rematch by over nine points.
“It is no mystery why Republicans and the NRA have decided I’m their top target,” McBath said. “As a Black woman, activist, and mother on a mission—they would like nothing more than to stop me from speaking truth to power about the gun lobby and Republican Party in Congress.”
In 2018, Bordeaux, a former Georgia State University professor, won a close Democratic primary before losing to Republican Rep. Rob Woodall by fewer than 500 votes. After Woodall retired, Bordeaux won her 2020 race against Republican Dr. Rich McCormick by about three points.
Bordeaux said she has strong ties to the Gwinnett county-based district, and worked to “expand Medicaid, lower healthcare costs, create universal pre-K and address our unique transit needs,” while securing loans for small businesses.
“Georgia’s 7th district deserves a representative that understands their issues,” Bordeaux said. “I’ve run five elections here, and I have deep connections with the diverse communities in our district.”
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.An alert reader let me know that H.E. Most Rev. Paul Etienne, Bishop of Cheyenne, WY, went to visit the Carmelite men near Cody, WY. There are photos on His Excellency’s blog.
“But Father! But Father!”, some of you are surely saying. “Aren’t those the guys who …”
…make the Mystic Monk Coffee! Yes, indeed they are.
My favorite photo has to be this one.
Help these guys build their new monastery!
“But Father! But Father! Is this way to drink a mystic monk coffee with a shot rather tableware consuming, isn’t it?”
I would prefer the use of a Calvados instead of a .308 bullet. Cheaper in tableware consumption and I think it tastes better too.
Yours in Christ
Marcus, the one with the C
Thanks, Fr Z… fun way to start our day!
I especially enjoyed seeing pics of monk music and his Excellency getting a ride on monk-mobile.
I think it’s cool when Bishops go deer hunting:
Religious men with coffee and firearms, what’s not to like?
Carhartts, guns – no rainbow vestments: fantastic!
Men are returning to the priesthood.
THis is so Cool!
It is great to see that these Bros and Priests and Bishop are real men! They did not give up their masculinity in giving their lives to Christ.
Fr Z Do you have a good vennison meal that you have cooked that you could show us? My favorite is Burgundy peppercorn venison loin steaks, with asperagus, cheesey mashed potatoes and a fresh garden salad.
Maybe Cowgirl could chime in here on a collaboration between the two of you on venison!
Let’s see…
Bishop Etienne cares enough about his priests and religious to go spend some time with them, praying, snowmobiling and having himself photographed even in what many of his fellow bishops would consider politically incorrect circumstances (ie firearms).
Bishop Etienne also is so devoted to the Blessed Mother that he even has her initial M prominently displayed on his coat of arms.
Hmmmm… you don’t think? No. There couldn’t be a connection between the two? Could there?
After years of enduring so much lavender, we give thanks oh Lord for a return to to purple amongst your shepherds!
Thanks for some good news to start the day, Fr. Z!
Jack in KC
Man, we really miss Bishop Etienne here in Southern Indiana. I’m glad that God called him to higher service in the church.
Thanks so much for alerting us to Bishop Etienne’s blog…I hadn’t realized he was blogging. I knew him as a child when he was associate pastor at my parish. After he had been there for a few months, my younger sister went up to him after Mass and told him that his homilies had really improved! :-)
Woo hoo! What a cool picture!
A Bishop in the great outdoors with manly monks-I love it!
Did they catch anything on this hunting trip?
Wonderful! I always love how joyful they look. There are some nice photos of them on the New Mount Carmel Foundation website. I would link to the sledding one, but I am afraid the link would be too long and I don’t know how embed it. I don’t even know how to spell that…embed, imbed, em-bed? I am trying to say it with two syllables, but it looks like one to me. Oh well.
COMPLETELY excellent! Carhartts are da bomb – don’t know what we’d do without them in the duck blind or on the training field, especially with all the snow we’ve had.
Nice rifle, too. I think I have the same one – Ruger M-77 in .308 with a 4x scope, but with a wood stock not nylon camo. Nylon is better in the snow and wet . . . .
I’ll take a big thermos of Mystic Monk and extra cups with me the next time we go out with the dogs. It’s appreciated.
That photo would make a good ad for MM Coffee, Carhart, and Remington firearms. Package it up Fr Z, it may be a money maker
Exchief,
Do you think it’s a Remington? I can’t see the fore-end, but I thought the comb was more prominent on a Rem 700 . . . ?
Not that there’s anything wrong with either one.
The camo makes it a little tough to make out some of the details but overall (including the camo pattern) it looks like a Rem 700. Cold as it appeared to be when the photo was taken I’d be more interested in the Mystic Monk coffee than the rifle :)
Religious summit meeting, Wyoming style.
I LOVE IT!!!
His Excellency’s big “cheese-eating grin” says it all!
–Guy Power
We’d love to have priests come up to Alaska and spend time in Carharts, with guns, and going hunting. I know lots of fine places to stay with good cooks. We are always in need of GOOD Priests who need a nice “retreat.”
Love the pictures!
more fun than a barrel full of monk-eys
sorry, couldn’t help myself
love to let these guys loose on some happy clappy parish, carharts, guns and all. The on eagles wings types would swoon
;>)
Monks (and bishops) on 4-wheelers are pretty cool too.
I guess if you’re going to be the bishop of a place like Wyoming, you had jolly well better be able to meet your flock where they live!
(we have some fine rural areas in Georgia where 4-wheelers, Carhartts and good rifles by whatever manufacturer are appreciated, but Catholics tend to be pretty thin on the ground out there. They mostly hang around Atlanta metro, where eagles wings types and swooners abound.)
We’ve seen Nuns With Guns, now we have—Carmelites in Carhartts? Religious With Rifles? Either way, I love it!
Tony
You deserve a gold star for those two
Hey, if those rifles are Remingtons, they’re made not far from where I live here in Upstate NY!
‘Carmelites in Carharts, Religious with Rifles’-yeah, Tony Layne, you deserve TWO GOLD STARS for that!Throughout the Bang Kachao site, the idea of' living with water' is visible. The definition of the advantage of a water supply for local use is the essence of the human instinct to live in daily life. They use it for fish stocks, fisheries, and everyday use, with mainly local sustainable water resource management strategies. Bang Kachao is an "Island" type of land cover all around by the Chao Praya river. This map discovers the layers//platforms that create a relationship between people and nature whether it for tourist with well-made cycling path or Man-made bridge by the local.Canon PIXMA MX452 Driver
Are you looking for a printer with wireless connectivity? You like it should see a Canon PIXMA MX452 printer, with excellent multifunctional capabilities (MFP) we are very good you will easily be able to do printing and copying. The ability of this printer will make it easier for you to complete the printing work that you will do.
Canon PIXMA MX452 Review
This printer will give you some great features like an Automatic document feeder. The print resolution that you will get on this printer can reach about 4800 x 1200 dpi. PIXMA MX452 can also print 4 x 6 Borderless Photo with a time of about 46 seconds. You will also get a print speed of 9.7 ppm for mono printing and 5.5 ppm for color printing. Quality scan results will also be obtained on this printer with scan resolution support that reaches 1200 x 2400 dpi. You can also use the Canon PIXMA MX535 as your alternative. We also provide a driver download link for the Canon PIXMA MX452 that connects directly with the official Canon website.
Link Download PIXMA MX452 Driver
Compatible Operating Systems :
There are many operating systems that you can use on the Canon MX452, including Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows Vista, Windows XP. You can also use this printer on the macOS operating system.Category Archives:.
City Times and Other Poems
by Vihang A. Naik
Reviewed by Ronnie Alvarado
City Times and Other Poems is divided into six sections that all feature a similar theme. The first section, “Love Song of a Antigone Poems by Marie Slaight and Terrence Tasker (Artist)
Reviewed by Timea Barabas
Certain stories are timeless, and they can be reshaped in many ways, without losing their essence, such is the story of Antigone. First introduced to the world as a heroine by Sophocles, she now re-emerges in The Antigone Poems of Marie Slaight. However, the heroine of this volume is not one woman, but all.
This volume’s cover is haunting through the intensity of its simplicity. Before we read Slaight’s poems, we see Terrence Tasker’s work, to whom this volume is actually dedicated. Tasker’s charcoal drawings close each of the five chapters of the book and their raw quality matches that of the poems. Even if there aren’t that many drawings, they leave their imprint not just on the pages, but on your memory as well. The beauty in Terrence Tasker’s drawings lies in his ability to allow and almost unnoticeably push the viewer to project their own images over his. The images I saw were filled with pain, desolation, and silent despair. Also, the format of the book is very well thought out since it becomes a tool to control the reader. The empty page which faithfully follows each poem forces us to reflect – even if only fractions of a second – more on what we have just experienced. It dictates the tempo of Marie Slaight’s song.
Her words align themselves obediently to the rhythm of some foreign tribal drums. It’s not so much the words themselves, but how they are put to use that empowers these poems. Their order seems unnatural at first, but each time you read them, they speak to you more. Also, many unexpected associations challenge the reader’s imagination “like scattered dynamite/dissembled power/shattered glass”. There are certain words that reoccur almost obsessively (blood, daemon, sun) which haunt Antigone through her journey. But the beat that overshadows all the other instruments is the fusion of pleasure and pain. It is this fragile string which interweaves both of these contrasting emotions that ties all the poems together. There is a voluptuousness about pain, and a distress in pleasure that Marie Slaight is not afraid to explore.
Although the female spirit seems to be dominating throughout The Antigone Poems, the feelings these speak of transcend the rigid barriers of gender. Universal themes like love, passion, pain, lust, loneliness are combined in a unique way through a strong imagery. The poet makes use of all our senses to perceive inner states in a more organic way. So, we come to smell the odor/see the colors/hear the melody/sense the warmth/taste the flavor of Her emotions.
Disclosure in Accordance with FTC Guidelines 16 CFR Part 255A woman on Reddit has shared her predicament after her boyfriend asked if he could propose to her using a customised ring he had originally intended for his now ex-girlfriend.
Titled “Is it unreasonable rejecting an old engagement ring?”, the woman, who goes by the username ‘thatgirlwithqns’, shares that she is unsure what to do in the situation, because whilst she understands the practicality of it from his side, she doesn’t like that it was originally designed for another woman.
“My boyfriend and I have always talked about getting married,” the woman began. “Recently he asked if I was okay with him giving me an old engagement ring.”
Providing context, she explains that her partner was with his previous girlfriend for four years and planned to propose to her before they ended their relationship. That was three years ago, she explains, and he now still has the customised ring, which was sourced from overseas.
“I’m not sure what the actual value of the ring was, but according to him he spent few thousand dollars on the ring in total. This was not even including the money spent flying to and fro.”
Side note – Forget about engagement rings. Now it’s all about engagement piercings apparently. The Mamamia Out Loud team discuss it on the podcast below. Post continues after audio.
“He asked if I was okay with him giving me the old ring because it’s just been sitting in his cupboard, and he felt like there was finally a purpose to that old ring.”
The woman admits that she understands “the practicality of it” since “it’ll go to waste if he doesn’t use it”.
And, by not purchasing a new ring, she continues, the couple will be able to save their money for .”
“Am I being unreasonable? I don’t need an expensive ring, and I don’t need diamonds, but I’d like the ring to be bought with me in mind.”
The user explained that they had explored the option of selling the bespoke engagement ring, but that the jeweller explained it would only be worth a few hundred dollars – considerably less than what he paid for it.
“The ring was only expensive because of all the customisations that he had made to it,” she clarified. “The jewel/material of the ring itself was not that expensive.”
Top Comments
when you love someone - you know in your heart what is right - -
Personally, I'd sell the ring and take the lady ring shopping !
But then - on the other hand - how many girl friends have NO trouble moving into his house - assuming the first wife was not a housekeeper -
NO! Don't give her the same ring. There are so many different ways to give a diamond ring a new look . From adding diamonds/or gemstones, to upgrading the setting, to trading in the ring for a completely new one.- coachcollaborative
Mental Gymnastics
Have you ever thought about what is going on in your mind when you are Coaching someone?
How all of the training, theories, models, practice, feedback, research, ,evidence, experience, intuition, data, the specific client you are working with and their journey computes in your mind and folds in to the Coaching process? It's a big question, and a hard one to wrap one's mind around. And, the complexity, nuance and sophistication of those inner workings are often not understood or respected by others, which is one of the factors that contributes to people thinking that what we do isn't hard.
In today's episode we hold some space for exploring this idea through the mental gymnastics metaphor, and use a few client examples to illustrate the way this amplifies richness, authentic personalization, intrinsic motivation and sustainability in the change they are pursuing.
Enjoy this conversation? We invite you to connect with and let us and join in!
Visit our website Follow us on Instagram Follow us on LinkedIn Email us to join the our All Coach Slack Channel (coach.collaborative@gmail.com)At least 28 people have been killed and at least 60 injured.
The deputy prime minister, Numan Kurtulmus, confirmed that the attack was carried out with a car bomb, but added that the perpetrators had not yet been identified. ”.
The Turkish prime minister, Ahmet Davutoğlu, cancelled a trip to Brussels to attend a security briefing. He said the authorities were looking into information they have received about the explosion on Wednesday night.
President.
Turkey has suffered a string of bloody terrorist attacks on its soil in the past 18 months, most of which were blamed on Islamic State militants. Other security sources told the news agency that Isis was behind the attack on the military convoy in Ankara.)
From Investors Business Daily.
Excerpt:.
I was talking to my Dad on Skype when this came out, and I told him about it. He said “that’s it for Hillary Clinton”. But I really wonder about that. After all, we knew a lot of things about Obama’s past before he was elected – like his votes against a born alive infant protection bill. But that didn’t stop people from voting for him. I am not sure if truth still matters to the American people. In a different time, this cover-up by the White House would be an impeachable offense. But all of his scandals – IRS targeting Tea Party groups, Fast & Furious gunrunning to drug cartels, NSA wire-tapping, Benghazi cover-up, etc. – seem to have just rolled off him.
Related posts
- Benghazi hearings: CIA director altered talking points from “attack” to “demonstration”
-
2 thoughts on “E-mails: Susan Rice prepped to lie about Benghazi by White House”
“But all of his scandals – Fast & Furious, NSA wiretapping, Benghazi, etc. – seem to have just rolled off him.” That’s because he has the lapdog liberal media, HollyWeird, “higher” academia, the public school system, etc to cover for him. God will have the final say – for him and for his co-conspirators.
When I was growing up, we had the Watergate hearings piped into our public schools. Nixon’s second article of impeachment was merely the softer equivalent of Obama’s IRS targeting scandal: Weird how things are different when it’s a democrat.
Let me add the IRS scandal, that was bad too.![CDATA[ [if IE 9] ]]>
The California ISO is monitoring COVID-19 developments, and is taking proactive steps to protect staff, customers, community, and the electric grid. Learn more.
STAKEHOLDER SYMPOSIUM
2018 Videos
2017 Videos
Questions?Contact the symposium team at:symposiumreg@caiso.com
This year we were very much looking forward to hosting the ISO’s Stakeholder Symposium on Oct. 29 and 30 in San Diego. However, given the spread of COVID-19 and the anticipated continuation of restrictions on large events in California and elsewhere around the nation, we had no choice but to cancel this year’s event to comply with the current state of legal restrictions and to act in the best interest of our staff, customers and stakeholders. The Symposium is known as one of the premier energy forums in the industry that typically draws up to 1,000 participants from around the world to discuss cutting-edge topics shaping the electricity industry. As always, we look forward to gathering with our customers and stakeholders at the Symposium and are disappointed that we won’t be able to come together this year. As we progress through these difficult times, we hope that you remain safe and healthy and we look forward to the time when we can resume the valuable in-person interaction and engagement with all of our customers and stakeholders. Please check back for updates on the future date of the next Stakeholder Symposium.Note: This article refers to the legacy version of the Website Builder. If you signed up to the HostPapa Website Builder after March 11 2020, you’re on the new version of the Website Builder. For help, go here.
Linking your Pinterest boards to your site is a great way to get traffic. Not only is it fun to share your favorite products, projects and engage with your audience, but you can also add buttons to your Online Store which may help increase your sales.
Adding a “Follow Me” button
Here’s how to add your Pinterest follow button to your site using the HTML Code Widget:
- In your website builder, drag and drop the HTML Code Widget (located in Widgets > Popular) onto your page.
- Paste your code (use right-click > paste or Ctrl-V to paste) into the HTML Editor.
- Click Save.
Here’s how to add your Pinterest follow button to your site using the Text Widget:
- Click on the HTML button on the Text Editing Toolbar.
- Paste your code (use right-click > paste or Ctrl-V to paste) into the HTML Editor.
- Click OK to return to editing text.
If you are editing a blog post, you can insert your Pinterest follow button using the HTML button on the blog’s Text Editing Toolbar (this works the same as a Text Widget).
Adding a “Pin It” button
Follow these steps If you would like to add a “Pin It” button to your site:
- Go to and set up your embed code.
- Copy the code provided.
- Drag and drop the HTML Code Widget onto your page.
- Paste the code into the HTML Editor.
- Click Save.
Verify your domain
Follow the steps below to verify your domain on Pinterest so that your website shows the full URL:
- Log in to your Pinterest account.
- Change the Pinterest account URL to your account name e.g. (replace hostpapawebsitebuilder with your login name).
- Click on the pen icon in the bottom-right corner of the banner (located at the top of the page).
- The Edit Profile screen will open up.
- Enter your HostPapa Website Builder site, click on Site > Tracking > Site Tracking Code.
- Paste the code into the Header Code pane on the right-hand side of the screen.
- Republish your HostPapa Website Builder site.
- In your Pinterest account, you will see a checkmark next to your site’s URL to indicate that it is a verified website.Authorized Medium of Exchange
The United Worlds Alliance Authorized Medium of Exchange, colloquially referred to as the AME (pronounced /eɪm/) is the universally accepted fiat currency on earth and the surrounding colonies. The AME was set up as in the charter of the United Worlds to simplify exchange. The AME is not a replacement for dollars, renminbi and pounds, but all interstellar banking within the borders of the UWE must be conducted in AMEs, and then can be converted later to the currency of choice. The result is that even worlds outside of the specific UWE purview tend towards using the AME, leading to their acceptance throughout the known worlds, where they can be exchanged for goods, such as weapons, armor and equipment, and services.Episode 54: This week on “Dan’s Talks,” Dan speaks with Andrea Anthony, co-owner of The Lobster Roll aka LUNCH. Throughout four decades of leading The Lobster Roll to great heights, Anthony published The Lobster Roll Cookbook in 2003 and earned worldwide recognition for the restaurant’s appearance on Showtime’s The Affair, hosted Eat, Drink and Bake with Andrea and now stands poised to open up a second Lobster Roll location, coming to Southampton this month.
Find the podcast at DansPapers.com.Toronto's bike share program is expanding to 10 new neighbourhoods
Torontonians who use bike sharing to get to work will be happy to know there's several new neighbourhoods from which they can do that.
A new bikeshare expansion was announced by the city today, adding new stations both in existing neighbourhoods, as well as expanding outward to new areas.
There will be 105 new stations, and an addition of 1,250 new bikes as part of the expansion, bringing the total to 468 stations and 5,000 bikes.
A map indicating areas (in purple) where the Bike Share program plans to expand. Image via Toronto Parking Authority.
Here are the neighbourhoods that will receive new stations in the bike share expansion:
Furthermore, reserve funding from several downtown wards will be used to fund the program, meaning those wards will receive new stations as well. They are as follows:
The province agreed to contribute $6 million to the expansion, with the city matching $1.5 million for a total of $7.5 million. The new stations should be open by summer of this year.
Join the conversation Load commentsIt’s likely that you’ve been informed about the latest online casino school of site known as Site Rubix. It’s a completely new method for individuals to earn money from their websites. Site Rubix is an affiliate marketing program that is based on giving affiliates advertising credits in return in exchange for driving traffic to the owner’s site. It is possible to learn more about Site Rubix below if you are already running an internet business or are looking to diversify your portfolio.
Affiliate marketing can be an excellent way to earn money online. In order to earn additional income from the comfort of your home, affiliate marketing has been an option that has been in existence for quite a while. One such possibility is Google Cash is similar to this idea in that you can generate cash by directing potential customers to a website of a business through search engines such as Google, Yahoo, and MSN. If you click on the links appear within your search results, you can potentially earn extra money through commissions paid to the merchants whose products and services you’ve read about. This is a thrilling and efficient way to earn money while doing something that you enjoy.
However, there are numerous ways to make money using the same concept. Site Rubix will show you how easy it is to drive visitors to your site using search engine marketing. When you become familiar with the concepts of SEO (search engine optimization) and traffic (getting people to your site) You’ll soon see an increase in the amount of money you’ll earn each month from your online gambling business. By investing just $100 into your account, you can learn how to generate hundreds of dollars per month with just one campaign. It is also possible to observe your competition and make changes to your advertisements to gain more customers for a lower price. You are just a click away from the casino school of the site.
Here’s more information regarding 바카라사이트 have a look at the site.Introducing the new programmer of the SMOK Company – Interface Multitool UHDS. In order to improve our products, and what is more important to improve the reliability, stability and safety we have created a new programmer based on modern software platform. The use of the latest technology has allowed us to open a new chapter in the field of production programmers. Particular capabilities of our device allow you to shape the software of our Interfaces. We encourage to read the full capabilities of Interface Multitool UHDS.
The price includes: Interface Multitool UHDS and OBD cable to the Interface.
Availabled options for the programmer Interface Multitool UHDS:
- Xcan
- Ford Tool
- Volvo Tool
- Fiat/Renault/Alfa Tool
- Opel All
- PSA-BSI
- ECUx
- Chrysler CAN
Accessories:
UHDS cable OBD Adapter bench connection
Promotion:
Interfejs Multitool UHDS FULL PROMOTIONHealthy Beginnings is a nonprofit that has been serving Central Oregon for over 20 years by providing free health and developmental screenings for children under the age of five. The program is currently transforming and evolving to meet the growing changes in our region. HB seeks to pivot our mission to assess families and provide referrals for adults and families based on assessed needs and concerns. We know that children have barriers to learning and growth they may involve the family system, and Healthy Beginnings believes that when I family thrives, the community gains.P11 NEWS
Insights From An Intern
Project11 are always on the lookout to give young talent opportunities within the sports marketing industry. Recently, we had the pleasure of being joined by Marc Crown, doing a placement during a break from university. Aiming to gain experience in a number of fields, Marc worked in every department throughout his internship at Project11.Now, as it happens, the Little Frigging Ladies Synchronised fondling display team are already to give the annual Little Frigging mixed-doubles fondling demonstration that – as a tradition dating back to the week before the introduction of colour TV into the locality – is both ancient and noble.
Now, those of you who have not had the pleasure of receiving a synchronised fondling from a team of experts can well imagine, it is not an experience for those not able to stand firm under such an onslaught. This is especially true when the highly dexterous fingers of the ladies are moving around your person in a manner that brings gasps of astonishment and delight to the watching audience.
It is a strong man who is not almost overcome by the time the ladies have finished even their first ministrations and are ready to commence on some of the more complex manoeuvrings that denote a synchronised fondling team at the height of their powers. Such manoeuvres as: ‘’The Crouching Mangle Operative, Hidden Sock Retrieval, The Pummelling Panel Beater, The Hopping Tax Inspector and so on often leave many a volunteer fondlee with tears in his eyes in gratitude for the way the Little Frigging Ladies Synchronised fondling display team have taken him in hand.
Many a gentleman in the audience too has to sit there once the display is over as he contemplates such a fate befalling himself, unless he immediately takes himself in hand and feels himself swelling up with pride at what he has witnessed.
Yours perversely:
Norbert Trouser-Quandary
A tale from the From the LFITW archive
More from Little Frigging in the Wold hereBad Bunny Cartoon T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Character T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Exclusive T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Graphic T Shirt
Bad Bunny Logo Shirt For Fashion
Bad Bunny Logo Svg Shirt
Bad Bunny Short Sleeve New Print Shirt
Bad Bunny Short-Sleeve Shirt New Print
Bad Bunny Third Eye T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Tour Men T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Tour Men T-Shirt
New Bad Bunny Unisex Printed T-Shirt
Puerto Rican trap artist Bad Bunny fashion Shirt
YHLQMDLG Bad Bunny Classic T-Shirt
Yhlqmdlg Tee Bad Bunny T Shirt
Bad Bunny Classic Logo T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Eye Logo T Shirt
New Bad Bunny Logo T Shirt 2021
Bad Bunny Essential T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Flower T-Shirt
style bad bunny tour 2019 bedakan T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Estamos Bien T-Shirts
Bad Bunny Face Printed T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Hhqmdlg Music T-Shirts
Bad Bunny Hhqmdlg Music T-Shirts
Bad Bunny Rabit Logo T-Shirt
We Are Fine Bad Bunny T-Shirt
YHLQMDLG Bad Bunny Shirt
Bad Bunny Rabbit Face T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Short Sleeve T Shirt
Rabit Logo T Shirt Women
Bad Bunny Short-Sleeve Oversized T-Shirt
Bad Bunny Men Tee Shirt
Bad Bunny Cool T Shirt Men
Bad Bunny Have A Nice Day T Shirt
Bad Bunny Face T-shirt
Bad Bunny Funny Cartoon T Shirt
Bad Bunny Siempre Picheo T- Shirt
Yo Perreo Sola Bad Bunny T shirt
Bad bunny t-shirts
Bad bunny merch has a variety of cool and chic tees to help you rock your style this summer. Bad bunny t-shirts collection is equipped with a huge variety of classy items for you all. Bad bunny t-shirts can bring elegance to your wardrobe with their unique and eye-catching styles. Bad bunny shirts come with the simplest and cutest artwork printed on them. So, have a look into this collection of bad bunny t-shirts and shop some amazing summer tees for your closet. Bad bunny merch has sorted a huge variety of tees for you in different styles, patterns, and colors. If you are also a dedicated fan of bad bunny, then shop your favorite featured merch apparel from this site.
Get the best bad bunny t-shirts online
Bad bunny merch here offers top-quality bad bunny shirts to online customers. There are so many options available for you on our merch so check out the juice wrld t-shirt section to get quality items for yourself. All the bad bunny merch t-shirts are designed creatively using the best quality material. With such qualities, these shirts are the top picks of many bad bunny fans.
What type of bad bunny shirts are offered?
Bad bunny t-shirts available on our site are very creatively designed using different graphic prints. The bad bunny shirt section has featured a huge number of various patterns and styles to design the items. Most of the shirts offered in this section come with stickers printed on them. Some other comes with feature graphic patterns of bad bunny. Some bad bunny merch shirts contain variously printed logos on them. While some shirts are designed by printing bad bunny face stickers on them. In short, the bad bunny shirt section has all these great variations to please the fans.
Material and fabric of bad bunny t-shirts
Bad bunny shirts are the best durable and comfy tees that provide ultimate comfort to the wearer. A clothing item’s comfort factor depends on the fabric and material used to manufacture it. If there’s no usage of pure and quality material, then the apparel is not comfy at all. But we know that the customer’s choice is always the best comfy apparel. So we use a mixture of pure cotton and polyester in the making of these bad bunny shirts as it is the best suitable summer wear fabric. Bad bunny shirts maintain your style and give you all the vibes to spend your time in the best way whenever you are out in the scorching heat.
Variety of colors and sizes
Bad bunny t-shirts come in huge variations i.e. available in so many sizes and colors. Bad bunny merch has sorted a collection of shirts with all the trendy colors. You can shop for bad bunny shirts in colors like red, black, grey, pink, white, and many others. Visit the bad bunny t-shirt section and shop for customized shirts at badbunnymerch.shop in any color of your choice.
On the other hand, the size options available for bad bunny shirts are also amazing. Bad bunny’s fans of any age group can now get his personalized merch products in their perfect suitable size from our merch. Because bad bunny shirts are available in 7 to 8 different sizes.
Available discounts
Bad bunny merch charges a very ideal price for bad bunny t-shirts. Our bad bunny merch is inexpensive and all the products are available within the standard price range. But still, if you can’t afford that price you can avail of our amazing discounts. We have put different discounts on different products of bad bunny shirt section. Mostly, bad bunny t-shirts come with 50% OFF. So, check them out and shop for the perfect bad bunny shirt for your closet.United States and Canada
Overview compare the culture of the United States against the culture of the country you chose in Milestone One to show how doing business can be very different from one country to another.
Prompt criteria:
- Basic Country Facts: Identify government types, languages, and religions for both countries.
- Business Etiquette: Identify common business etiquette in both countries (e.g., common greetings, differences in communication toward men and women, negotiating styles, and acceptable business attire).
- Tips for Doing Business: Identify three tips you would give to individuals doing business in the non-U.S. country you selected. Tips could be about behaviors to avoid (e.g., items as innocent as posture or body language or attitudes regarding punctuality or approaches to business).
- Cultural Dimensions: Identify and examine the six dimensions in the Hofstede model of national culture for both countries.
- Conclusions: Conclude how doing business in your new country will differ from doing business in the United States.Creation Care
Though there is continued argument whether humankind has truly brought about climate change and the effects of global warming, most evangelicals agree that stewardship of God’s creation is a biblical principle. When it comes to how that environmental stewardship should be executed, however, disagreement abounds.
Featured Articles
We care for the environment precisely because God will create a new earth.
Why the work of Christ makes all the difference in our care of creation.
Evangelical environmentalists press to add creation care to the church's mission.
- UK Christians Walk 750 Miles to Urge Action on Climate ChangeHeaded to UN meeting in Glasgow, creation care advocates talk about what churches can do and what they are doing.
- Jesus Loves the Brown Pop-Eyed Atewa Slippery FrogIn Ghana, the church is at the center of a bold new conservation effort.
- Evangelicals Endorse Unprecedented Ecumenical Plea for the EnvironmentAhead of a UN climate summit, Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican leaders jointly promote a “Season of Creation.”简体中文繁體中文
- God Uses Changing Climates to Change SocietiesIn the Bible and in history, crises in creation can lead to reformation.
- Why Environmental Destruction Is Bad for WorshipWhen we destroy God’s creation, we can no longer hear its call to awe.PortuguêsFrançais
- Don’t Pack Away the Dinnerware During COVID-19Even in our small circles, when we practice hospitality, we foreshadow God’s coming kingdom.español
- Creation Care Movement Takes Action with Solar Panels and PetitionsEvangelicals concerned for the environment make strides toward change.
- Why We Get Up in the Morning Shouldn’t Differ from Sunday to MondaySteven Garber envisions lives marked by greater coherence between our deepest commitments and our everyday cares.
- Mars Mission: Filling the Earth and BeyondOur cosmic calling and the creatures we take with us.
- How God’s Glory Shines in Our Connectedness to NatureWhen considering the birds, we find God’s care and discover our calling.
” These 1970’s French Provincial nightstands had been passed down to my client and as much as she loved them she was ready for a new look. She chose our Polished Driftwood finish for this set which was the perfect finish to modernize their look and highlight their details. Love how these turned out and I can’t wait to use this finish again soon! “
Looking for a place to vacation that's close to home? Consider Savannah, because it has been named one of the top cities in the country by Travel and Leisure.
"Every year for our World's Best Awards survey, T+L asks readers to weigh in on travel experiences around the globe — to share their opinions on the top cities, islands, cruise ships, spas, airlines, and more," the site said.
And this year was no different as editors determined the 2017 results by asking its readers to rate cities on sights and landmarks, culture, cuisine, friendliness, shopping, and overall value.
»RELATED: Savannah voted one of the top travel destinations for 2017
Savannah topped the list at No. 3, while Charleston and Sante Fe took first and second place, respectively.
The Georgia city was just one of many Southern regions to make the list. In fact, the South dominated, overall. Eight of the top 15 from the area earned a spot including Williamsburg, Asheville, San Antonio and Nashville.
Festivals were also a common theme. Surveyors praised Austin’s SXSW and New Orleans’ Mardi Gras as must-see events.
Want to know how other areas fared? Check out the full list below.
»RELATED: Two Georgia shops among the best in the South, one takes top honors
About the Authorlong comfortable pajama pants.
cute colorful prints.
pair it with a plain top for a wonderful sleeping set.
with inner tie cord and elasticated waist.
Material: 65% Cotton, 35% Polyester.
View size Guide.
Attention: colors are a bit fader than the photos as the printed cotton cannot be 100 % saturated.Fleece Bed Sheets – The Option To Flannel
Nowadays, practically all reasons you can’t start a garden are not valid. Learning how to make raised bed vegetable garden would make it possible for anyone to grow their own veggies right in their own lawn. Which’s exactly what many people intent on living the healthy lifestyle has actually been doing nowadays.
There are 2 different set generally available, the Queen and King. The fantastic thing about this set is that it includes several items. First off, the My Hero College Duvet Cover Set is crafted from polyester and rayon, with polyester filling. These are excellent products for a bed set. The things often included with the set are a striped comforter, two shams, a bed skirt, and two pillows of an ornamental nature.
If you wish to design your own flag bed cover set, try to find customized services online. The way these services work is simple. Just provide the website with the style you want and they will produce it. In some sites, you can select from among their design templates and modify it.
Soft tonneaus been available in a variety of styles: snap, snap-less, roll-up, tri-folding and hinged. The most affordable soft covers are the breeze and snap-less tonneaus with a vinyl tarp. These offer a low-cost resolution in great or extreme weather condition conditions. However, a few of the snap-less covers have a J-lip style sealing system that is difficult to link throughout icy or snowy weather. Roll-up soft tonneaus are simpler to establish and have a nice firm fit. Since they can be sealed down keeping your valuables out of sight from thieves, they also include defense.
Numerous a times both these sheets-Fitted sheet & Flat sheet -are utilized together (specially in hotels), Flat sheet on top of Fitted sheet for better bed mattress protection & convenience.
You ought to also check the price of the site. How does it compare with the others? No matter where you are purchasing, constantly examine the return policy and any cash back assurance.
If you are patient and don’t hurry things, you can produce terrific end outcome by following a terrific set of bunk bed strategies. You will feel a great sense of accomplishment at doing this yourself while conserving money while doing so. and fill the Nomination Instructions and Form.
2021 AWARD RECIPIENTS
This year's award recipients for the three awards are:
- Dr. Yanying Zhu, University of California, Santa Barbara, 2021 Gold Medal Award
- Dr. Patrick E. Hopkins, University of Virginia, 2021 Gustus L. Larson Award
- Dr. Wei Chen, Northwestern University, 2021 Charles Russ Richards Award
Dr. Zhu will be recognized during the 2021 ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress & Exposition (IMECE). Details regarding the award presentations for Dr. Hopkins and Chen will be announced at a later date.
You may see the past award winners in the History content on the Home page.EURO-MPs must reject proposals to fund new fishing boats if they are serious about preserving EU fish levels, London’s Green MEP Jean Lambert has warned.
MEPs will next week consider proposals to reintroduce subsidies for ‘fleet renewal’ under the EU’s Common Fisheries Policy (CFP).
But the proposals run counter to the very spirit of the latest revision to the CFP, which was adopted earlier this year, according to Ms.
“Specifically, we enacted bans on the practice of ‘dumping’ dead fish back into the sea to meet quotas – as well as adopting measures to increase fish numbers, and to adopt a more regional approach to regulating fishing fleets.
“But next weeks vote on the funding available in the to pay for all this risks undermining much of this progress by increasing the number of boats fishing in EU waters – threatening both fish levels and fishing jobs’ viability.
“We Greens would like to see a CFP that links fishing rights to environmental good practice – and these proposals will do exactly the opposite.”
MEPs will consider the proposals in a vote next Wednesday, October 23.The first carbon credits have been issued for solar company Namene Solar’s climate project in Zambia, which replaces fossil fuel-based lighting with portable solar lights.
Namene Solar launches our brand new solar light and head torch with a buy one, give one campaign. Occa’s features include 3 brightness modes with a maximum 50 lumens, a pulsing light mode and warm an
After a years-long partnership, the German climate solution leader will take over Namene Solar’s project business in West Africa.
Our SM100 solar lights have reached hundreds of families in the Philippines, to give them reliable solar light through the typhoon season, which can cause power shortages and blackouts.
Our team on the ground in Namibia are now delivering our solar lights to communities and informal settlements, as part of our countrywide carbon offsetting project.
Meet the team that powers our climate business. This week, we're spotlighting our Managing Director, Bernardo Lazo.
There are lots of questions about the different kinds of carbon offsets available on the market and how they work. So we've set out to answer them here.
Nam.Executive 2 Story on Cud-De-Sac - Huge Bonus Room at a reduced Price. By Art Welch, Broker (Superstars Realty) Executive 2 Story on Cud-De-Sac - Huge Bonus Room huge master bedroom at a reduced Price Move in Condition 15237 W Calavar Road Surprise, AZ 85379 Executive 2 Story on Cud-De-Sac - Huge Bonus Room Home Photo Gallery Virtual Tour Property Map Payment Info Request Showing Realty World Superstars br552311000 Office:623-882-8882 Mobile:623-687-7852 Website:Visit Website Price : $214,900 Bedrooms : 4 Bathrooms : 3 Square Foot : 3,373 Lot Size : 8,495 County : Maricopa Property Type : Detached Year Built : 2005 MLS Number : 4815552 click for more information and pictures Property Description Executive 2 story on cul-de-sac lot with 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms and huge bonus room. Formal Dining Room and eat in kitchen with island that opens to great room. Huge master bedroom with sitting area a... 11/08/2012 Comments 0On Friday evening, FC Bayern will meet FC Augsburg. Four players were allowed to leave the quarantine after Niklas Süle’s positive corona result. Joshua Kimmich is not allowed to go to the team hotel.
The 2G rule now applies in many hotels and restaurants in Germany. Only vaccinated or recovered people come in. After a tightening for restaurants and hotels, the rule is mandatory in the state of Bavaria.
The regulation therefore also applies to the “Maximilian’s” hotel in Augsburg, where the Munich residents will be before the Augsburg game (Friday 8.45pm, in the live ticker on t-online). That has hard consequences for the record champions: Joshua Kimmich, Serge Gnabry, Jamal Musiala and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting are not allowed to go into the hotel as unvaccinated professionals. When asked by “Bild”, a hotel employee confirmed that there was no exception to the rule for soccer stars.
How Bayern will deal with the situation and which alternative is available for the players is not yet known.Iron ore concentration processrock crusher mill. Iron Ore Concentration Processrock Crusher Mill. Iron ore concentration processrock crusher mill. iron ores are less rich and have a large number of impurities.the most disappeared twelve iron ore production complexes with mines concentration.Free Consultation
Iron Ore Concentration Processrock Crusher Mill Mining.Physical Concentration Iron Ore Flow. Open Access Recovery Improvement of Fine Iron Ore Particles by concentration for iron ore slime obtained from washing required before developing a suitable Visit Physical Concentration Iron Ore Flow. Machine To Crush Rock Into Powder..Open Access Recovery Improvement of Fine Iron Ore Particles by . concentration for iron ore slime obtained from washing required before developing a suitable beneficiation flow Ore characterization relates to physical, . Click.
Iron ore concentration process– Rock Crusher Mill. iron ore concentration process– Rock Crusher Mill iron ore concentration process XSM is a leading global manufacturer of crushing and milling equipment (iron ore concentration process) XSM also supply individual (iron ore concentration process) crushers and mills as well as spare parts of them.
Mustard oil mill machinery, gold,copper,iron ore crushers. low grade iron ore concentration equipment copper ore beneficiation equipment cone crusher conveyor belt.China Beneficiation Process Industry Iron Ore Mill, Find details about China Iron Ore Mill, Iron Ore Grinding Machine from Beneficiation Process Industry Iron Ore Mill iron ore roller crusher respectively.Crushing Iron Ore Machinery Manufacturers In India. iron ore crusher machine manufacturers and iron ore suppliers.
Supplier Of Jaw Crusher And Ball Mill Clarifiers For Crushing Plant 600 Tph Jaw Crusher Machine Chiness Manufacturer Puzzolana Crusher Price In Pune India Stone Crusher Plant Made In Turkey Cost Ccm Quarry Plant For Froth Flotation Of Gold Rumus Berat Alubit Ball Mill Ore Crusher Large Size Of Stone At Crusher Granite Stone Crusher Machine Process Of Crushing Ores Halite Rock Crusher For Sale Malaysia Mill Gold Mining Machine Germany Ball Mill Operation And Process Control Centre Discharge Ball Mill Jaw Crusher User List In Pune Pdf Small Mining Equipment Equipment Perfect Grinding Mills For Ultra Fine Grinding Velocity Cement Grinding Mill Cme Vsi Crusher New Type Us Sale Hammer Mills In Zimbabwe Mobile Cone Crusher Products Kefid Machinery Jaw Crusher Rubble Master In Brazil Crusher Mills Cone Raymond Mill Power Plant In India Rock Grinder Attachment In MalaysiaCart is empty
A statement pendant to show off your steampunk flair! This mechanical looking bird has collected little bits of antique watch parts, including real rubies! with a heart of gears and a wing made of watch hands, he seems ready to take flight. Artfully arranged and hand set in resin.. *Last photo is for scale only* Pendant measures 2 1/2” wide, and is 1 1/2” tall, excluding dangling bits Necklace is 18” long with lobster clasp Chain and bird are lead safe and nickel safe, vintage watch parts' composition is unknownaugust, 2019
23aug11:55 amPeccāvī presents: Colyn, Nina Hepburn / Ved Siden Af
>>IMAGE Hepburn for a night to remember as they both have their DK debuts. The supporting acts will be delivered by your Peccāvī residents; Only Ollie on warmup duty and Aja Gulris closing.
Colyn (NL)
His debut album “Binary Choices” is what made us fall in love with his dark and captivating melodic sound. He has since then released on labels such as Us & Them, Infinite Depth and latest Tale of Us’ label Afterlife with support from all the big players. He is for sure one to keep an eye on and we can’t wait to have him guest Peccāvi.
Nina Hepburn (DE)
Hamburg based Nina Hepburn is also on the rise. She is represented by Innacircle’s label Geistzeit and has played alongside names such as Adriatique and Innellea. Nina has a love for dark and mysterious soundscapes accompanied by energetic rhythms and we know she’ll deliver a banging set.
<————————————————
————————————————>
INFO
Entrance fee: 100,-
Wardrobe 20,-
Minimum age 21
We reserve the right to deny anyone entrance with no explanation, refunds will be handed out in the door.
HOUSE RULES
– No pictures or videos of any kind inside the club.
– No racism, homophobia, transphobia or sexism.
– No phones on our dancefloors.
– No touching without asking and no means NO!
– No leering, you may look but don’t stare!
<————————————————
————————————————>
We welcome all sexualities.
We welcome all ehnicities.
We welcome all genders.
All we ask is that you respect your fellow dancer and enjoy RIGHT NOW.
Our place is a space for dancers and we prioritize the regular crowd.
Time
(Friday) 11:55 am
Location
Ved Siden Af
Vesterbrogade 2b
Organizer
Peccāvī‘RHOM’: Where Are the Original Miami Housewives Today?
The Real Housewives of Miami gave viewers a peek into how Miami socialites live and party.
The original cast was a fascinating blend of homegrown Miami natives and South Florida transplants, which included the wife of a famed attorney and professional basketball player. Despite the major drama and plenty of spice, this arm of the franchise only ran for three seasons.
The first episode aired in February 2011 and introduced viewers to the unique South Florida lifestyle and the women who were part of high society. Only two of the original cast members remained as main cast members for all three seasons with a few dipping in and out of the “friend” status. So where is the original cast today?
Lea Black
Lea Black, wife of famed attorney Roy Black continues to have a presence on Bravo. She’s made numerous appearances on Flipping Out and is often a guest on Jeff Lewis’s SiriusXM radio show. She’s active on Twitter, sharing insightful political opinions.
Black also has her own skincare line. She also offered a nice discount on her beauty line during the quarantine too. “Enjoy 50% off select Lea Black Beauty and Skincare with code SPRING2020 at checkout on leablack.com. Treat yourself to this premium skincare collection today. Shop now at leablack.com.” She also continued to host The Black’s Annual Gala. Black was a main cast member for the entire series.
Adriana de Moura
Adriana de Moura and Black were besties, then they weren’t. Did the ladies ever squash their beef? They weren’t in the best place in 2013. “I pretty much felt like she sold out our friendship in order to stay relevant,” de Moura told Bravo’s The Daily Dish in 2013. “She threw me under the bus. It was very hurtful.” So hurtful that Adriana seemed doubtful as to the future of their friendship. “We’re working on it,” she added. “It’s just very hard because once that trust is broken…”
Viewers watched de Moura fall in love and get engaged to Frederic Marq. The couple put their gorgeous Miami crib on the market in 2018. They asked close to $5 million for the 2,795-square-foot Spanish-style abode. Like Black, de Moura remained on the series for the duration.
Alexia Echevarria
According to her bio, Alexia Echevarria is the “’Cuban Barbie’ [who] holds the pulse of Miami’s Latin culture. As the Executive Editor of Venue Magazine, Alexia spotlights the latest fashion trends as well as up-and-coming Latin film and TV stars.”
A big part of Echevarria’s storyline was the horrific 2011 car accident her youngest son Frankie endured. Her son was only 13 years old when he was in the accident, spent three months in a pediatric intensive unit and then three months in rehabilitation. Echevarria often shares photos of both of her sons and recently celebrated Frankie’s birthday.
“Happy Birthday Frankie!! You are my strength and my angel ! God has been so good to me . He gave you as my son two times. You have taught me that no matter what, we all can find new ways to live our life and be happy with it. You have made me a better person,” she wrote in a birthday post. Echevarria was a main cast member for season one and season three. She appeared as a friend during season two.
Marysol Patton
Marysol Patton was the Miami-based public relations executive who was looking for love during season one of the show. Patton eventually found love with French businessman Philippe Pautesta-Herder. The couple had a breathtaking wedding ceremony atop a snow-covered mountain in Aspen but divorced two years later.
Patton’s mother, “Mama Elsa” also became a focal point of the show. Elsa often provided spiritual guidance to her daughter and others on the show and had a huge fan following. Patton confirmed to Page Six that her mother died on Mother’s Day in 2019 at age 84.
,” she shared. Patton was a main cast member for season one and two, returning as a friend during season three.
Larsa Pippen
Larsa Pippen is the wife of former NBA player Scottie Pippen. Unlike the rest of the cast, Pippen lived in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, about 30 minutes north of Miami. She only appeared on the show for season one and a big part of her storyline was being a mother to her four children, who had some nanny issues.
Since leaving the show, Pippen moved back to Chicago. She told the Chicago Sun-Times that, “I feel like the people in Chicago are really grounded. It’s better for our family.” She also became extremely close friends with Kim Kardashian. She appeared on Kourtney & Kim Take Miami after leaving RHOM and is still pals with Kardashian today. Pippen only appeared on season one of the show.
Cristy Rice
Cristy Rice only appeared on RHOM for season one and was recently divorced from NBA player Glen Rice when she appeared on the series. At the time, she was a single mom of three children and ran a clothing store. In 2014 she rolled out her own swimwear line.
Rice’s children are now teens and young adults. She recently shared a family picture in November. “Where there is family, there is LOVE♥️
My Everything🦋 Grateful🍁 Blessed💯Happy Thanksgiving 2019,” she wrote.Your Ultimate Relocation Guide
October 13, 2021
The combination of low cost living, the great outdoors, and a stable economy contribute to making Knoxville an attractive place to live, raise a family, and own a business. Buying a home is not only affordable, but buying a brand new build can cost you as little as $300,000.
Stop struggling, and start living the life you always dreamed.
As a real estate agent, out-of-state buyers not only trust me to guide them through the homebuying process but to also act as their eyes and ears. You may be pleasantly and equally surprised by Knoxville’s rich history, education level, athletic programs, and affordable prices.
To get your hands on my curated ULTIMATE RELOCATION GUIDE:
Call/text at 818.472.4481
Follow for tips on Instagram @aimeeleelucas.After recently expanding its LatAm presence and casino games and software developer Playson has now agreed a content supply deal with gaming operator MaxBet Entertainment Group Plc for its Romania-facing online casino brand, MaxBet.ro.
Under the agreement, the leading gaming operator in Central and Eastern Europe (CCE) will gain access to the developer’s diverse portfolio of slot titles, including the wildlife-inspired Wolf Power: Hold and Win, 3 Fruits Win: Double Hit, and Legend of Cleopatra: Megaways, Playson’s first title to utilize the player-favorite mechanic.
Key market:
Courtesy of the new partnership, the Romanian operator’s online casino offering is significantly enhanced while the deal, which is the Malta-based slots specialist‘s latest within CCE markets, while further demonstrating Playson’s continued growth in the region and beyond after having considerably bolstered its content offering and consistently maintained an increase in its international footprint.
Sales Director for Playson, Blanka Homor explained in a company presser that signing with MaxBet is “a welcome step for the company” as it “occupies a leading position within the key market of Romania.”
Homor went on to say that the company’s “multi-award-nominated offering has continued to expand and improve in recent weeks with an innovative range of new mechanics and gaming titles, so we have no doubt that it will prove highly beneficial for our new partner.”
Prominent operator:
Established in 2002, Maxbet Entertainment Group LTD has grown to become the leading gaming and family entertainment operator in Central and Eastern Europe, with more than 160 land-based locations in Romania (MaxFun), Italy (Joy Village), and Belarus, including 8,000-plus betting venues spanning 50 cities.
Also commenting on the tie-up, Chief Executive Officer for MaxBet, Victor Rusinov said they are “thrilled to be launching with Playson, a world-class provider boasting an extensive and varied array of products which have been successful across the globe.”
He added that they look forward to woking alongside their new partner and “have no doubt” the collaboration will “bring a myriad of benefits to both companies in the coming period.”
LatAm growth:
Meanwhile, just prior to the latest tie-up, Playson announced a deal that will see Latin America-based platform provider BetConnections and its operator network provided with the casino games and software developer’s content suite, including such popular titles as Rich Diamonds: Hold and Win, Solar Queen, and Divine Dragon: Hold and Win.
The move within the LatAm region adds to the company’s further bolsters its presence on the continent and its rapid growth in the region, having secured multiple strategic agreements with industry-leading commercial partners.
Recent product advances:
In recent months Playson has also strengthened its product offering considerably with a number of successful game launches while also debuting its new Reel of Fortune promotional tool.
The latest addition to its integration-free suite of engagement tools, including Network Jackpots, “Free Spins,” Feature Trigger, and Network Tournaments, the feature allows players to collect coins by placing bets on one if the developer’s exciting slots, before making their way into the Reel of Fortune where they have a chance to win cash prizes.
Playson’s Homor said during 2021, they’ve gone from “strength to strength” in Latin America and partnering with “an advanced platform provider such as BetConnections is testament to that success.”
She added that recent launches such as the Reel of Fortune advance, in addition to a new user interface (UI), have taken their product to “a new level” and they look forward to enhancing their offering even further.Kavib Nappy Warehouse - Johannesburg - Infobel- nappies wholesalers johannesburg road agency ,Kavib Nappy Warehouse - TABLECLOTHS, DISHES, DISPOSABLE ITEMS (MANUFACTURE, WHOLESALE), Johannesburg, 2092, Basalt Avenue 18, TEL: 0118393..., South Africa, On this ...Opportunities - eTenders PortalUse the filter panel below to refine the results returned. Use the dropdowns to select options you need to filter on, and then click Apply Filters to refine the results. GOT IT, THANKS!
Home • MerryGoRoundUK LTD
Address. MerryGoRoundUK LTD, Unit 13, Twyford Mill Estate, Oxford Road, Adderbury, Oxon OX17 3SXContact SupplierWhatsApp
Kavib Nappy Warehouse - Johannesburg 🇿🇦 - WorldPlaces
Address 18 Basalt Avenue Amalgam, 2001 Johannesburg . Phone 011 839 3830 . Website(s) Categories Wholesale & Supply Store . GPS Coordinates-26.212,28.00492Contact SupplierWhatsApp
2021 South Africa: Johannesburg Labour Court, Johannesburg ...
Jan 07, 2021·Nkatingi v Road Agency Limpopo (SOC) Ltd (J793/20) [2021] ZALCJHB 30 (4 March 2021) National Union of Metalworkers South Africa v Naledi Rail Engineering (J597/19) [2021] ZALCJHB 34 (9 March 2021) Gauteng Department of Health v Malatse and …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
wholesale nappies johannesburg contact details information ...
wholesale nappies johannesburg contact details information website. WhatsApp Contact Supplier. Response time 24h; Response rate 99.9%; Ferrero South Africa (Pty) ... Lexmark South Africa31 Goldreef Road, Ormonde, Ext 32, Johannesburg | P O Box 4151, Johannesburg…Contact SupplierWhatsApp
A-Zee Babys World
12 High road Fordsburg Johannesburg (store) Woodmead Store-17 Waterval Crescent (Woodmead Commercial Park) Mon-Thurs,9:30am - 5pm. Fri-,9:30am-12pm,2pm-5pm Saturday, 9:30am - 2pm Sunday, Closed. Get directions. Accepted payment methods. 
Home - Elegant Travel Goods - "Importers and Wholesale ...
Unit 8, Benrose Industrial Village, 23 New Goch Rd, Benrose, Gauteng, 2094, South Africa. infoeleganttravel.co Tel: +27 11 618 1174/5/6/7/87Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Nappy Valley Bulk Disposable Nappies - Local Infobel.ZA
Nappy Valley Bulk Disposable Nappies - TABLECLOTHS, DISHES, DISPOSABLE ITEMS (MANUFACTURE, WHOLESALE), Roodepoort, 1709, Goldman Street 128, TEL: 0116723..., South Africa, On this page : Nappy Valley Bulk Disposable Nappies, ZA100375716 ... Basalt Avenue 18 2092 Johannesburg …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Rainbow Nappies Home page
Tel. / Fax : (021) 591-1104. Rainbow Nappies, where your needs are met with quality. Cell : 083 714 4253Contact239.00. at 3 shops View 3 Offers Add to compare R259.95Contact SupplierWhatsApp
baby nappies wholesale south africa contact details ...
Nappy Factory Shop - Baby Nappies, Adult Diapers ...- baby nappies wholesale south africa contact details johannesburg ,South Africa View our range of Manual Wheelchairs, Electric Wheelchairs, an exciting range of Mobility Scooters, Walkers, and Bath/Toilet Aids are specifically designed for you.Affordable comfort, to move …Rainbow Nappies Home pageTel.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
nappies in bulk johannesburg contact details harare zimbabwe
BM Tirkasso Wholesale & Retail, 183 Rahima Mossa Street ... 21/10/2020 📣The Big Sale Continues on selected items while stock lasts, Get Yours Now! Don’t Miss Out!! Available BM TIRKASSO INC. Our only shop *Address* 183 Rahima Moosa St. Cavendish Building, Johannesburg …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Johannesburg Roads Agency - Company documents
We endeavour to make all relevant information and services transparent and accessible to the public. You will find our Business Plans, Annual Reports, our Strategies that involve all our stakeholders, governance and compliance policies and information as well as documents from the Johannesburg …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
With branches in Durban, Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth and Cape Town. Our aim is to cater for all your stationery needs. Contact us for a quote today.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Kavib Nappy Warehouse - Johannesburg - Infobel
Kavib Nappy Warehouse - TABLECLOTHS, DISHES, DISPOSABLE ITEMS (MANUFACTURE, WHOLESALE), Johannesburg, 2092, Basalt Avenue 18, TEL: 0118393..., South Africa, On this ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
PROMOLAB (PTY) LTD Company Profile | GAUTENG, Gauteng ...
9 WILL SCARLET RD. GAUTENG , Gauteng , 2194. South Africa. See other locations. Phone. +27-119191000. Company Description. PROMOLAB (PTY) LTD is located in GAUTENG, Gauteng, South Africa and is part of the Medical Equipment & Supply Wholesalers Industry. PROMOLAB (PTY) LTD has 50 total employees across all of its locations and generates $4.59 ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Nappy Factory Shop - Baby Nappies, Adult Diapers ...
View our range of Manual Wheelchairs, Electric Wheelchairs, an exciting range of Mobility Scooters, Walkers, and Bath/Toilet Aids are specifically designed for you.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Kavib Nappy Warehouse - Johannesburg - Infobel
Find reviews, opening hours, photos & videos for Kavib Nappy Warehouse - Tablecloths, Dishes, Disposable Items (Manufacture, Wholesale) in Johannesburg. TEL: 0118393... Search on Infobel for other companies in the category Tablecloths, Dishes, Disposable Items (Manufacture, Wholesale) in Johannesburg.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Johannesburg Road Agency(Pvt) Ltd | LinkedIn
Johannesburg Road Agency(Pvt) Ltd | 1,670 followers on LinkedIn. Roads rehabilitation for the City of Johannesburg, Management of roads in the Johannesburg area, Traffic management and network support. Storm water management, Bridges management. Follow us on twitter MyJra.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
nappy wholesalers johannesburg
Production Environment. Cooperation partner. Kavib Nappy Warehouse « Roodepoort Info- nappy wholesalers johannesburg ,Dusted Cleaning Services, founded in 2017 , is a leading house cleaning service in Johannesburg.We are based in Krugersdorp. …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Johannesburg Road Agency(Pvt) Ltd | LinkedIn
Johannesburg Road Agency(Pvt) Ltd | 1,752 followers on LinkedIn. Roads rehabilitation for the City of Johannesburg, Management of roads in the Johannesburg area, Traffic management and network support. Storm water management, Bridges management. Follow us on twitter MyJra.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
HOME | bsagencies
Over the Phone or Online: EMAIL: Infobsagencies.co. PHONE: 011 466 1367 - JHB. 021 552 5190 - CPT. 031 461 1221 - KZN. Address - Durban. 570 Inanda Road.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Tradekey: Global B2b Marketplace - The Biggest ...
TradeKey a Global B2B Marketplace Offering an Online Trade Portal with Over 9,373,749 Members, Making Business Growth Easier for Manufacturers and Suppliers.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
nappies wholesalers johannesburg usa face masks
Socio colaborador. Pampers Wholesale, Pampers Wholesalers | Global Sources- nappies wholesalers johannesburg usa face masks ,Source wholesale Pampers from 26 reliable wholesalers.Large selection of quality wholesale Pampers products in China.Face Masks | Clay, Natural & Blackhead Masks at ClicksShop for Face Masks at Clicks.Contact SupplierWhatsAppnews
TiFFist: Galas and Masters?
Galas
—
Well! The Galas themselves are an interesting bunch. While last year’s Galas included the likes of Ray, which went on to win, uh, I believe the scientific amount is ‘a buttload’ of Oscars, this year Torontoist’s hot tip for that kind of thing is probably not Walk the Line, even though Johnny Cash is a dead musician (I’m sure the academy is colorblind enough to not repeat themselves.) and the film looks great. Check out a trailer here to see how skilfully Joaquin Phoenix does the Man in Black.
Of course, Torontoist would be doing the city a disservice by forgetting about Toronto’s own David Cronenberg, showing A History of Violence, his new film starring Viggo Mortensen, which appears to entirely lack his usual stick of something really gross to shock the audience (remember when Madame Butterfly opened her kimono to reveal a dripping egg sac?!), relying on psychological horror to provide the thrills. Of course, some might say Viggo Mortensen’s face is freaky enough, which makes the fact that this gala is sponsored by ‘Handsome Male Models’ all the more funny (Sorry, Viggy.)
And, though he was born in B.C., we’ll give Atom Egoyan’s new film, Where the Truth Lies some props because he moved here at 18 and studied at U of T. (Though secretly, Torontoist has never been a big fan of his movies.)
Also showing are Cameron Crowe’s probably warm and funny and cool (or bland, depending on your opinion of him) Elizabethtown, Guy Ritchie’s ‘Let’s sweep away Swept Away’ Revolver, which will shock all by revealing Jason Stantham has hair, And Jackie Chan’s ‘NO MORE CHRIS TUCKER!’ celebration The Myth.
But Torontoist’s honest soft spot, and the one film it’s desperate to see, is Nick Park’s, absolutely cannot be bad at all, there’s no chance, Wallace and Gromit: The Curse of the Were Rabbit. After the tragic lack of decent kids films last year that resulted in A Sharks’ Tale getting a Gala (what were they thinking?) TIFF come back and literally rock Torontoist’s wrong trousers right off.
Masters
—
Masters traditionally show new work from the big names of cinema (those, uh, not big enough to get a gala, I guess) and this year is no exception. People who loved ‘The Last Waltz’, Scorsese’s magical concert film with Ontario’s very own The Band (If Torontoist are ever drunk and loudly singing ‘The Weight’ at you, please let them get it out of their system, it’s easier for everyone) may or may not be pleased with No Direction Home: Bob Dylan. Having just read (if you can call it that) Dylan’s book Tarantula, Torontoist are less than convinced.
A probable must see, even if the showings are early in the morning and Zatoichi wasn’t a patch on the originals, is Takeshi Kitano’s Takeshis, considered so unothodox when it was sneak previewed at the Venice Film Festival that the audience had no idea what to do when it ended. Audiences didn’t understand the languid though gorgeous Dolls, though, so Torontoist remains excited.
Torontoist also want to point out Alexander Sokurov’s The Sun, as it might get overlooked. Sokurov’s astounding Russian Ark, a tour of the Hermitage in St. Petersburg done in one single shot was a treat, so Sokurov’s steady hand inspecting the concept of Emperor Hirohito’s divinity during WWII infers a likely hidden gem of the festival.
And finally, for those of you who have been burned by the Brothers Grimm (Torontoist hasn’t seen it, so can’t comment on the controversy) Gilliams real film, Tideland, the curious sounding story of a inquisitive girl living on the praries with her junkie parents. It’ll probably freak Torontoist out the way ‘The Fisher King’ did, all those years ago when Torontoist was a mere nipper. Who doesn’t like to get freaked out?
Based on the Ampere architecture and designed to handle the graphical demands of 8K gaming and high frame rates, the ZOTAC GAMING GeForce RTX 3090 Trinity Graphics Card brings the power of real-time ray tracing and AI to your PC games. The GPU features 2490 is not just about high-resolution gaming. Computationally intensive programs can utilize the GPU's 10496 cores to accelerate tasks using CUDA and other APIs.
For cooling, ZOTAC implemented the IceStorm 2.0 advanced cooling system., allowing you to customize the color and lighting pattern, also in the ZOTAC GAMING FireStorm software.About
The Hawkesbury Canoe Classic
The Hawkesbury Canoe Classic is a fun paddle with a serious purpose. Each year around 600 paddlers paddle 111 km overnight in the moonlight, down the Hawkesbury River from Windsor to Brooklyn, to raise money for charity.
The Wisemans Dash, a shorter version of 67 Km finishing at Wisemans Ferry was introduced in 2016. This is a great introduction for newer paddlers, or a warm-up for returning paddlers. an excellent safety record, with the long-term health of paddlers over-riding any other considerations.
The first paddlers leave Windsor at 4:00pm on Saturday and pass 21 safety checkpoints during the night. The fastest craft arrive at Brooklyn in less than 10 hours, but the average time is closer to 15 hours.
The Hawkesbury Canoe Classic has been run since 1977 and is made possible by volunteers who put in hundreds of hours of time throughout the year, landowners who allow us the use of their land for the weekend and the paddlers and their support crews.
The Hawkesbury Canoe Classic has raised almost $4 million for medical research. The major beneficiary for this year's event will be the Arrow Bone Marrow Transplant Foundation.This column is the second of two parts. — Editor
Folks have been using the media for impression management ever since print was the only game in town. Even would-be authors knew about image.
Remember when members of the gentler sex adopted pseudonyms or settled for unisex initials to hoodwink sexist publishing houses into supposing they were men?
As many as a million radio listeners were duped into believing America was being invaded by Martians when Orson Welles interrupted dance music with mock radio news announcements.
His 1938 “War of the Worlds” radio play seemed so authentic that listeners were actually injured during the ensuing panic.
The Television Age also saw image manipulation on a grand scale — and not just by savvy politicians. In 1968, Andy Warhol famously said, “In the future, everyone will be world famous for 15 minutes.”
Arguably, Warhol was echoing the “medium is the message” theory of Marshall McLuhan. The communication theorist held that of all the existing media, only television possessed the ability to thrust the ordinary citizen (as opposed to the overachiever) center stage. Fame, however, was ephemeral — evaporating as quickly as it had appeared when somebody else took a turn.
Prompted by the rise of online social networking, blogging, podcasting and uploading to video-sharing sites, David Weinberger rewrote Warhol. His “Cluetrain Manifesto” version read, “In the future, everyone will be famous to 15 people.”
But is 15 enough? Probably not — if you are going to all the trouble of managing your online image. And most of us are.
A study conducted by Pew’s Mary Madden and Aaron Smith reported that 57 percent of adult Internet users have employed a search engine like Google to discover what information is available about them on the World Wide Web.
Seventy-one percent of those under 30 report adjusting their privacy settings to limit information shared online. That’s so grandma and future employers aren’t privy to what went on in Vegas. Ever.
Still, whether young or old, there is always the danger of a message intended for friends to inadvertently go viral. In 2011, Alexandra Wallace found that out the hard way when she uploaded a three-minute diatribe against Asian student cellphone usage in the school library.
While the university decided not to discipline the political science major and part-time bikini model, Wallace informed the Daily Bruin that her reasons for leaving UCLA, where 37 percent of the student body is Asian, included “the harassment of my family, the publishing of my personal information, death threats and being ostracized from an entire community.”
While Wallace only intended “to produce a humorous YouTube video,” the clip was eventually shared with millions via social media sites and email.
Question: Since popularity is the goal on Facebook and Twitter, exactly how do you maximize your fan base? Answer: Think positive.
According to Jonah Berger, author of “Contagious: Why Things Catch On,” good news usually spreads faster and farther than bad. “The ‘if it bleeds, (it leads)’ rule works for mass media that just want you to tune in,” wrote the social psychologist from the University of Pennsylvania. “They (just) want your eyeballs and don’t care how you’re feeling. But when you share a story with your friends and peers, you care a lot more how they react. You don’t want them to think of you as Debbie Downer.”
Berger and behavioral economist Katherine Milkman devised a unique experiment to test his theory. They analyzed the content of articles making The New York Times “most emailed” list.
What they discovered was that the more emotional the stories, the more likely they would be shared. In terms of specific content, while readers seemed to be aroused by both positive (awe-inspiring, exciting or funny) and negative (anger- or anxiety-inducing) stories, they definitely preferred positive.
Brain areas associated with social cognition tend to light up the most, according to Emily Falk at the University of Michigan. She’s a neuroscientist attempting to determine the type of thoughts that gather the most buzz.
“You’d expect people to be most enthusiastic and opinionated and successful in spreading ideas that they themselves are excited about,” writes Dr. Falk. “But our research suggests that’s not the whole story. Thinking about what appeals to others may be even more important.”
But there is a dark side to impression management as well — envy.
According to a study titled “Cyberpsychology, Behavior and Social Networking,” the more time you spend on Facebook, the more you will perceive life as unfair — since everybody else seems to be enjoying the perfect vacation, perfect family, perfect life.
This quote by author Jon Foreman recently appeared on Facebook: “Greed, envy, sloth, pride and gluttony: these are not vices anymore. No, these are marketing tools.”
Think about the Print Age again. Nothing much has changed, has it?The wallet app that launched last week will offer two months of free access to the wallet.
This is the first time that Apple Pay has offered two months free, and is expected to be followed by other payment apps in the coming weeks.
Users who want to receive money for their Apple Pay purchases in the future will need to log in with their bank account and use their credit or debit card.
Wallet says it’s working on a mobile app that can be used in the home.
Apple Pay has also launched a free trial for iPhone and iPad users.
Users who sign up for the trial will be able to send money for $5 to any one of the following addresses:An unnamed Starbucks, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Panera Bread, CVS, Rite Aid, Dunkin Donuts, or Walgreens.
This service will last until July 26.
Users can also sign up to receive cash and credit on their Apple Watch.
Wallet will be launching a beta program later this year.Join us for an afternoon of music, award-winning wine and relaxation.
Robert Sykes has been performing in the Washington, DC area for the past 30 years. Sykes puts emphasis on the classic American songbook and jazz standards. Featured in venues such as Blues Alley, Bohemian Caverns and the Kennedy Center, this ensemble never fails to please. Pack a picnic or pick up something from our Grab-and-Go-Food Market.Buro 24/7 Search
(724) articles found
Fendi's Serge Brunschwig on the importance of having fun in fashion
Kylie Minogue to play Glastonbury’s legend slot in 2019
Moschino to host co-ed show in Rome in January
Apple announces launch of Balcony Music Sessions at The Dubai Mall
Dubai is the only city in the world to get its own limited edition jumper from Tom Ford
These are the hair trends for 2019, according to Trevor Sorbie's Artistic Director Tom Connell
In conversation: John Varvatos on his new store opening in Dubai and going to Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra's wedding
The Burberry x Vivienne Westwood campaign has landed
Louis Vuitton announces launch of new heart-shaped bag
Nike opens its largest store in the Middle East
Five minutes with: United Nude Founder Rem D. Koolhaas on the brand's new store in The Dubai Mall
Buro 24/7 Middle East's culture guide: December '18
Chopard unveils limited edition Happy Sport Dubai
Live stream: Watch the Valentino Pre-Fall 2019 show live from Tokyo
Sergio Rossi opens first boutique in the Middle East
Zenith releases classic timepiece in a special UAE edition
Riccardo Tisci drops co-ed A/W'19 pre-collection for Burberry
Malone Souliers by Roy Luwolt introduces four exclusive styles in Saudi Arabia
Burberry’s new B Series drop is available at The Dubai Mall for a limited time only
Strathberry's Leeanne Hundleby on how Meghan Markle has transformed the business
In conversation with: Emirati designer Noora Shawqi on her debut jewellery collection
Bvlgari introduces new handbag silhouette for S/S '19

Market of Alluvial Gold Mining Machine for Sale in South In recent years the rapid growth of production and sales has meant that marketing overdrafts have escalated or some markets in South Africa need to be sold and even unfair commercial phenomena have seriously disrupted market order and rushed to the development potential of South African mining machines in the alluvial
Find gold mine for sale in South Africa View Gumtree Free Online Classified Ads for gold mine for sale and more in South Africa Our COVID 19 Community Guidelines Tips advice and news related to trading on Gumtree during the COVID 19 crisis ALLUVIAL GOLD PLANTS FOR SALE 5
SUPERMINER ® is a Portable Processing Plant exclusively designed developed and patented with the latest minerals processing technology by DOVE and supplied in various integrated configurations for efficient and professional Alluvial and Hard Rock mining operations
Henan Xingyang Mining Machinery Manufactory
Mining Equipment Macon Industries Inc began manufacturing Placer Mining Equipment in 2009 Working alongside industry experts we have designed a complete line of wash plants With so many different types of ground and production levels we can provide a machine for every scenario –
27 ensp Equipment South Africa Binq Mining 183 gold mining plant sale south africa alluvial gold mining machines the sluicing method of recovering gold is practiced where the deposit is of at least moderate size and water is abundant the sluice also called riffle box is a
25 ensp 0183 ensp alluvial gold mining africa in Perth Western Australia India Home gt Mining Equipment gt alluvial gold rock crushing plants for sale in Adelaide South Australia Small scale mining and particularly alluvial gold panning Click amp Chat Now
183
gold mining machines from Read more Inquire Now ore gold mining machine plant
Alluvial gold mining equipment suppliers autospeccoza mining
Alluvial Gold Ore Wash Plant Alluvial Gold Processing Plant Alluvial Gold Separation Machine manufacturer supplier in China offering Alluvial Gold Mining Washing Plant GL TROMMEL Mobile Type Gold and Diamond Washing Rotary Trommel Scrubber Mobile Alluvial Sand Gold Diamond Mining Washing Rotary Scrubber Trommel Supplier Price for Sale
Savana Mining Equipment Made in USA Since 1972 Focusing on providing engineered solutions and equipment for the mining and mineral processing industries Savana Mining will continue to provide a competitive range of innovative niche technologies process engineering services and complete mineral processing plants
Quickly find the best offers for Gold mining equipment for sale in South Africa on Ananzi Ads We collected up to 16 ads from hundreds of classified sites for you Alluvial gold plants for sale 5 We have new and used gold mining equipment crushers Washplant Mills Shaking
Max depth 915 mm Trench Width 155 mm Weight 180kg Size 1527x1010x895mm Brand new Mining Equipment The length diameter of
Gold Mining Equipment South Africa helip Alluvial Gold Mining Machines South Africa Price Gold Mining Plant Sale South Africa Alluvial Gold Mining Chat Online alluvial gold mining equipment south africa Gold Mining Plant Sale South Africa Alluvial Gold Mining Alluvial Gold Mining Equipment from South Africagold and diamond
11 ensp 0183 ensp27 January, 2016, New Delhi: In order to attract more sellers on to its ecommerce platform, Snapdeal’s loan card may prove a fruitful move to increase its business. One of the India’s largest retail marketplaces, Snapdeal is planning to give loans of worth Rs 1000 crore over next six months to its sellers. The company feels that this step will allure more sellers on to its platform and with that; it will be able to offer a huge variety of products to its customers.
To make the loan process smoother and quicker, company has omitted the lengthy processes such as documentation of financial statements and collaterals etc. Instead of that, it has adopted a first of its kind system called industry first credit rating engine on the lines of Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (CIBIL). The system automatically generates customer’s history and gives feedback by analysing his transaction history, risk behaviour and payback capability.
Commenting on the development, Vijay Ajmera, Senior VP, Capital Assist Programme, Snapdeal said, “There are similar credit rating engines used in Europe and the US such as Kreditech and Kabbage. This is the first time that such an innovative credit rating engine has been developed in India to provide cash to merchants.”
Company will be keeping the loan interest rate around 2-3% lesser than what online sellers would otherwise get from the bank. “Loans as small as Rs 30,000 have been sanctioned to help small businesses scale up from scratch. They aid our smaller sellers grow and expand their businesses. They even help them stay loyal,” adds Ajmera.Members of the public gather during a Covid-19 vaccine drive. (Photographer: Arko Datto/Bloomberg)
Coronavirus India Latest Updates: New Infections Fall To Lowest Since Feb. 2
Latest First
- Oldest First
Save
LIVE FEED
India added the fewest coronavirus infections since Feb. 2 amid receding threat of a third wave.
The country added 8,865 fresh cases in the last 24 hours, according to the Health Ministry’s update as of 8 a.m. on Nov. 16. That compares with nearly 11,971 daily recoveries.
Active cases, now at 1.30 lakh, account for 0.38% of total cases — the lowest since March 2020.
Key figures:
Total confirmed cases: 3,44,56,401
Total number of active cases: 1,30,793
Total patients cured/discharged/migrated: 3,38,61,756
Total deaths: 4,63,852
Number of fresh cases in last 24 hours: 8,865
One-day recoveries: 11,971
One-day deaths: 197
Vaccines administered in the last 24 hours: 59,75,469
Total vaccines given: 1,12,97,84,045
ALSO READ
RELATED COVERAGE
Covid Stunts U.S. Economy; Austria Curbs Unvaxxed: Virus Update
Stay Updated With Coronavirus Outbreak News On BloombergQuintYou benefit from a product-oriented design and support for a digital and efficient supply chain.
Kourtim offers you a collaborative tool dedicated to the management of land transport. Communication between your partners becomes more fluid.
Benefit from a multi-stakeholder traceability solution that increases your responsiveness and improves customer’s service quality, ensuring maximum delivery reliability.
Kourtim centralizes operational data from your eco-system (carriers, logisticians, customers, suppliers ...) on a single tool, allowing you to analyze and control your flows and transport costs.
Kourtim offers a transport solution, accessible on the web and mobile, and ready to use, for a simple and fast information sharing.
You hold a flexible and adaptable solution to all the business sectors: retail, food-processing, automobile etc. Our mission is to deliver you e-solutions transport relevant according to your activity.COVID-19
Dear Valued Hearing Care Clinic Patients,
We’re taking precautions to help minimize the spread of Coronavirus. You can find more information about what we’re doing by reading the following message.
There is no higher priority for The Hearing Care Clinic than the health and well-being of our patients and employees. We are closely following guidance on COVID-19 (Coronavirus Disease 2019) from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), as well as the Illinois Department of Public Health at schedule your appointment when you are feeling better so as not to put other patients at risk. You could also see if a healthy loved one could bring your hearing aids to the office for a cleaning. We recommend reviewing guidelines from the CDC on preventing illness.
- Dropping in can create a crowd in our waiting room. We urge you to avoid dropping in and instead call to schedule a time to get your hearing aids cleaned and checked or for any other needs. We will do our absolute best to get you on the schedule as soon as possible. You could also see if a healthy loved one could bring your hearing aids to the office for a cleaning if you don’t feel safe going out.
-.
Sincerely,
Nancy A. Congdon, AU.D.
Licensed Doctor of AudiologyLightSquares
DarkSquares
InvertBoard
Labels
Shrink
Grow
Copy
Why Tal played 1.Nf3 is beyond me, Keres hardly ever played the Sicilian, Maybe Tal was trying to play a Sicilian via 1.Nf3,c5 2.e4. After 1.e4 Keres might have played 1...e5 a closed Ruy lopez would most likely have been played.
Forcing Tal to play a positional game gave Keres the best possible chance to beat him. I mean why invite tal into a tactical skirmish!
Now *that's* what I call <CENTRALIZATION>.
It may not be a lost position, but he certainly gives White a good position out of the opening.
Keres writes, "This game was played in the last tour, five rounds before the end of the tournament. At that moment, Tal was leading by a margin of 2.5 points over me. I had therefore to play for a win at all costs in order to retain even theoretical chances of gaining first place."
After 11 Na4, Tal attacks Keres' bishop on c5, and Keres adds, "A new line, instead of the customary Rb1. With the text-move White plans to initiate the well known pressure on the c5 square after 11 ... Be7 by 12 Be3. Thus he would attain a position that would ensure him a lasting initiative without any danger of losing. Hence black chooses a different, perhaps riskier, continuation so as to lead the game away from the usual paths."
Keres retreats his bishop to b6, and after the exchange ends up with a rather ugly position of doubled b pawns and white with the 2-bishop advantage. There aren't many who would want to play black's position from move 11 needing a win against a strong white player. Rybka sees the position as .33 for White at this point.
Keres writes, "An essay at appreciating the position that has now arisen might seem at first glance to make it appear much more favorable for white than it really is. He enjoys the advantage of two bishops, controls the important d4 square, while his opponent's pawn position reveals marked weaknesses on the queen-side. But if one tries to suggest a plan by which white can increase his supposed advantage then one is pulled up sharp by unexpected difficulties. It becomes apparent that Black's position too contains various advantages that should not be underestimated."
Keres estimates that Tal's move 15 a3 is a mistake, "white overestimates his position and apparently imagines he can quietly increase his pressure in the center ... Something must of necessity be undertaken against the positional threat of 15 ... Bh6."
An interesting psychological study of how to play against Tal if one needed a win, which is a bit different than the game evaluation of previous posts.
Classical games: Viktor Korchnoi beat Mikhail Tal 13 to.Black Friday is officially here! 25% off site wide, and All domestic orders over $100 will receive
free shipping!
Cart
0
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total:
$0.00
Or View Cart
All Posts
DIY
How To
Spaces
Video
Posted on May 03, 2014 by Danielle Hardy
It's kind of a big deal when we get feedback photos from people and we get to see how they used our decals to style their spaces and homes. It's even a bigger deal when we flip through the latest issue of one of our favorite magazines and see our gold metallic heart decals featured. That's right!!! eeeek!!! in the latest June issue of Style At Home, we see how Holly from In the Fun Lane applied our decals to her daughters shabby chic room and we were so happy with how it turned out. The perfect mix of girly and ecclectic. Holly lets her personality and amazing DIY skills shine through on her home tour! Here are just a couple photos from Holly's home.
Style at Home recognized our decals as "an easy and cost effective alternative to wallpaper" and we couldn't agree more. Easy to put on, easy to take off and they look fantastic! Thanks so much to Holly and Style at Home.
Make sure to pick up your copy of Style at Home today!! Its a gooder!
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.Sudanese Congress Party official, students detained in Omdurman
April 29 - 2015 OMDURMAN
Activists of the Sudanese Congress Party in Khartoum demand the release of political detainees, 26 April 2015 (RD)
The political secretary of the Sudanese Congress Party (SCP) was detained in Omdurman on Tuesday, together with two members of the Independent Students Congress.
According to a statement of the SCP, Mastour Ahmed and the two student activists were held after participating in a mass activity at Soug Libya in the sister-city of Khartoum.
Ahmed had spoken there about his party’s rejection to recognise the election results, and announced that they would continue their campaign to overthrow the government.
Back to overviewOur Luxury Candy Scents are a perfect way to bring your favourite candy fragrance into your car. We use the highest quality premium oils, to ensure a long lasting, sweet like fragrance for your car journeys.
We have worked hard to bring you a car scent that not only smells amazing, but lasts 5 times longer than your standard air freshener! Choose from 8 popular Candy Fragrances!Get FREE Sample!
Only pay small shipping fee!
Get On The Fast-Track To Controlling Body Fat & Appetite
Cutting-edge Epigenetic Science
Today is the day, that you stop blaming yourself for weight gain and take control. Self-control is a myth! Self-control is dictated by the brain, and you can’t outsmart the brain.
That’s why diets ultimately fail – because there is no such thing as will power, and that’s clinically proven.
Your DNA Is Not A Destiny!
SCIENCE SAYS
SIP TO GET SKINNY
Clinical studies have proven that the FTO Obesity Gene is keeping most of us overweight and unhappy. If your weight has held you back from living the life you want, this “FTO Obesity Gene” is likely to blame. You might feel stuck and unsure what you should do next, but keep reading for the answer you seek.
GET SKINNY WITH SCIENCE
This “skinny science” has been in for a while. In order for your body to lose weight, you have to use maximum natural energy and activate thermogenic fat burning. It sounds simple, but it took science a bit longer to find the right way to address these issues. Dr. Ann De Wees Allen’s cutting edge science breakthrough holds the key to finally achieving permanent weight loss.
FEELING GREAT AND LOOKING EVEN BETTER
We have sourced only the top products available in the hunger management and thermogenic fat burning categories. You’ll look and feel better, have maximum natural energy, and activate your stress eating controls. We won’t call it a miracle, but it is the help you’ve been looking for to succeed on your journey.
Getting Healthy Starts From The Inside
Take Back Your Genes And Lose The Weight That Is Keeping You From Living Your Best Life!
Start Your Transformation Today!
Getting fit couldn’t be any easier, simply drink an ice cold glass of our delicious SkinnyGenex™ Peach Mango or Pineapple Splash two times a day. These two delicious and energizing natural flavors which can entice your taste buds, put a big smile on your face, and “Put the Skinny Back in Your Genes”.
2/23/2021
Hello, and welcome to our blog! I'm Sarah, sewing is one of my hobbies. My mom and I especially enjoy making doll clothing and run an Etsy shop titled Julie'sThreadedNeedle. We make many saint and nun outfits as well as historical clothing for 18" dolls. All saint and nun doll costumes are under copyright by Sarah Marie Willson and Bella's Boutique.
November 2021
February 2021
December 2020
March 2018
October 2017
March 2017
September 2013
March 2013
February 2013
December 2012
RSS FeedAccording to a recent study, people who only took five hours sleep a night gained two pounds in a week. Sleep deprivation can cause weight gain because when sleep deprived, people eat less breakfast meal, but more snacks. Scientists proved that lack of sleep slows down the metabolism by causing the body to burn fewer calories. Not getting enough sleep not only makes you feel tired but also makes you fat, a research suggests.
A number of studies have observed that people who are taking a sleep of five hours or less are more likely to gain weight and weight-related health problems such as type-2 diabetes. To reduce weight, you don’t need to follow any diet for weight loss or buying weight loss products. All you need to do is to follow a healthy lifestyle, which includes a sleep of at least 6 hours. This helps you in maintaining a healthy weight throughout your life.
Also Read: Healthy sleep habits for physical and mental wellness
People who sleep for five hours or less each night are more likely to gain weight because they eat more snacks. They consume more calories in the form of after dinner-snacks instead of eating healthy food items. People who take adequate sleep are able to reduce their consumption of fat and carbohydrate and shed the pounds. The findings are alarming for millions of people who are taking less than five hours of sleep each night. It has been estimated that about one in three adults doesn’t take enough sleep. During periods of insufficient rest, people take a small breakfast but consume a lot of calories in the form of snacks that are rich in carbohydrates, proteins, and fibers. A lack of sleep encourages weight gain by boosting hunger.
Science has proved that fewer hours of sleep can affect your waistline. Sleep deprivation affects your brain in such a way that it makes you eat more snacks. It slows down your metabolism and makes you feel tired. By sleeping fewer hours, you are programming your body to eat more and feel lethargic. Feelings lethargic leads to poor food choices like junk food, eating fewer vegetables and fruits, and drink more soda. The feeling of fatigues is often confused by a sign of hunger. You end up by consuming a major amount of calories, but don’t burn them through exercising because you feel too tired to workout, which results in gaining about 2-3 extra pounds a month.
So, next time when you wonder that the results of a healthy eating and workout habits are not visible, then be mindful of your sleep patterns. Taking a sleep of 5 hours or less creates a vicious cycle in your body, which makes you more prone to several factors that contribute to weight gain. The study states that the more sleep-deprived you will be, the higher your levels of the stress hormone cortisol, which cause an increase in your appetite. And it is not suggested that you suddenly become ravenous for kale salads or make your mood to take weight loss supplements or weight loss pills. According to the study, it takes a bit of willpower to choose the healthy salad over the junk sandwich. When you feel tired, you go for whatever going to be easy to prepare and what makes you feel better in the moment.
Also Read: Home remedies to fall asleep faster
Always keep in mind that a healthy lifestyle is necessary to maintain a healthy body. A healthy lifestyle includes six-hour sleep, which is necessary for performing daily activities of life. Taking sufficient sleep will promote a healthy mind and enhance your overall body function. Sleep helps you to get instant relief from fatigue. A lack of sleep also decreases your body’s ability to process the sweet stuff.Updates
COVID-19: Vaccine information and additional resources | Medicaid: The program is changing and you must take steps to keep your UNC Health providers.
Shetal A. Patel, MD, PhD
Assistant Professor of Medicine
UNC Health Provider
UNC Health providers are employed by an organization within UNC Health.
Specialties
Cancer
Accepting New Patients
Location Information
UNC Hospitals
On Public Transportation, Handicap Accessible
101 Manning Drive
Chapel Hill
, NC 27514
US
Phone:
About the Provider
Specialties
- Cancer
Subspecialties
- Thoracic Oncology
- Head and Neck Oncology
Provider Details
Type: Clinician, Researcher
Gender: Female
About Shetal A. Patel, MD, PhD
UNC Health Affiliations
- UNC Hospitals
Languages
Medical School
- University of Pennsylvania, 2011
- Honors: Member, Alpha Omega Alpha
Fellowship
- University of Pennsylvania, 2014 - 2018
- Area: Hematology/Oncology
Bachelor of Science
- University of Virginia, 2003
Internship and Residency
- Brigham and Women's Hospital, 2011 - 2014
- Area: Internal Medicine
Doctor of Philosophy
- University of Pennsylvania, 2011
Certifications
- Internal Medicine-Medical Oncology, Board Eligible
Thoracic oncology, head and neck oncology, immunotherapy.87 out of 5
(49 Ratings, 11 comments)Why Select US?
- Our high-quality workmanship is evident and apparent in all the services we provide.
- We have the experience acquired of long years of perfect hardworking.
- We are reasonable and stick to a budget and the dedicated time.
- For any service that we take on, we are with you from beginning to end.
- Our team of experts are extremely skilled and talented.BIOGRAPHY
Jinxx is an accomplished, multifaceted musician best known as the guitarist, violinist, pianist, songwriter/ composer of critically-acclaimed, Los Angeles-based rock band Black Veil Brides. Born Jeremy Miles Ferguson in Webster City, Iowa, he grew up surrounded by musicians. Picking up the guitar and violin at an early age, he studied classical violin and composition privately, and was playing in the symphony by High School. Deciding that he needed to be where the action was, he moved to the West Coast where he performed and recorded with numerous well known acts and had toured the world before joining Black Veil Brides in 2009. Jinxx currently resides in Southern California with his wife, Alice Mogg, and son, Lennon. In addition to his duties with Black Veil Brides, he composes music for film and television.
DISCOGRAPHY
FILM REEL
IN BRIEF:
Black Veil Brides (2009-present) - Guitarist, violinist, keys, songwriter/ composer
The Dreaming (2005-2009, with Chris Hall of Stabbing Westward) - Guitarist, violinist, songwriter
Amen (2004-2005) - Touring guitarist
Aesthetic Perfection - Guitars on "Into The Black" LP (2019), appears in video for "No Boys Allowed"
Dianthus - Producer "Worth Living For" LP (2018), appears in video for "The Unveiling"
Escape Room (Film) - Original score, composer (Lionsgate - 2017)
Marty Friedman - Collaboration, violins on "Sorrow and Madness" (2017)
Angie and the Deserters - Violin, appears in video for "Stay" (2017)
Pvsher - Live guitars, producer, songwriter (2017)
September Mourning - Violins on "Skin and Bones" (2016)
XO Stereo - Songwriting/ collaboration, production (2013)
Dee Snider - Live performance "I Wanna Rock" Revolver Golden Gods (with BVB - 2012)
Sebastian Bach - Live performance on "Kicking and Screaming and Touring" AXSTV/ DVD (2012)
Legion of the Black (Film) - Composition, score, actor (2012)
80 Proof Riot - Guitars, project with Jake Pitts and Chris Mora before joining BVB (2009)
Team Cybergeist - Guitars, online collaboration (2007-2009)
Various collaborations 2005-2009 - Guitars, violins
The Drastics (with former members of Rejects/ Murderdolls) - Guitars (2004-2005)
The Strain (with former members of Everclear) - Guitars (2004-2005)
Railer - Guitars (2003-2004)
Debris - Guitars (2002-2004)
Des Moines Symphony - 2nd Violins (1999)
Awards and accolades:
RIAA Certified Gold Record for single "In The End"
2013 Revolver Golden Gods Award - "Song of the Year"
2012 Revolver Golden Gods Award - "Best Guitarist"
2011 Revolver Golden Gods Award - "Best New Band"
2015 Kerrang! Award - "Best Live Band"
2013 Kerrang! Award - "Best Live Band"
2012 Kerrang! Award - "Best Single"
2011 Kerrang! Award - "Best International Newcomer"
2015 AP Music Award - "Album of the Year"
2014 AP Music Award - "Most Dedicated Fans"
Billboard 200 Top 20 Album (#14) for "Re-Stitch These Wounds" (Black Veil Brides - 2020)
Billboard 200 Top 20 Album (#14) for "Vale" (Black Veil Brides - 2018)
Billboard 200 Top 10 Album (#10) for "Black Veil Brides (Black Veil Brides - 2014)
Billboard 200 Top 10 Album (#7) for "Wretched and Divine" (Black Veil Brides - 2013)
Billboard 200 Top 20 Album (#17) for "Set the World on Fire" (Black Veil Brides - 2011)
Billboard 200 Top 40 Album (#36) for "We Stitch These Wounds" (Black Veil Brides - 2010)
Associated acts:
Endorsements:
For complete gear listing, visit the GEAR PAGE
D'Addario strings and cables
TwoNotes preamp/ cab simulation
Ultimate Ears In-Ear Monitor SystemThere comes a time in just about everyone’s life where suddenly every day feels the same. Wake up, get dressed, eat, work, eat, work, eat, rest, and start it all over again. Maybe you’re lucky and you get to mix… Read More ›
Tyler Hoechlin
Shout! Studios’s latest release “Then Came You” deifies love, not illness in their coming-of-age rom-com.
When a film comings along touting a relationship between a terminally ill character and a clearly healthy one, there’s a big chance said film is going to fall into a heap of expected tropes. Even a charming cast can’t save…lenore howard
An adventurous personality investigates new horizons.
I inhabited the world of Surrealism until 2003, using symbols to comment on personal, social and political experiences.
During 2004, my physical and emotional environment underwent a huge upheaval.
Accompanying this was a growing awareness of how to step aside and view words and actions with a different consciousness. Consequently my creative focus shifted to reflect this evolving spirit.
Without knowing where to go, I dived into pure abstraction with eleven works on paper and no perceived outcome. This was a revelatory encounter.
I had jumped off the proverbial cliff into deep water and have been sinking, swimming or floating with each new work ever since. Occasionally I land on a new shore, and emerge astonished with the destination.
An excitement for the unknown and unpredictable is the driving force.
lenorehoward_artist
Howard has had major solo and group exhibitions in Australia & intnl. group exhibitions. Her work is in the Qld Art Gallery + other collections.
Glitra Scarf
. Taking further inspiration from the mountainous peaks, a geometric short-row stitch pattern is knit on each tip of the rectangular scarf.
The remaining length is worked in a knit and purl stripe formation, causing the fabric to undulate like crisp waves. The scarf is worked from each end in two pieces and joined at the center using the Kitchener stitch.
Yarn
The pattern uses a Main Color (MC) and two contrast colors (CC1) & (CC2) of lace weight yarn. CC1 and CC2 are each held double throughout.
The sample was knitted with: Shibui Knits Cima in 'Tar' for MC, Shibui Knits Silk Cloud in 'Cove' for CC1, Shibui Knits Silk Cloud in 'Fog' for CC2.
Yardage
- MC: 485 yards/443 meters.
- CC1: 158 yards/ 144 meters.
- CC2: 356 yards/ 326 meters.
The pattern also uses size 11/0 seed beads. 288 beads each in Color 1, 2, 3 & 4.
(1,152 beads total).
Size
- Length: 75" (190.5cm), Width: 10.25" (26cm) after blocking.
Gauge
- 27 sts & 34 rows = 4”/10cm in 'Short Row Triangle Stitch' after blocking, on US 4 (3.5mm) needles.
- 28 sts & 39 rows = 4”/10cm in 'Striped Wave Stitch' after blocking, on US 4 (3.5mm) needles.
Always use a needle size that achieves the correct gauge.
PDF pattern download. Written instructions. Pattern has been tech edited.We had a splendid 4th of July yesterday – despite the rain (and by rain, I mean torrential downpours, thunderstorms and clouds all day). We celebrated my cousin’s 10th birthday – and America’s at the same time! We have been doing a lot of celebrating lately – and I apologize that this isn’t really a “wedding post” but I had to share. My ever-so-studious fiance just finished 2 more classes through Northeastern University for his Master’s and earned A’s in both (brag!). And last week, I was offered a BIG promotion with my company, while staying in the Communications arena.
I had to wait to make the announcement – which was tough – especially since I wanted to shout it from the rooftop! I applied for the job on a whim, thinking I really had no shot, it was grades above where I was, I had just earned my Master’s which they wanted but I didn’t have a lot of post-Master’s experience to apply, and I had just been promoted back in December so another jump so soon was not realistic. But alas, I had all of the qualifications and apparently didn’t sound too much like Miss South Carolina in my interviews.
I am so excited for this opportunity and all of the doors that it opens for me, and for my future family. Overwhelmingly, people have been happy for me (lots of screaming, jumping hugs in the elevators at work and tons of text messages), but I did have one person tell me “Don’t expect to be Top 10 again.” We are fortunate at my company to still get bonuses and those are based on your rating for the year. Last year, I was a Top 10 performer for the company and man, it felt good. Disappointing to be told that when I just got a “dream job” and am over-the-moon happy. However, since I’ve been reading Lean In by Sheryl Sandburg, I feel empowered. I feel excited. I feel like I can do anything.
First and foremost, I am going to marry the love of my life and spend 11 spectacular days in Aruba with him. But then, we can focus on our careers and figure out where we want to be before we start a family. I’m not the girl who wants to be a stay-at-home mom (nothing wrong with it!). I enjoy working, and I especially enjoy new challenges and opportunities. My fiance is the same way and while he is knee-deep in his Master’s studies right now, he is well on his way to his next opportunity. I can’t wait to see what the future holds for us.
The next 43 days hold lots of last minute details, DIY crafts and collecting of RSVPs. Counting down!
Happy weekend!Club Med’s adult-only Turkoise resort in the Turks and Caicos Islands is to be relaunched as a ‘four trident’ property for the all-inclusive operator’s winter 18/19 programme.
From May, it will be upgraded in the French firm’s version of the star rating system.
New additions include a new infinity pool, a new resort centre and bar, redesigned deluxe rooms and a diving school for guests to use equipment to explore the islands’ surrounding marine life.
Sales for the winter programme went live yesterday (March 14) with 15% off offers until tomorrow (16th) across 27 selected ski and sun resorts.
Club Med’s La Pointe aux Canonniers resort in Mauritius is to add 108 new rooms and open an adult-only Zen area with infinity pool and poolside bar, new family-friendly area with children’s water games, new spa and revamped restaurants.
The programme will also include flagship ‘four trident’ ski-in ski-out resort Club Med Les Arcs Panorama, due to open in December 2018 at the Les Arcs 1600 ski station in France. The resort will have 410 rooms, 24 luxury suites, a spa, gym, three restaurants and three bars.Oral Histories
Roger Bolton
Interview Segments on Topic: Characteristics/Qualities of PR Professionals: What characteristics of yours worked most effectively for you? Was it your ability to write clearly? Speak clearly or how do you get your viewpoints really across in that kind of general atmosphere.
Bolton: Again I think writing is the critical skill that I brought. But I think to be a good writer you got to be able to think clearly and express yourself clearly and so the ability to communicate orally also comes into play. But I think its understanding and having the appreciation for the complexity of issues, respecting a wide set of points of view, being able to understand and assimilate those points of view and look for common ground that really is the critical factor.
Interviewer: I tell you that’s a great story there in more ways than one. What qualities do you think the CEOs look for in someone who holds a senior public relations job?
Bolton: Well I mean the traditional ones of being good at the fundamentals of communications. I think they also look for a sense of calm in crisis. A wise ability to think clearly about difficult issues and the conviction to offer strong and sound advice, sometimes advice that they may not even want to hear. And you can sense when they don’t want to hear it. But you know you don’t throw it in their face but you have to kind of quietly and persistently be a conscious. And I think they want that actually and they look for it. And again I think some people are afraid to speak up and not say what they really believe and to say what they think is right and it doesn’t work out over time.
Interviewer: You have a wide acquaintanceship among the senior public relations people and know quite a few of them. What characteristics do senior public relations people have that are sort of self-defeating tendencies that they [inaudible]? What’s your observation on that?
Bolton: Well you don’t see it often, but there are some who seem to let their own ego get a little bit in the way and they start to become the story. Or to see themselves as being maybe bigger than they really ought to be. It’s a staff role after all and you’ve got to recognize that ultimately you’re not the decision maker. You’re the advisor. And I think it’s important to take that role on seriously with some degree of humility. But also with a centered calmness and conviction that is not, that doesn’t waiver from day to day and issue to issue.
Interviewer: Okay, on selecting people for your department, what characteristics and abilities do you look for?
Bolton: Well I look for several things and I think I would start with integrity and ethics. And you know we were just speculating a moment ago kind of off camera about how where does it come from that some people seem to have it and some don’t. I don’t know that I can answer that question. But I do think that you look for it. And particularly in public relations you have to have a respect for and a dedication to the truth and a willingness to say this is what’s right. This is the way we see it and we’re going to stand up behind that. I think you look for that. I think it’s one of the things you hire for. You also hire for sort of basic communications ability with writing skill being the single most difficult commodity to find and yet the most critical that you must have and so I look for that. I hire for it. I also look for and hire for strategic thinking. I find that there are people who are actually pretty good reasonably good public relations professions who are able to execute well but aren’t able to think critically and strategically about business issues and business problems. And for senior roles I’m looking for the latter. I really do want people who can understand strategic objectives and help a business think about how to accomplish its goals.
Interviewer: Well you’ve answered my next question because I was going to ask you if it makes any difference when you are hiring at the senior-level or an entry-level position. If I heard you correctly you no you look for pretty much the same thing on an emphasized strategic level.
Bolton: Yeah more emphasis on the strategic thinking at a senior level I would say. But you know what I want strategic thinking all up and down my department. Even at the most junior levels. I’ve got people who are advising businesses on important PR considerations. And if they don’t understand that business and if they don’t understand how to think critically about the business needs and about how to apply communications skills to help the business accomplish its goals. And at the same time be strong enough to stand up for truth and doing the right thing. And have a broad perspective on the need of constituents that person’s not likely to be very successful. People who are good at writing and can write press releases but sort of sit there and wait for someone else to say oh go write a press release about such and such aren’t of much value.
Interviewer: I can say amen to that. What about education experiences. Do you look for any particular type of educational experience either in new hires or senior people?
Bolton: I love it when I find journalism experience and journalism training. But I don’t necessarily think that formalized public relations or journalism training is critical to success. I think that experience is and if you’ve got a law degree or an economics degree or a business degree and yet you’ve proven that you can function effectively as a communicator, I think that that’s just fine.
Interviewer: I was going to ask you if you preferred any particular type of business experience or any kind of experience in addition to the educational and personal trades and I gathered that you were saying that you did to some degree like people who have financial background or something else. Are there other ingredients that you would add to that mix as far as prior experience goes?
Bolton: I’m actually pretty open you know. It’s always nice from an Aetna perspective if you can find someone with healthcare experience. But it’s not it’s not essential. I think talent. Strategic thinking. I think an ability to understand business and economic issues is pretty important. But we need a variety of people who understand consumers and consumerism and all those sorts of issues as well.
Interviewer: What would you do you have any way you would assess a public relations experience. If you put them on a layer I’ve heard you put journalism sort of on top and I wonder if you put public relations or advertising or mass communications if there’s any room for somebody. How would you rate those?
Bolton: I don’t you know what no I don’t think you do. I think you hire for what for the role that you are looking for. I mean if I’m looking for a speech writer or an internal communications specialist, it’s nice if they have some background in that. A media relations specialist may have been a PR person for an agency for for a company or may have a journalism background or both. I actually don’t like to hire journalists directly. But people who have a journalism background or training who have been in PR with an agency or another company are often prized.
Interviewer: You sound like an old timer.Top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India
Digital transformation is vigorously transforming today’s businesses and world at large. Imagining life or work schedules without Technology or say Internet is simply impossible. In this scenario with more connected devices and proliferation of Internet, cyberspace has become critical and cybersecurity has become crucial. Cybersecurity front strategies are today vital for every business and with growing startup ecosystem in India which are mostly digital –driven cybersecurity is pivotal. In recent years, the growth of startups in India has been massive and mostly they have succeeded because of technology.
The posture of cybersecurity today is so important that big and even startups designates a specific role of CTO (Chief Technology Officer) and CSO(Chief Security Officer) in their institutions. Cyber- attack has grown rapidly from last few years and for taking control on it, there are several well-known companies, which have upgraded its services for customer’s demands, and now startups are also marking its steps to control cyber-attack in the country.
According to the report, 24% of the cybersecurity startups have increased all over the world in the last two years and established presence in countries such as the US, Australia, Singapore and Netherlands. Given the importance of Cybersecurity in India today, here, we have enlisted top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India, their strategies and leadership in the Indian market:
Seconize
Bangalore-based Seconize is one of the top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India. It enables its clients to identify the risk posture and its impact to the business on a continuous basis. The approach of Seconize is to provide a holistic (across on premise and the cloud ) risk assessments empowering cyber security. Seconize with its cyber security offerings is committed to enable the decision makers have better visibility across all the IT assets, prioritize the remediation in order to reduce the overall exposure.
To know more, click here
Wi-Jungle
WiJungle, an Indian Cyber Security Company was founded in 2014. The aim of Wi-Jungle is to develop and market unified network security gateway to organizations across 25+ countries worldwide. It was initially launched as a completely Free WiFi service and it was the first Indian private company to do so. Currently company’s cyber security expertise serves government and private giants across industry verticals like Hospitality, Healthcare, Education, BFSI, Retail, Defense, Transportation, ITES etc. Its wide range of products in the cyber security domain has made its name in the top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India.
To know more, click here
Securitybulls
Founded by the best security researchers, Securitybulls is one of the startup in the cyber security segment due its expertise and research capabilities has made its name in the top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India. Based in Madhya Pradesh, the aim of Securitybulls is to design, implement and maintain an information security program that protect the network, application and data against unauthorized use, modification, damage and loss. This cyber security company is worth watching in the indigenous market.
To know more, click here
Threatsys
Threatsys is one of the leading cyber security brands which run successful security programs for businesses, governments and organisations plans. It is being considered as no. 1 Cyber Security Company in Bhubaneswar.
The achievements of this starup have got its name in the top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India. Threatsys helps to simplify cybersecurity by providing everything one needs to define strategy, identify threats, deploy the right technology and ensure operational readiness to protect your business.
To know more, click here
Appspicket
The aim of Appspicket is to provide advanced cryptography to solve real world security problems. The company’s capabilities in the cyber security space are worth mentioning. Its next generation Two Factor Authentication called I2FA (patent pending) is making adoption of strong user authentication a breeze. Forget the hassles of OTPs, Authenticator Apps, Biometrics and Hardware Tokens; I2FA is here to bring strong user authentication to everyone whether on the phone, tablet or a laptop.
To know more, click here
Secuneus
Secuneus Tech is an award-winning provider of Managed Detection and Response and security assessment services and also keeps a good market share in the cyber security space. By leveraging our understanding of the tactics attackers use to breach defences, in-depth knowledge of the latest security tools and a commitment to innovation, it ensures the clients are armed to continuously prevent, detect and respond to cyber threats. The reason of these fabulous services it is one of the top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India.
To know more, click here
TAC Security
Among top 10 Cybersecurity Startups in India, TAC Security considered as one of them. It combines the widest view of vulnerability and risk data across the enterprise to create insightful cyber risk scores by offering leading cyber security solutions. The power of artificial intelligence and user-friendly analytics helps you measure, prioritize, and mitigate vulnerabilities across the entire IT stack. TAC Security Enterprise Security in one framework is the next generation, risk-based vulnerability management platform for forward-looking security organizations.
To know more, click here
Kratikal. Kratikal is currently providing cyber security solutions to 120+ global clients belonging to different industries ranging from E-commerce, Fintech, BFSI, NBFC, Telecom, Consumer Internet, Cloud Service Platforms, Manufacturing, Healthcare among others.
To know more, click here
Block Armour
Mumbai based Block Armour is a cybersecurity startup focused on harnessing emerging technologies such as Blockchain to counter growing cybersecurity challenges in bold new ways. Block Armour was accelerated by Airbus and has built a next-gen Zero Trust cybersecurity solution designed for today’s hybrid and distributed IT environment. Its award-winning Secure Shield architecture0cyber security) enables holistic Zero Trust security for on-premise and cloud systems as well as connected devices in the Internet of Things (IoT) – all via one single integrated platform.
To know more, click here
Sequretek
Founded by Anand Naik and Pankit Desai, Sequretek is a cyber security company provides AI- and ML-driven technologies.
This cyber security company ensure that companies are armed against all threats, known and unknown; and drive down the cost of ownership. Improved visibility in the cloud means precise, actionable intelligence as well as more efficient and proactive management of resources – the best competitive edge enterprises require in today’s marketplace.
To know more, click hereCan You Compost Human Waste?
One of the world’s greatest mathematicians and physicists was Isaac Newton. Newton’s third law of motion loosely translates that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The pedestrian application of this law is that if you push someone, they will push back, or with every food you eat, you have to generate waste.
Every human, regardless of age, has to generate waste. The process of eliminating human waste depends on the region, seeing that some countries use sewage systems with others not being so lucky. However, is it possible that we can all use human waste to improve our gardens? This article focuses on human poop and how it can be composted.
Contents
Is Human Waste Compostable?
Human waste is compostable, although the composting process will differ, depending on the location where the process is taking place. For instance, human waste should not be added to the general home compost bin, unless properly managed. A composting toilet can do the job for you even if it is at home.
On the other hand, it is generally safe to compost human waste at an industrial composting plant. The main reason why composting human waste at home in your composting bin is discouraged is because of the harmful bacteria and pathogens that could be present in the waste.
To effectively kill them, hot compost is therefore advised and is primarily absent in most domestic composting bins. However, if yours is a hot one, go right ahead.
Human waste is rich in plant-healthy nutrients, making it ideal for growing your crops, especially as fertilizer or compost. However, it also contains viruses, pathogens and bacteria that cannot be effectively be removed by the standard home composting process.
This makes composting human waste using such domestic bins unsafe, for the process in general and also for the vegetables, berries, fruit trees and other edible plants. This is why a composting toilet is advised, although it also has its own rules about composting human waste.
Alternatively, use large-scale composting facilities, which have the technology and heat to process the waste at high temperatures for a lengthy period. The resulting product is heavily regulated and frequently tested by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to ensure bacteria and pathogens are below detectable levels.
Where the waste is approved, it makes for perfect fertilizer that can improve soil quality and reduce the dependence on chemical fertilizers.
There are expert composters who argue against using composted human waste on edible plants, primarily because of the small chance that dangerous bacteria are still alive in the human waste.
This is absolutely true and you should avoid using human waste or composted human waste as fertilizer on your edible plants, fruits or other plants.
The only time such compost can be completely safe is if it underwent a hot compost and all the harmful pathogens were killed in the process. The pathogens and bacteria can live through the waste and be taken up by the edible plants and end up in your system once again.
The only safe place to take the uncomposted waste, other than the sewerage system is burying it. if you have to use it, apply it to non-edible plants. Otherwise, simply wait for the fecal matter out then compost it, or take it to an industrial plant and hot-compost it before applying it on edible plants or crops
Can You Use Human Poop as Fertilizer?
Yes, human poop can be used as fertilizer. In fact, it has been used for a similar purpose for centuries. According to JSTOR, in eighteenth-century Japan, human excrement played a vital role in agriculture.
In fact, the potential use of human excreta as a fertilizer in agricultural fields can be an incentive for people to collect and treat fecal sludge so it can be used to increase soil health.
Unfortunately, prejudice and lack of knowledge have stood in the way. The application of human excreta-derived fertilizer (HEDF) in agriculture does not pose a risk of pathogens or heavy metals.
However, according to a group of scientists from the School of Water, Energy and Environment at the Cranfield University in the UK local regulations and perceptions can be a problem.
Dried human feces are high in phosphorus, potassium and some micronutrients. This is why human excreta has been proven to have a good fertilizing potential, providing essential plant nutrients as well as organic matter contributing towards building soil structure and reducing erosion.
Where the excreta is treated appropriately, like composted under the appropriate heat, and killing all pathogens, the poop will make for a good fertilizer that is safe to use for agricultural purposes. Unfortunately, not so many farmers or gardeners can prefer to use such bio-solids as fertilizer due to the prejudice imposed on them.
Luckily, since they have a positive effect on the soil, farmers might not discriminate on such a fertilizer. The major risk associated with using human poop as fertilizer is the potential disease-causing pathogens present in the poop, as well as the antibiotics, hormones and endocrine disruptors that appear in such manures.
Is Human Faeces a Hazardous Waste?
Human waste is not hazardous waste, although it requires additional care before using as fertilizer or before composting. Human feces can be classified as hazardous if it contains dangerous diseases and bacteria such as cholera, rotavirus, E Coli, pinworms, norovirus, hepatitis and dysentery, among others.
These conditions are dangerous and at times fatal, meaning the fecal matter will be a biohazard. However, human waste is not classified as medical waste so there have to be additional regulations on how such material is handled.
They also require proper disinfection by experts specializing in human waste clean-up because of the high exposure risk to infectious diseases. Failure to clean up such waste can result in similar health conditions affecting those cleaning the waste. It might also result in litigation in different jurisdictions.
Generally speaking, hazardous waste is any waste that presents a substantial threat to public health, or the environment. It is illegal to dispose of both hazardous and non-hazardous waste at the same landfill site in several jurisdictions, for the hazardous waste will affect the land, underground sources of water, nearby rivers and of course the environment in general.
Also, depending on the toxicity of the hazardous waste, it could be between dangerous and fatal to humans, animals and birds living next to or coming into close contact with the landfill. The most common items described as hazardous include certain paints, inks and pigments, solvents, pesticides, electric waste and vehicle fluids, among others.
Human waste, luckily, does not fall under such category, although a lot of caution should be exercised when handling fecal matter that contains bacteria or diseases like those mentioned above.
Rather than considering human waste hazardous, it is best to classify it as offensive waste. Offensive waste is any waste that is non-infectious but may be unpleasant or cause offense to those that come into contact with it.
Offensive waste includes condoms, urine, vomit, medical or veterinary waste, incontinence pads, sanitary waste, nasal secretion, sputum, and of course human and animal feces. The moment you meet with any of these waste, they will offend you and could be even so if you are a member of certain religions.
A common misconception with offensive waste is that because it is not technically hazardous, it may be placed into general waste as long as it is done with caution. This is incorrect and you should separate such offensive waste from other general waste and place it in an offensive waste bin.
How Long Does It Take for Human Waste to Compost?
The duration upon which human waste composts is entirely dependent on the composting process used.
1. Cold composting
This is the classic composting process and can easily be done at home. Here, organic matter is collected and exposed to weather conditions, usually at temperatures not higher than 40°C.
With such temperatures, the composting process is particularly slow and can be slower if either the weather conditions do not facilitate the process, or the contents inside the composting bin are placed improperly.
Composting human waste using the cold composting process will take months and pathogens in the fecal matter will not be completely destroyed.
2. Vermicompost
This is the composting process where earthworms are introduced into the mix. The worms can eat and digest 1.5 times their own body weight per day and since they inherently dig through everything, they are best suited to break down organic matter.
Unfortunately, fecal worms, even if the name suggests otherwise, do not like direct contact with human feces. Composting using worms creates a lot of moisture which can then drain to a certain extent. The worms also feel most comfortable at temperatures not beyond 30°C.
The method of composting fecal matter also relies on a neutral pH inside the composting bin. Additionally, urine should not get into the worm compost as the ammonia in urine can kill the hard-working worms. Where the process is done well, can take a few months, but a slightly shorter time than when cold-composting
3. Hot composting
Hot composting involves construction, rebuilding and reduction phases. The entire process can take about 20 days and is the sure way to kill all pathogens and eggs present in fecal matter.
It is the best way to ensure human waste is composted properly and can be used on edible fruits and food crops as the matter undergoes high temperatures of about 65°C.
How Do We Dispose of Human Waste?
Advancements in life have enabled us to eliminate our waste through toilets. Toilets are available all over the world and require enough water for proper running. Unfortunately, there are some areas where such water may be unavailable, there are breaks in the sewer line, or the toilets are unavailable entirely.
Of all ways to dispose of trash, human waste should never be disposed of with regular trash and should be placed in a separate waste bag.
In doing so, such waste can then be taken to the municipal, city or local composting facilities, that use hot compost and come up with compost that is safe for use on edible crops. You can also come up with your own makeshift toilet where you use a plastic bucket and seat lids.
There are also portable or camp toilets that can be purchased and the mechanism to empty them is easy once they fill up. Another thought is to look for compostable toilets which have a mechanism on how to eliminate or compost human waste with ease.
You can also look for commercially made waste bags that contain powdered absorbent and bacterial enzymes that break down human waste allowing the entire bag to be disposed of in regular trash. However, you will still need a bucket and seat lid for when a toilet is not available.The Royal Commission into Family Violence identified the critical role that schools have in creating a culture of respect, aiming to change Australia’s story of family violence for future generations. In 2016, respectful relationships education became a core component of the Victorian Curriculum.
Respectful relationships education focuses on building and promoting gender equity in relationships and challenging gender stereotypes. Teaching and learning about respectful relationships is an essential part of a whole school approach to the prevention of gender-based violence.
In 2017, Buckley Park College was selected as a lead school to implement this whole school approach. Our vision was to strengthen our culture of respect and equality across the school, with the aim this would filter out into the entire community via our students. Our efforts have been acknowledged and we have been accepted to continue this work as a lead school in 2020.
Over our journey we have embedded curriculum material across a number of subjects, established a strong working party to drive this work, conducted whole staff training on key messages, established a student voice group, led several partner schools to implement respectful relationships within their schools, hosted a number of student forums facilitated by our students, developed policy to support this work and our journey continues.
At Buckley Park College we see the importance of this work and how implementation of this content will assist our students to be a part of creating genuine and lasting change so that every child has the opportunity to achieve their full potential.
© 2019 Buckley Park College
CRICOS PROVIDER code: 00861K
CRICOS PROVIDER name: Department of Education and Training The Sponsor-ed GroupAbstract
For a general fully continuous life insurance model, the variance of the loss-at-issue random variable is the expectation of the square of the discounted value of the net amount at risk at the moment of death. In 1964 Jim Hickman gave an elementary and elegant derivation of this result by the method of integration by parts. One might expect that the method of summation by parts could be used to treat the fully discrete case. However, there are two difficulties. The summation-by-parts formula involves shifting an index, making it somewhat unwieldy. In the fully discrete case, the variance of the loss-at-issue random variable is more complicated; it is the expectation of the square of the discounted value of the net amount at risk at the end of the year of death times a survival probability factor. The purpose of this note is to show that one can indeed use the method of summation by parts to find the variance of the loss-at-issue random variable for a fully discrete life insurance policy.
The celebrated Hattendorff Theorem [6] in life contingencies is perhaps best viewed as an application of the result that increments of a martingale over disjoint time intervals are uncorrelated [3]. The purpose of this note is to present an elementary derivation of a version of the theorem. The word “elementary” is used in the sense that the key tool in the derivation is the technique of summation by parts.
We consider the model, presented in Sect. 7.4 of [1] and also in Sect. 5.5 of [4], of a general fully discrete life insurance on (x). For j = 1, 2, 3, …, the death benefit in the jth policy year is bj, payable at time j, which is the end of the policy year; the premium paid in the jth policy year is πj−1, payable at time j − 1, which is the beginning of the policy year. Let Kx denote the curtate future lifetime of (x); for simplicity, we shall use K for Kx. The insurer’s loss at issue random variable is
For j = 0, 1, 2, …, let jV denote the reserve of the policy at time j; also, define
the present value of the net amount at risk at the end of policy year j + 1. The version of Hattendorff’s Theorem that we shall derive is
Note that we do not necessarily assume 0V = 0.
Derivation: It follows from the reserve recursion formula,
that
where Δ denotes the forward difference operator. Applying (3) to Eq. (1) yields
Because
Eq. (4) can be rewritten as
with the definition
Thus, deriving formula (2) is equivalent to showing
Because \( \Pr \left[ {K = k} \right] = {}_{k}p_{x} - {}_{k + 1}p_{x} = - \Delta {}_{k}p_{x} , \)
To evaluate (8), we use the summation-by-parts formula,
Hence,
which implies
With \( {}_{k + 1}p_{x} \times q_{x + k + 1} = \Pr [K = k + 1] \), the series on the right-hand side of Eq. (9) is
because \( \rho (0)q_{x} = \varphi (0) \). It follows from (9) and (10) that we have derived (7). Thus we have presented an elementary derivation of formula (2).
(i) We were motivated to seek this summation-by-parts derivation because there is a rather straightforward integration-by-parts derivation in the fully continuous case [5, 7]. Let Tx denote the future lifetime of (x). The fully continuous analogues of (1) and (2) are
and
respectively. To derive (12), we apply the following form of Thiele’s differential equation,
Because \( \int_{0}^{{T_{{_{x} }} }} {{\text{d}}(v^{t} {}_{t}V)} = v^{{T_{{_{x} }} }} {}_{{T_{{_{x} }} }}V - v^{0} {}_{0}V = v^{{T_{{_{x} }} }} {}_{{T_{{_{x} }} }}V - {\text{E}}[L] \), we obtain
Hence (12) is proved if we can show that the expectation of the square of the right-hand side of (13) is
This is equivalent to showing
Equation (14), simpler than its discrete analogue (7), can be readily verified by an integration by parts, as shown on page 43 of [5].
(ii) One may better understand (5) by noting that \( \rho (j)q_{x + j} \) is the present value of the cost of insurance based upon the net amount at risk for policy year (j + 1).
(iii) Formula (2) is particularly useful if the death benefit, payable at the end of the year of death, is a face amount plus the reserve, because the net amount at risk is then just the face amount. (The face amount can be allowed to change from year to year.) Type B Universal Life insurance policies have such death benefits [2, 8].
(iv) As noted above, we do not necessarily assume 0V = 0. For j = 0, 1, 2, …, let
be the time-j prospective loss random variable; this is (7.4.4) in [1]. Then,
see (7.4.5) in [1]. Formula (2) is generalized as
References
- 1.
Bowers NL, Gerber HU, Hickman JC, Jones DA, Nesbitt CJ (1986) Actuarial mathematics. Society of Actuaries, Itasca
- 2.
Dickson DCM, Hardy MR, Waters HR (2020) Actuarial mathematics for life contingent risks, 3rd edn. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge
- 3.
Gerber HU (1979) An introduction to mathematical risk theory. Huebner Foundation Monograph 8, distributed by Irwin, Homewood
- 4.
Gerber HU (1997) Life insurance mathematics, 3rd edn. Springer, Berlin
- 5.
Gerber HU, Leung BP, Shiu ESW (2003) Indicator function and Hattendorff theorem. N Am Actuar J 7(1):38–47
- 6.
Hattendorff K (1868) Das Risiko bei der Lebensversicherung. E. A. Masius’ Rundschau der Versicherungen 18:169–183
- 7.
Hickman JC (1964) A statistical approach to premiums and reserves in multiple decrement theory. Trans Soc Actuar 16:1–16 (Discussion 149–154)
- 8.
Promislow SD (2015) Fundamentals of actuarial mathematics, 3rd edn. Wiley, Chichester
Acknowledgements
Elias S. W. Shiu gratefully acknowledges the support from the Principal Financialiu, E.S.W., Xiong, X. An elementary derivation of Hattendorff’s theorem. Eur. Actuar. J. 11, 319–323 (2021).
Received:
Revised:
Accepted:
Published:
Issue Date:
DOI:
Keywords
- Loss at issue
- Hattendorff’s theorem
- Summation by parts
- Net amount at riskHome Christian Louboutin Women Shoes Ballet flats Christian Louboutin Ballet flats
- Christian Louboutin Cloth ballet flats
Cloth ballet flats - Multicolour
0 $360.32
+$15 Control and authentication
36 EU
Good condition
Multicolour , Cloth
Pay over time when you select Klarna at checkout
Add to basketBuy at
Ireland, from the seller designer
Authenticity & Quality control
Details
See profile
Professional seller
Trusted and Expert Seller badges
Christian Louboutin Sonietta Flat Popi Fabric/Crossgrain Pink/Black Flats EUR 36 UK3 Packaging: Shoe box
General information
- Online since: 12/01/2021
- Categories : Women
- Category: Shoes
- Sub-category: Ballet flats
- Designer: Christian Louboutin
- Condition: Good condition
- Material: Cloth
- Color: Multicolour
- Size: 36 EU
- Location:Ireland, from the seller designer
- Reference: 13814884
Sold with
- Shoe box
Translated by GoogleRead moreRead lessSee originalTranslate
You may also like
You may also likeUpon leaving school in 1966, my father became a butcher and went on to establish SH Mills butchers in 1978 on the Stratford road in Hockley Heath. I too followed my father into the butchery trade when leaving school in 1990. I established my business in Henley-in Arden in 2005 where I thoroughly enjoyed serving the people there for 13 years, before deciding to combine businesses with dad so that he can take things a little easier. We both enjoy and take great pride in our product and butchery services, so do come and sample our produce.
We strive to source products as local as possible, providing it doesn’t compromise on quality. To ensure the tastiest food reaches your plate, we buy from suppliers that provide a high quality of life to the animals in that process. We make an effort to meet with food suppliers so that we can view this on your behalf. This meeting with suppliers allows us to bring speciality products into the store from time to time, such as ‘Saltmarsh’ lamb and ‘shorthorn’ beef..How Strong Is Your Pit Crew?
How Strong Is Your Pit Crew? I don't know if you've heard the news or not, but I am now a 3x World's Toughest Mudder Finisher! In November of 2018 I once again completed this 24 hour obstacle race with my girlfriend, Jess Chadd, by my side as my pit crew. This course is set up as a 5 mile loop with 26 obstacle on the course. Competitors of this race are to repeat the 5 mile loop as many times as they can in 24 [...]November 14, 2021: Thirty-Third Sunday in Ordinary Time
. . . Dear friends in Christ, Thank you very much for those who were able to attend our “Town Hall 2.0” meeting last Sunday. We had a great in person meeting at Blessed Sacrament and an online meeting on Zoom. There was further discussion and comments about our Mass survey and schedule. No decisions have [...]Episode 5: Religion, Education, Democracy, Health, Technology - It's All Upside Down
Manage episode 287952989 series 2846139
In today's episode I share things we believe as a society, which turn out to be completely upside-down! It seems we believe something to be one way but in reality, it is exactly the other way around! We've been calling the "black" - "white" and the "white" - "black" for centuries, even millennia.... Listen to hear the surprising point of view of the masters and teachers from the Akashic records on the topics of "sin", "school system", democracy and countries", "technology", and "health". I hope you enjoy this episode and it broadens your view and life's perspective! Feel free to email me questions on any topic you might have, and I will be happy to answer them in one of the next podcast episodes: the show ()
9 פרקיםDisclaimer
The use of the tenwolde. Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. ("Tenwolde") reserves the right to modify or change the Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to you. Please visit this page periodically to review the terms of your use.
Use Restrictions
Unless you are an authorized Tenwolde Transport en Repair B. Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content that you download from this Website.
Proprietary Rights
The Tenwolde Transport en Repair B Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. or its parent or affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their right to Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. and international copyright laws.
Disclaimers
Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. provides all Content on this Website as is without warranties of any kind, either express or implied including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. does not represent or warrant that this Website will be accessible without interruption or that this Website is free from errors, defects, design flaws or omissions or from viruses or other harmful components.
Limitations of Liability
Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. or any third party who helped create, produce or deliver the site are not liable for any damage you may suffer when you use it. In particular, Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. is not liable for direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of the site.
Modification of Content
Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. does not guarantee that the information contained on this Website will not contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions. Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. reserve the right to correct any error, inaccuracy or omission or to change or update the Content without prior notice to you.
Links to Third Party Websites
This Website may contain links to other sites that are neither owned nor operated by Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. (although some such sites may have an affiliation with Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V.). Such links are provided for your convenience only. Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. makes no representations whatsoever about any linked sites which you access through this Website, as Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V.
Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. reserves the right to change the Terms and Condition and anything else on the Website at any time. All website design, graphics, text selections arrangement, and software are Copyright 2006, Tenwolde Transport en Repair B.V. All rights reserved.
Concept and realisation
This website was conceived and realised by internetbureau Atlantis Creative.Carolwood Estates Homes For Sale
1 results returned
Search Results
Price $850,000
Listing ID: 917472
Price/SqFt: 271.05
Status: Active
Bedrooms: 3
Total Baths: 2.2
Full Baths: 2
Partial Baths: 2
SqFt: 3,136
Acres: 1.080
Subdivision: CAROLWOOD ESTATES NO 6 REPLAT
Don't miss out on this beautiful home Located in sought after Carolwood Estates situated on 1.08 acres This beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 full Bathrooms, 2 half bathrooms, office/den, 3 car garage( over 1100 sq ft), Pool home. This home offers vaulted ceilings throughout, living, family,formal dining area, beautiful updated Kitchen with breakfast nook overlooking screened in pool with spa, huge Master bedroom with large master bathroom to include his and her sinks, a large walk in shower and<<It took help from airport security, tourist police officers, Saku police officers, and Phuket International Airport staff members to stop South Korean passenger Steve Cho, 27, from wreaking havoc throughout the terminal.
A letter that the Phuket International Airport issued explains that Steve, who has an American passport, was waiting to fly to Incheon when he stripped off his clothes and began walking through the terminal naked, breaking valuables in the airport shops.
By the time officers and staff members tried to calm him down, Steve started throwing his feces at security and other passengers.
After some time, the officers were able to control the situation enough to arrest and transport him to the airport’s tourist center.
According to the Phuket International Airport, “When he regained his composure [at the airport’s tourist center] he admitted that he took too many Viagra pills and lost consciousness. He accepted responsibility to reimburse for any damages that he caused.”
His flight was canceled so that Saku Police could take him down to the station to investigate. Later he was transported to a local hospital for further medical and mental examinations.Explore CAAMA
CAAMA Filter
Click filter name to remove
- Clear All
- National Museum of African American History and Culture only
- online-visual-material: true
- topic: "Business"
- place: "North and Central America"
- name:"Reeves, Mae"
- unit-code: ("NMAAHC")
- set-name: "Media Arts-Photography"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Audio Recordings"
- set-name: "Media Arts-Film and Video"
- date: "1970s"
- place: "Philadelphia"
- object-type: "Portraits"Alloy Steel Seamless Pipe(id:10972963). Buy China Alloy China Api Steel Pipe, Api Steel Pipe Manufacturers High Quality API 5L Carbon Seamless Steel Pipe (A106 A53 ST35.8 ST37 ST52 S275 S355) FOB Price:US $ 500-550 / Ton. Min. Order:8 Tons. Type:Seamless. Technique:Cold Rolled.
China Seamless Stainless Steel Pipe/Tube - China S. S
China Seamless Stainless Steel Pipe/Tube, Find details about China S. S. Seamless Pipe, S.S Tube from Seamless Stainless Steel Pipe/Tube - Wenzhou Jiangnan Steel Pipe Manufacturing Co., Ltd. China Seamless, Seamless Manufacturers, Suppliers, Price Hot DIP Hollow Gi Ms Round /Welded/Square Pipe/Line Pipe/Carbon/Seamless Steel Pipe for Oil and Gas/BS7 Steel Pipe/Zinc Pipe Price FOB Price:US $ 600-900 / Ton Min. Order:15 Tons precision seamless steel pipe for industry Price in China
Industrial Seamless Steel Pipes Market in India Market
Trends, opportunities and forecast in industrial seamless steel pipe market to 2025 by end use industry (power generation, petrochemical, automotive, industrial processing plant, and others), process (hot finished seamless pipe and cold finished seamless pipe), diameter (small diameter pipes (up to 12 inches) and large diameter pipes (12 inches and above)), and pressure rating (high, medium Kor Steel Pipe Co., Ltd. , Korea , Minerals & MetallurgyBusiness Type:Manufacturer. Main Products:Spiral Steel Pipe, ERW Steel Pipe, Seamless Steel Pipe, Coating Steel Pipe, OTCG Casing, Tubing, Line Pipe, Pipe Fitting, Shaped Tube, Location:Gyeonggi-do. Year Established:1995. Number Of Employess:101 - 500. Total Revenue:USD 2,000,001 - Linyi Sanyuan Steel Pipe Co , China , Minerals LINYI SANYUAN STEEL PIPE INDUSTRY CO.,LTD Located at LINYI city,SHANDONG province,it founded in 2005,is a mill specialized in producing carbon and alloy seamless steel pipes.The company covers area of 180,000 square meters,with annual capacity of 200,000 tons cold drawn seamless tube and alloy seamless steel tube,size arrange from OD10mm up to OD219mm and wall thickness from
Minerals & Metallurgy Suppliers & Manufacturers - Page 16
Best, Hunan, China HONOR GROUP CO., LTD Minerals & Metallurgy Suppliers & Manufacturers - Page 2ShangHai ShengQiu Materials Co., Ltd is a Chinese professional manufacturer of steel pipes, stockist & exporter pipes and coils. Products including carbon pipe (seamless pipe/welded pipe),stainless stainless pipe), casing pipe, line boiler alloy galvanized hollow section, pipe fitting, coil the . Address:No.111 LuXiang Road Shanghai China. Minerals & Metallurgy Suppliers & Manufacturers - Page 5Hebei Borun Steel Trade Co. is an experienced manufacturer & exporter of OCTG Pipes, Seamless Hollow Section, Galvanized Pipes in China, which located Cangzhou, a well-known City China. It near to Beijing and Tianjin the north, neighboring Huanghua port east. With unique location, transportation .
STEEL TUBES & PIPES SECTOR REPORT
contents executive summary 01-02 steel tubes & pipes sector 03-08 welspun corp 09-13 maharashtra seamless 15-19 psl 21-24 man industries 25-28 apl apollo tubes ltd. 29-34 ratnamani metals & tubes ltd. Shandong Power Steel Pipe Industry Co. , China Business Type:Manufacturer. Main Products:Steel Pipe, Seamless Steel Pipe, Boiler Tube, Carbon Steel Pipe, Seamless Carbon Steel Pipe, Stainless Steel Pipe, Welded Steel Pipe, Line Pipe, API Steel Pipe, Location:Shandong. Year Established:2007. Number Of Employess:501 - 1000. Total Revenue:USD 50,000,001 - 100,000,000. Sturdy, Stainless mild steel seamless pipe for Industry The mild steel seamless pipe you can find on the site are generally built using hot-dipped technology to prevent rusting and weakening of the structural elements. With seamless welding quality, these mild steel seamless pipe are annealed with nitrogen protection and are polished with utter professionalism. These products are made of robust
Uses of Stainless Steel Seamless Pipes - Surya Fittings Blog.minerals and metallurgy industry st52 seamless steel pipeCangzhou KTD Steel Pipe Co. ,China ,Minerals Advanced production line and testing equipment is a necessary guarantee for manufacturing qualified products of seamless steel pipe.The company pay high attention to the modernization of production equipment and ensure that the advanced level in the industry .Using the AC-cu-Roll machinery,and
Get price/ACA_5KSM7581ACA_Standalone_3000X3000_01_660x_crop_center.jpg?v=1629417052" alt="6.9L Pro Line® Series Bowl-Lift Stand Mixer KSM7581" class="object-contain lazy">/FP_KitchenAid-Stand-Mixer-KSM7581-Frosted-Pearl_01_660x_crop_center.jpg?v=1601509199" alt="6.9L Pro Line® Series Bowl-Lift Stand Mixer KSM7581" class="object-contain lazy">
A timeless classic has just been elegantly elevated. Introducing the Pro Line Bowl-Lift Stand Mixer. It boasts the most powerful KitchenAid motor ever along with the largest capacity for 6.9 litres of magnificent mixing muscle. The Pro Line Series is available at specialty retailers.
Includes:
- Coated Metal Beater
- Stainless Steel 11-Wire Elliptical Whisk
- Coated Metal Power Knead Spiral Dough Hook
- 6.9L Stainless Steel bowl with handle
- Pouring Shield
Specifications & user guide
Wattage
500W
Height
41.9cm
Width
26cm
Depth
37cm
Weight Nett Gross
11.3kg
Shipping Weight
14kg
Speed Selections
10 speed variable
Mixing Action
Planetary
Transmission
Direct drive
Construction
Die-cast metal construction
Bowl Size
6.9L
Mixing Capacity
Cookie dough for up to 14 dozen cookies
Warranty
5 years parts and labour against manufacturer's faults for household use.
Standard Inclusions
Coated Metal Beater, Stainless Steel 11-Wire Elliptical Whisk, Coated Metal Power Knead%u2122 Spiral Dough Hook, 6.9L Stainless Steel bowl with handle and Pouring Shield
Customer Reviews
Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Powerful I bought this mixer to replace my smaller Kitchenaid Artisan stand mixer. It's motor is powerful and doesn't bounce off my bench at high speed. It's a great machine however I find it difficult to put the attachments on. I have to have the bowl in place first before fitting the attachments which is annoying should I want to remove the bowl to scrape down. Also another point I don't like about it is that the beater doesn't reach the bottom of the bowl so unmixed flour etc remains stuck. I like the mixer for the power as I make a lot of dough however usability is terrible and would prefer the smaller tilt head design.
Date published: 2021-04-11 3 out of 5 by FECart from It’s OK, not built as well as older machines After 2 years, this mixer needed a new PCB at a cost of a few hundred dollars. I attempted to contact KitchenAid Australia via their website, Facebook page and messenger (their phone contact waiting time was over an hour). I wanted to ask if it was acceptable for the circuit board to disintegrate after 2 years. 2 months on, I’ve still had no reply. Quite disappointed with the product, but even more disappointed with the service.
Date published: 2020-09 5 out of 5 by Tassiedevil from Excellent mixer as expected from KItchenAid I purchased this mixer predominantly to make dough mix. I still have a KitchenAid KSM150 which is about 20 years old and still working beautifully but as I make enough dough for 2 loaves thought it was time to upgrade. This mixer is a dream, attaching the bowl took a little while to become accustomed to but the mixer is so much more stable when handling a heavy mix. I love both my mixers and would not consider a different brand.
Date published: 2020-05-27This disc has not yet been reviewed. The following information has been provided by the distributor..St Bruno Flake 50gm, is one of the worlds best known pipe tobaccos. A blend of Virginia and Kentucky leaves, this flaked tobacco may require rubbing depending on your style of smoke. A smooth, rich flavoured pipe tobacco, St Bruno Flake is legendary when it comes to a classic pipe tobacco. This is one of those classic tobaccos many pipe smokers keep returning to, mainly down to it's quality which has been maintained over the years.
- Premium Quality brand
- Medium Strength
- Flake Pipe Tobacco
- Virginia & Kentucky Blend
Strictly over 18's only
You will be asked at the checkout to verify you are over the age of 18.
Cheapasmokes only sells genuine St Bruno Flake 50gmWeather concerns? Check My Amherst on the day of the event for delay or closure announcements.
Menu Tools
It may be winter break, but we’re still here! Join us for dinner in Keefe -- we'll have a taco bar and good company. (Vegan and gluten-free options available.)
Presented by the Office of Student Activities and the Center for International Student Engagement. Contact studentactivities@amherst.edu for more information.Bella Figura's laminated shades are available as standard in huge range of 166 Dupion, 96 Crepe Satin and 15 Linen silk colours..!Parts of a Flower Play Dough Mat and Collage Download
Where can we send your download link?
Print the Play Dough Mat to heavy paper for each of your children. Explain to your children that flowering plants start from a seed. The seed needs 3 things to grow: good soil, water, and sunlight. The seed will sprout when those 3 things are present. As the flowering plant continues to grow, the plant produces flowers and fruit (seeds). The cycle then repeats itself. Write the words for the parts of the flower on a separate sheet of paper or an index card (see photo above). Younger children can use alphabet stamps to stamp the letters (or just the beginning letter of each word) on the line provided on the mat. Older children can write the words or stamp the letters.
Extend the discussions by laminating the flower papers and using as a play dough mat. The children can follow the flower colors or create one of their very own!
Extension #2: Print the following Plant Cards – Plant Cards for Preschool and Kindergarten – on heavy paper to aid in discussions. Have the children use the cards for a “growing” sequencing activity: seeds, sprout, and flower. The children can use the soil, water, and sunlight cards as visuals to paint or draw what “ingredients” are necessary for a plant to grow.
Extension #3: Print several copies of the cards, laminate (or cover with clear contact paper), and have the children play a “memory” style matching game on a table or the floor. Place all the cards face down. Each child should draw two cards, one-at-a-time, to find matching cards. If the cards do not match, the cards are turned face down again and another child takes a turn. The game is over when children have lost interest or when all the matching cards have been found.
Parts of a Flower Play Dough Collage Craft
Materials needed: Brainstorm with your children what materials in the classroom or at home they could use to make the flower. Gather all of the items into a bin (some suggestions: pipe cleaners or Wikki Stix for the roots; any dry bean or black construction paper for the seeds; green construction paper for the stem and leaves; and pipe cleaners, Wikki Stix, or tissue paper for the flower petals).
Have the children make a large play dough area on a table, placemat, or laminated board. The play dough will act as “glue” so none is needed to hold the collage materials in place. Hang a visual for younger children to look at, if desired. Younger children will use the collage materials in many creative ways! Older children, too, will amaze you with their flower creations!
Looking for MORE Spring Activities for Kids? Look for entire themes at: The Preschool Toolbox Blog!
Trackbacks
[…] PARTS OF A PLANT PLAYDOUGH MAT […]
[…] Print the Parts of a Flower Mat for each of the children. Discuss the basic flower parts and see if the children can locate them on the mat. Kids can either write the parts of a flower words with markers or crayons, stamp the words with letter stamps, or cut out the printable labels to glue onto the flower mat. Preschoolers might also enjoy creating the parts of a flower with play dough. […]
[…] Parts of a Flower Play Dough Mat from The Preschool Toolbox […]Art Plastics Vintage Nativity Set
This sweet vintage nativity set was originally purchased at Fisher’s Stationary Shop on Portland St in Downtown Dartmouth in 1979.
Set includes:
Baby Jesus, Mary, Joseph, 3 Wisemen, Shepherd, 2 Sheep, Cow, Donkey and an angel glued to a piece of wood. A beautiful and small set that is not very fragile.Vegan Mexican petties
Ingredients
1 cup corn kernels
1 cup of cooked black beans
1 red pepper
1 small chopped onion
3 crushed garlic cloves
1 large chopped tomato
1½ cup of whole spelled flour
2 tablespoons raw tahini
2-3 tablespoons fresh coriander leaves
1 teaspoon paprika
¼ – ½ teaspoon of chili powder (or as spicy as you like)
½ teaspoon cumin
Salt and pepper
Instructions
Stir in the onion and pepper with a little olive oil, soften and mix for 3-4 minutes.
Add the garlic and stir 2-3 minutes.
Add the beans and tomatoes. Cook while stirring until the liquids are reduced.
Add the coriander and spices and turn off the stove.
Transfer to a food processor, 4-5 tablespoons of the stew and the flour, and add a little water as needed until you get a grainy texture.
Stir everything.
Form petties with wet hands, and place on a backing try, (greased baking paper ).
Bake for 25 minutes, turn and bake for another 10 minutes.
Serve with a chipotle dip dish.
Enjoy!About
Peerspace is an online marketplace that connects professionals and businesses to great spaces. Our goal since launching in 2014 has been to make finding and booking short-term space an easy and transparent process.
- Website
- Headquarters
- Industry
- Employees51-200
- Social
By clicking "Continue" or continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.Increase your drying capacity for the TopLine 150 model with these unique pegless clips.
Suits TopLine 150 unit only.
Available in Pack of 4
In StockIn StockOut of stock
$87.00
Increase your drying capacity for the TopLine 150 model with these unique pegless clips. Suits TopLine 150 unit only.
Payment Methods
Increase your drying capacity for the TopLine 150 model with these unique pegless clips.
Suits TopLine 150 unit only.
Available in Pack of 4
I think we can all agree that no one likes doing the washing, hanging the washing out or watching their clothes get wet in the rain and redoing the clothes washing all over again. However, it’s one of those things most of us have to do and it’s problems like this that TopLine Clothes Lines can help you solve.
With our remote controlled intelligent clothes lines, the days of worrying about your washing getting wet, your clothes blowing off a balcony or being stolen, or listening to your electricity bill rise using your tumble dryer are over!
So here’s just a few of the advantages you can look forward to with your own TopLine Clothes Lines Drying System:
1. Fan for cool air drying and heater for warm air drying – With our intelligent indoor clothes drying lines you can have cool and warm air to dry your clothes quickly and easily, all in the privacy and comfort of your home or business.
2. Modern Design that adds value to your lifestyle – Some of the indoor clothes drying lines you’ll find are ugly and cumbersome to install and operate. A TopLine intelligent indoor clothes drying line is modern in design, easy to use and really easy to operate.
3. Mechanical positioning systems, wind resistance design and anti-sway structure – Many of the indoor clothes drying lines you’ll find have a habit of swaying, or you have to operate them manually. With a TopLine clothes line there’s none of that. All our intelligent indoor clothes drying lines are rigorously tested for wind resistance and have a strong and sturdy anti-sway structure.
4. Safety cut out switch to prevent overheating or injury – Got children? With our indoor clothes drying lines you’ll have the security and peace of mind that your intelligent indoor clothes drying line has a safety cut off switch. This is perfect if children keep putting it up and down continually. Plus, your intelligent indoor clothes drying line will reset after 15 minutes. All model come with an obstacle blocker, if the line is put down and there is something in the way, it will automatically stop to prevent damage or injury.
5. Hang 35 kg of clothes – With the TopLine Intelligent Indoor Clothes Drying Line you’re able to hang up to 35 kg of clothing, which equates to 5 x 7kg loads of washing or approximately 70 garments, which many apartments, granny flat and homeowners with a limited amount of space to dry clothes really love!
6. Smartphone App Control – The TL80 & TL120 intelligent indoor clothes drying lines also come with a really cool phone app! So you can control the settings of your intelligent indoor clothes drying line automatically, all with the press of a few commands using your smartphone.
7. Quality and Warranties – Our intelligent indoor clothes drying lines are superior in every way. Made from aviation aluminium, they’re strong and durable, they’re light weight and reliable and will deliver years of hassle free indoor clothes drying.
Up to 5-years warranty* conditions apply.
*2-year parts and labour warranty on unit, with 5-year parts only warranty on electric motor.
ToplineFarm Life
Getting involved in the entire lifecycle of the flowers we grow…from pouring though reams of catalogs and choosing just the right varieties…to ensuring our bouquets are filled with the right colors, textures, and scents…
Spending most of our days outside
Walking the field at dusk and soaking in the utter beauty that surrounds our daily lives
Trying endlessly to get the dirt out from under our fingernails…but never quite succeeding…
Watching the farm mascot nap in the sun while the bunnies munch on the flowers nearby
Rolling with the punches when mother nature sends you 80+° days in April…forcing you to harvest all your tulips immediately or face losing them
Witnessing the inner workings of mother nature and being proud that our flowers play an important role
Observing the various life cycles unfold around us…flower seedlings to harvest – Black swallowtail caterpillars to stunning butterflies – fawns who return as young bucks to show off their antlers
Being soooo tired that you can’t see straight
Appreciating the wonder and joy in a recipient’s eyes when they receive a bouquet of flowers that I have toiled over and lovely designed for them
Surveying each and every bloom to get just the right feel for a bouquet
March 15, 2021It’s easy to feel the weight of expectation when thinking about building culture into your business. The fantasy working environments of Google or Pixar, the radical management practices of Netflix, or the carefully crafted ‘friendliness’ of Innocent Drinks all feel expensive in terms of planning and investment.
But your company culture already exists. The services your business provides, the people you’ve hired and your shared values are already in place. So how can you go about making it work for you, and what impact will it have?
Crafting a culture statement
A company culture may well ‘emerge’, but in order for it to be an effective part of your business strategy you need to be able to define and communicate it. By its very nature, distilling your culture into a clear statement has to be a collaborative process with input from your team.
Start by considering the three core values you hold as the leader of your organisation. Then, working with your management team, have them identify three values for each of the following:
- Their personal integrity
- What helps customers decide to do business with you
- What the company wants to be known for
The resulting list may contain overlaps and similarities. Refine what you have whilst bearing in mind the characteristics needed to fulfil the business’s mission, where your focus should be to achieve success, what qualities you value in who you hire and what traits might conflict with these values. Your final list will form the basis of your culture statement. This should sit alongside your vision and mission statements as the bedrock for your organisation’s operations.
The impact of a strong company culture
Research has shown that companies who adopt a ‘performance-enhancing’ culture can achieve up to six times higher revenue growth than those without. But aside from the bottom line, there are other advantages to being able to define and effectively communicate your culture:
- Attract and retain better employees, lowering costs and improving levels of expertise.
Your company culture should seek to support professional success, growth and pride in the role staff play. It should also empower staff and enable autonomy. Netflix’s ‘Responsibility and Freedom’ policy may be a little too radical for smaller business to implement effectively but the principles are sound. A good culture will provide the context within which staff have the freedom to act in the best interests of the business and the customer in the moment, whilst still upholding the company’s long-term values. This loose/tight concept is extremely effective in motivating staff and improving performance.
- Ability to adapt to change.
Having a clear set of values and practices independent of specific technologies or processes creates a ‘familiar’ environment for customers. This sense of safety means customers are far more likely to come with you when you seek to adapt to a changing marketplace.
- Encourages customer loyalty and advocacy.
A clear culture creates a consistent customer-experience no matter how they choose to interact with you. In a world where poor service is so rapidly shared, consistency and clarity are keys to customer service success.
The power of your company culture comes from its ability to directly impact your customers’ experience of your business and services. It doesn’t need to consist of expensive planning sessions, grand gestures and sparkling campuses.
A good company culture is one in which your staff can thrive and grow, where autonomy is enabled through a shared vision and where every interaction with your customers makes them feel like a VIP. A well-defined and strategically aligned company culture has the ability to drive all these elements and really set your business apart – which ultimately leads to greater impact, greater profit, and greater.On a hot day in early July, the Charlottesville Area Tree Stewards and their teenage helpers were rolling stones at Greenleaf Park. Not Jagger or Richards but volunteers from Teens Give rolled the concrete pedestals into place to provide seating around a new fern garden. Each pedestal weighs more than 200 pounds. Another group of teen campers from the Quaker Meeting House finished mulching the last 25 feet of a trail around the garden, making the loop complete. The next step will be to paint the pedestals and use them to identify the ferns.Richard Dooling has a nice tutorial that will have you running Python on Windows XP in seven (not eight!) minutes. I’ve been using a bit of Python lately for automating some tasks on an older Windows Server. I could be using the old DOS Batch language, but instead decided to look at a fully featured, all purpose scripting language.Â I know that the time I spend learning Python will pay real dividends in the future when a whole lot more will be done with it than ever will again be with DOS! I’ll bet that describes your mindset as well so if you are on XP go take a look at this well-written tutorial.
windows
Switch from Windows XP to Mac OSX with Ease! Â From the perspective of a current Mac user like myself this would be great for adding Windows XP to your current computer, but the real benefit here might be to give people who are not yet ready to abruptly switch from XP to OS X the ability to run both operating systems at the same time for a while on any new Mac they purchase. This is a very smart marketing move by Apple and I see minimal downside potential for them.Home / Force Sects / Knights of the Old Republic / A-F / Alor-Wan
Voss Mystics / Voss
Voss Mystic during the Cold War between the Galactic Republic and the Resurgent Sith Empire. Envisioned the destruction of the Voss way of life by the Sith. Sent emissary Sor-Nak to confront and turn away Kallig upon arriving on Voss. Unsuccessful in his attempt to keep Kallig from exploring the mysteries of Voss.Bike Science is set to host their first Premium Cycle Show, La Primavera. The event will be taking place on March 12th at the Barnsley House Hotel, Cirencester. The show will be exhibiting a host of cycling brands and their experts will be on hand to chat and offer advice.
La Primavera Cycle show will also be displaying two classic themed cycling documentaries; A Sunday in Hell, showing at 2pm and The Road to Roubaix, which will be showing at 6pm.
The La Primavera Premium Cycle show aims to showcase some of the world’s top road bicycles, clothes and accessories and say they ‘hope to bring something new and unique to the ever increasing bike market’. Some of the brands that will be making an appearance will be Nevi, Legend, Boardman Elite, Fizik, Shimano, Reynolds, Le Col, and Selle SMP.
You can find all additional information on the event hereThere are numerous methodologies used to quantify and allocate delay.
If you need to prove and allocate construction project delays, you should engage a scheduling consultant qualified with CPM (critical path method) analysis. You should also engage counsel to assist in preserving your rights, as well as presenting and maximing your arguments for delay.
There are numerous methodologies used to quantify and allocate delay. You want to discuss the most effective analysis for your case and facts including whether you want/should use a forward-looking prospective analysis or a backward-looking retrospective analysis that factors in as-built data. In doing so, you want to make sure you understand the pros and cons of each methodology including the bases to attack the methodology that will be subject to cross-examination. The five primary CPM methodologies are as follows:
- As-Planned Versus As-Built. This methodology compares the as-planned baseline schedule to an as-built schedule reflecting progress to assign delay. An as-built schedule that reflects progress includes actual start dates, finish dates, and durations. The actual dates and durations are compared with the as-planned dates and durations on the baseline schedule to determine delay. Under this methodology, the delay impact is determined retrospectively.Don't miss out on the benefits of Advertising Mail
Not so long ago, digital marketing was cited as the death knell for Direct Mail but opinions have been changing and a report from the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Human Rights, published on 3 November 2019, raises significant concerns over The Right to Privacy (Article 8) and the Digital Revolution.
The issues in a nutshell
The report itself makes very interesting reading but to summarise, the committee says the “consent model is broken” and should not be used as a blanket basis for processing, as it puts too much onus on the individual to understand the risks associated with web-based services.
Rt Hon Harriet Harman MP, Chair of JCHR said:
“Individuals are giving away lots of information about themselves when using web-based services and the expectation is that they should know about the risks of using the internet. Individuals cannot be expected to know whether their data is being used appropriately and what risks this poses to their right to privacy. Instead there should be adequate regulation in place to ensure that everyone’s privacy is protected online.
“It should be simple to know what data is shared about individuals and it must be equally easy to correct or delete data held about us as it was to us to sign up to the service in the first place. These rights already exist, but they clearly have yet to be effectively implemented by companies and enforced by regulators. The Government must address this, urgently. We say it often, but it bears repeating again now: rights are meaningless if not enforced.”
What’s going to happen?
Changes to online data collection and sharing are being called for and this will impact on digital marketing and how companies reach their customers online. As more organisations consider the success of GDPR compliant advertising mail it will raise its profile for future campaigns. JicMail stats reveal: 65% of all addressed mail is opened. On average each item is passed on 1.2 times and read 4.2 times by each person who receives it. Not surprisingly the more people in a household, the more a piece of mail is shared and passed on.
Where do I start?
Whatever the size of your business, there are lots of opportunities to benefit from direct mail, from advertising to customer engagement, acquisition to renewal. Citipost Mail can help you with every aspect of the process, including printing and delivery. We will give you access to the best prices and incentive rates to make sure you are never paying more than you need to. Our team will be delighted to talk to you about our range of services including our hybrid mail solution, Digi-Mail, which allows you to upload, print and post your mail without leaving your desk.
Talk to us on 0203 2600240 and let us help you to make the most of compliant advertising opportunities.Kellie Pickler - Reserved
When
Occurs on Sunday July 16 2017
Approximate running time: 2 hours
Venue
Show Notes
×. Pickler’s songs range from rallying cries of female empowerment (“Red High Heels,” and “Don’t You Know You’re Beautiful”) to poignant representations of childhood (“I Wonder”). They all display her rich vocals, and the “down home charm,” called out by the New York Times.
Buy To This Event Directions: severe hazard, resulting in fire or injury if not properly assembled and installed.
Most local building authorities require that even residential electrical wiring meet local code specifications. An inspection must be performed upon completion of work before drywall is installed, and a “certificate of inspection” provided by the inspector or licensed electrician.
Finding the Right Contractor
When hiring an electrical contractor, make sure they meet these guidelines:
Provide a written quote for the price of the work they will be doing.
Provide references of completed projects, and proof of current liability insurance.
Are licensed for work in your locality
They will obtain the necessary permits and application for inspection
They will provide the signed certificate of inspection upon completion
After selecting a contractor, and when drawing up the contract, be sure to include detailed information on project specifics. Include such things as start and finish dates, specifications of fixtures and materials, and a detailed payment plan. It is normal for the contractor to ask for 10 to 33% of the project cost in advance.
The Inspection Process
Because wiring, circuit boxes, and fixtures must meet electrical code and be inspected before other aspects of the project can be completed, it is important to meet with all other contractors when planning and scheduling work, to insure the project progresses smoothly.
In addition to the mentioned inspections, if there will be any buried cable involved, that will also need to be inspected before trenching is backfilled. Wiring to the meter, the main disconnect, and grounding must also be inspected..Here are some ideas of things to try :
Life Skills.
The Great Year 6 Egg Off ! Being able to prepare a simple, but nutritious, meal from eggs is a really valuable skill. Come and ( socially distanced) collect 2 eggs from school.
Make a simple dish using your eggs, and present it beautifully. Take a photo and send it to school.
Here are some recipe ideas, you may need to adjust the quantities:
Care for the environment - Make a bird feeder for the feathered friends who visit your garden. We have seed and fat available in school so that you can make a bird cake (the seed in school does contain nuts). Use the recipe below. Observe the birds closely and practise identifying them, in preparation for a challenge coming up shortly.
Curriculum Ideas.
Art - have a go at making a Zine......Go on, you know you are intrigued to find out what they are.... !
Geography/Science - take a tour of the London Aquarium and see the creatures that inhabit our oceans
Watch how currents affect fish and coral on this reef in the Cayman Islands:Galletto Radiatori (H2O Performance) EVO Oversize Radiator and Oil Cooler kit for Ducati bikes
$610.00 – $4,220.00
Description
Galletto Radiatori / H2O Performance are available for (Ducati Panigale V4, Panigale 1199, 1098, Monster, Hypermotard, 748,916,996,998 models)
The more horsepower an engine develops the more heat it creates. Once an engine reaches around 85°C (185°F) you start loosing power and at about 118°C (244,4°F) you could loose.
Why an Aluminum Racing Radiator
Although the concept of a radiator is quite simple, getting a radiator to work properly under the extreme conditions of auto racing is not as simple. Most stock motorcycle radiators are not designed to stand up to the stress of racing, this includes both their strength and performance.
Most radiators for street applications are designed around the principle of getting the job done for the lowest possible cost. As a result most stock/OEM radiators are merely adequate for the task of cooling a motorcycle engine during normal usage. Forget about under the stresses of racing. The tubes in a radiator are the primary source of cooling and the fins are secondary. Since tubing is much more expensive than fins, most stock/OEM radiators increase the amount of fins to reduce the amount of costly tubing required. A good aluminum racing radiator does just the opposite. More tube surface for primary cooling and fewer fins allowing it to cool much more effectively. The increased number of fins on a stock/OEM radiator can also adversely affect the performance of the radiator. Since additional fins allow less space for dirt and debris to pass through, it becomes harder for the air required to dissipate heat to pass through the radiator.
This is very important in racing where more dirt, rubber and other debris is present. Additionally, the higher fin count can represent a small air restriction, which causes air to flow around the sides of the radiator rather than through it. One additional thing to keep in mind is that most stock motorcycle radiators are designed to work with unrestricted airflow. When placed behind bodywork it becomes much harder for them to work efficiently.
Two additional benefits of aluminum racing radiators are strength and weight. Most aluminum racing radiators have the tanks welded to the tubes rather than brazed or sealed with epoxy. This makes the radiator much stronger and more capable of standing up to the rigors of racing.
Water and Oil Radiators are supplied with all silicone hoses and fittings.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.cumin powder
Fajitas
It’s one of those favorite dishes on the menu at Mexican, Tex Mex and Southwestern-style restaurants. Fajitas refer to grilled meat or chicken usually served as a taco or alongside grilled peppers, onions and flour or corn tortillas. Fajitas are so simple to make at home. A delicious fajita starts with a great marinade. For this recipe, I’ve chosen a simple combination of ingredients, but if you prefer more heat, you can always add some red pepper flakes or a pinch of cayenne. For the chicken, I prefer skinless boneless chicken thighs, but chicken breasts work well too. For the meat, you’ll want something with a little bit of fat like a skirt or flank steak. With colorful peppers always available, a combination of green, red, yellow and orange bell peppers make a beautiful presentation along with a large, sweet yellow onion. To give the fajitas a real authentic flavor, you can toss your flour tortilla into a hot dry skillet or griddle for just a few seconds to give it the char marks and delicious flavor. Of course, you’ll want to top off your fajitas with all of your favorite fixings’ like avocado, pico de gallo, cilantro, shredded cheese and sour cream. Plan ahead so the protein can marinate for several hours, then fire up the skillet or grill and get cookin’ south of the border style!
Watch my How To Video for Fajitas here!!The International Society for CNS Clinical Trials and Methodology
Washington, DC, February 21-23
BACKGROUND
- Assessment of functional capacity is an intrinsic part of the treatment of cognitive impairments in schizophrenia.
- The Virtual Reality Functional Capacity Assessment Tool (VRFCAT©) is a computer based virtual reality measure of functional capacity that relies on a realistic simulated environment to recreate routine activities of daily living.
- The VRFCAT contains the components of a shopping trip, including searching the pantry at home, making a list, taking the correct bus, shopping in a store, paying for the purchases, and getting home.
- The VRFCAT, MATRICS™ Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB), and the UCSD Performance-Based Skills Assessment, Brief version (UPSA-B) were administered to a sample of people with schizophrenia to examine concurrent validity.
- These data were also compared to data collected from healthy controls to examine discriminant validity.Frank-Markus Winkler is Managing Partner and member of capiton’s management Board. Before joining capiton AG in 2001 Mr. Winkler was as a co-founder and board member of an Internet company responsible for setting up, developing and successfully selling the company. Prior to this, he was involved from 1993 in the field of auditing and corporate finance consulting for two large auditing firms. He holds a degree in economics (Diplom-Kaufmann) and is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA).Holiday gift-giving got the dollars in your bank account looking lonely? DOSH has you covered. They’re giving you $15 for EVERY PERSON YOU REFER (who then links a credit card). For the uninitiated, Dosh is an app that gives you cash back for doing nothing more than using your credit card at restaurants, hotels, and stores all over the US. All you do is link a card, and then Dosh auto-magically puts money back in your account which you can then transfer to your bank account or non-profit groups across America.
Fifteen bucks for every person is pretty sweet and, honestly, sounds a little too good to be true. It’s not, though! I promise. If you want to know more about how it works, read the FAQs below. If you don’t have Dosh yet, sign up here and then start signing up your friends to get that sweet sweet referral bonus cash. There’s no limit to how much you can earn, so 10 friends = $150, 100 friends = $1500, and so on. How’s that for a holiday gift?!?All-Access
Filter By
PRODUCT TYPE
WHAT'S YOUR VIBE?
BLADDER SIZE
COLOR
Water Hydration Packs
Our thirst-quenching water hydration packs provide revitalizing fluid supplies that support electrifying lifestyles without disrupting your vibe. No matter which tribe you are representing, the wide-ranging selection of styles at Vibedration offers designs for adventure-seekers, music festival lovers and ravers!Tifa is saying sorry to anyone she has offended recently with her interviews and rants on social media.
The Dancehall diva uploaded an emotional video to her Instagram account on Saturday night following a week of controversy, which saw her blasting the music industry, disrespecting The Tropixs fans and beefing with Khago.
“Hey guys i’ve been doing a lot of thinking today and i will just like to send an apology to anyone i’ve offended over the past couple of days, weeks… even years,” the “Spell It Out” deejay said.
Tifa continued by apologising to fellow artistes, supporters, critics and promoters, sharing that she has decided to “let go and let God.”
Tifa Savagely Hits Back At Khago Over Shenseea Comment
“Two wrongs don’t make a right, so we don’t need all of the craziness in Dancehall and this rollercoaster ride that i have been having you on for the past couple of days,” she said.
Tifa apologised once again, adding that she wishes “everybody nothing but love and success.” She revealed that she had let “anger and frustration get the better of her” and that is not who she really is, “I just want to get back to doing good music and doing my thing,” she continued.
Tifa’s apology was greeted with mixed reactions, watch below and check out the comments.
View this post on Instagram
#Tifa issues apology to anyone she has offended ??Business Owner? Add your logo and more…
Claim
Hotels in Darlington
Be the first to review
The Croft Hotel Croft on TeesCroft on TeesDarlingtonCounty DurhamDL2 2ST
Show mapThis Original, Hand-Painted Cel Portfolio has been stored in our Light-Controlled/Temperature Controlled Gallery for the last several decades, just recently photographed for sale, and is still in nearly MINT condition, with, Filmation, Rankin & Bass, Rich/Nest, Bakshi and Heavy Metal Studios. We also carry several of the Walt Disney Collectors Club (WDCC) figurines, as well as a huge variety of other Disney figures and collectibles from most of the major manufacturers: Disney, Enesco, Goebel, Schmid, Anri, Laurenz Capodimonte, etc. We also carry fantasy and science fiction and dinosaur action figures, figurines, sculptures and toys-- as well as related magazines and other collectibles.
The item "HEAVY METAL ORIGINAL CEL PORTFOLIO, LTD. #738/1000, 8 PRODUCTION CELS, withCOA" is in sale since Saturday, February 20, 2021.
This item is in the category "Collectibles\Animation Art & Merchandise\Animation Art"..Dickinson College
EN-3: Student Life
Does the institution have one or more co-curricular sustainability programs and initiatives that fall into the following categories?:
The name and a brief description of each student group focused on sustainability:
There are over 13 sustainability-related clubs and organizations that are senate recognized for the 2014-15 academic year. These groups range from activism on campus to promoting innovation for sustainability projects to raising awareness of local foods and farms. Collectively, these groups promote sustainability awareness on campus, in the community, and around the world. Dickinson supports these groups financially through student senate, but all are student-governed.
The Sustainability Coalition, also student-governed, is a monthly forum where social, cultural, and environmental groups come together and collaborate. Current members of the sustainability coalition include (many more members participate, but are not listed here): Eco-Reps program, coordinated by the Center for Sustainability Education (CSE), connect sustainability to the residential experience. Eco-Reps are volunteer peer-educators that coordinate outreach and education to a residence hall community about sustainable living, including energy efficiency and the current infrastructure for composting and recycling. Eco-Reps host events in their residence halls and work with residence life staff to make sustainable living options more prevalent in campus housing.
Athletic Eco-Reps:
The Athletic Eco-Reps program plays a strategic role by promoting greater interaction and communication between athletics and sustainability, two prominent stakeholder groups within Dickinson College's community. Dickinson, as well as 5 other schools, created a statewide consortium of colleges and universities to engage student athletes in sports greening and in leadership roles to promote sustainability in athletics and recreation.
The Handlebar Bicycle Co-Op:
The Handlebar, operated and maintained by the Center for Sustainability Education (CSE), operates on co-op model that is 'for' students, faculty, and staff, 'by' students, faculty, and staff. Shop volunteers teach Handlebar users how to maintain their bikes, re-assemble parts, and make repairs when necessary. Volunteers are always welcomed and can be trained through our educational workshop program. The shop and its volunteers reuse bikes and bike parts (formerly EarthNow! and Students Interested in Sustainable Agriculture -SISA) initiates sustainability-related projects and initiatives such as a campus-wide ban on the sale of plastic water bottles, an audit on paper use, and a Green Screen Film Series to view and discuss documentaries. They do event planning including the annual Local Foods Dinner and Earth Fest..
The website URL where information about student groups is available:
A brief description of gardens, farms, community supported agriculture (CSA) or fishery programs, and urban agriculture projects where students are able to gain experience in organic agriculture and sustainable food systems:
The Dickinson College Organic Farm is a 50-acre working farm and educational resource that provides produce to the college’s dining hall, a local food bank, a local farmers' market, and 130 families who are members of the Farm’s Campus Supported Agriculture program. Located a short drive from campus in Boiling Springs, PA, the USDA-certified organic farm includes many sustainable operations practices, such as PV arrays, solar hot-water systems, and biodiesel-run tractors and trucks. Students work on the farm growing organic produce and caring for humanely raised livestock as volunteers and paid student farmers under the direction of the farm manager and assistant farm manager. The farm is also a site for numerous research projects, class visits, service learning projects, workshops, and tours.
The website URL where information about the organic agriculture and/or sustainable food systems projects and initiatives is available:
A brief description of student-run enterprises that include sustainability as part of their mission statements or stated purposes:
The Idea Fund is a "sustainable project incubator run by students".
The Idea Fund supports social entrepreneurship that empowers citizens to leverage their diverse skill sets, solving problems through innovation and creativity. Dickinson College provides students with a liberal arts education that encourages interdisciplinary collaboration, critical thinking, and problem-solving. The Idea Fund creates a forum through which students may exercise those skills in the Dickinson community. We envision a community that uses top quality academia to innovate and enact positive change.
The mission is to empower students to identify and solve problems in the community by equipping and connecting them with the skills, networks, and resources to effectively design and implement viable projects. These goals are achieved through three main services: Project Consulting, Innovation Grants, and Revolving Loans. All students are welcome to receive Project Consulting, designed to aid students in writing business proposals, applying for funds, building teams, and networking in the Dickinson community for sustainability and beyond.
Example Idea Fund supported project:
The Peddler is a bike-powered coffee convenience cart that sells organic, fair-trade coffee. The store is student-led, owned, and run and maintains the highest standards of sustainability, entrepreneurship, and social justice.
The website URL where information about the student-run enterprise(s) is available:
A brief description of the sustainable investment or finance initiatives:
Dickinson does not have a student-managed SRI Fund. However, the Idea Fund manages a revolving loan fund that supports campus projects that conserve energy and promote other sustainability goals. The college committed an initial contribution of $15,000. The fund will be supplemented by estimated cost savings that result from Idea Fund projects.
The website URL where information about the sustainable investment or finance initiatives is available:
A brief description of conferences, speaker series, symposia or similar events related to sustainability that have students as the intended audience:
Dickinson annually awards the Sam Rose ’58 and Julie Walters Prize at Dickinson College for Global Environmental Activism. The prize was created to focus attention on the need to reduce the impact of human lives on the planet, particularly given the rising population predictions for this century. The $100,000 prize has now supported three winners who have all conducted 3-5 day campus residencies to interact with students in public lectures, small round table discussions, class visits, and leader lunches. Winners include:
Bill McKibben - 2012
Lisa Jackson - 2013
James Balog - 2014
Mark Ruffalo - 2015
The residencies were established to allow close interaction with students as the donors wanted to endow the prize at Dickinson because they fully support sustainability across curriculum, which promotes student awareness of the environment and training for professional careers in the sciences as well as responsible living for the protection of all life forms.
We themed the whole Fall 2014 semester around the Balog residency in a series entitled One College, One Community.
The website URL where information about the event(s) is available:
A brief description of cultural arts events, installations or performances related to sustainability that have students as the intended audience:
Sue Coe, the recipient of the 2013-2014 Dickinson Arts Award, had a week long residency to open her exhibition, The Ghosts of Our Meat. The exhibition explored important sustainability questions on food and agricultural production and ethical considerations of non-human entities.
Additionally, James Balog's exhibit Ice: Portraits of Vanishing Glaciers was hosted Sept. 20 through Dec. 5, 2014 in Dickinson's Waidner-Spahr Library. Visitors were invited to the exhibit featuring 15 color photographs, Extreme Ice Survey's time-lapse video loop, and informational panels that highlighted the effects of climate change on glaciers around the world.
The website URL where information about the cultural arts event(s) is available:
A brief description of wilderness or outdoors programs for students that follow Leave No Trace principles:
The Dickinson College Outing Club aims to foster a respect and love of nature within the student body, the faculty, and the staff by providing the leadership and resources needed to explore the outdoors. The club holds weekly meetings and leads a trip about once a week. Trips include day hikes, backpacking trips, top roping and bouldering rock climbing adventures, kayaking excursions, and camping trips. The club follows Leave No Trace principles and trains fellow students in the principles. Beginning in Fall 2014, Outing Club leads pre-orientation programs that introduce new students to outdoor resources in our region.
The Dickinson Outing Club has maintained a strong contingency of members trained in Leave No Trace policies. Their members seek to implement sustainable practices during their excursions. Additionally, many members are involved in various sustainability initiatives on campus and enhance their appreciation for the natural world through this club and other opportunities.
The website URL where information about the wilderness or outdoors program(s) is available:
A brief description of sustainability-related themes chosen for themed semesters, years, or first-year experiences:
The theme for the Spring 2014 Clarke Forum speaker series was water. Concerns about a coming water crisis are gaining the attention of scholars, not just in countries where water is scarce, but globally. Water scarcity and water quality are interrelated problems that are both likely to deteriorate in the face of climate change. Speakers explored how water impacts all of us in ways we are often unaware. Topics ranged from the global to the local, from the impact of climate change on regional water scarcity, to the prevention of conflict about water resources, and the implications of drinking bottled water.
The semester theme in spring 2013 was Living in a World of Limits, which brought Bill McKibben, David Orr, Michael Mann, Michael Shellenberger, and other speakers to campus. In 2010-2011, Dickinson had a year-long theme, Food for Thought, which brought Eric Schlosser, Michael Abelman, Marion Nestle, Anna Lappe, Sandra Steingraber, Heidi Skolnik, Jenn Halpin, Sally McMurry, and other speakers to campus.
The website URL where information about the theme is available:
A brief description of program(s) through which students can learn sustainable life skills:
Students learn bike repair at The Handlebar Bicycle Co-Op. At The Handlebar, we operate with a 'Hands Off' policy, empowering our co-op users with the opportunity to challenge themselves while learning bike mechanics. “Hands Off” means that volunteers do not repair others’ bikes; they simply assist in bike repair and educate visitors on tips and tools of bike repair and maintenance. Volunteers are allowed to demonstrate how to do something or to offer an extra hand. Patrons may become frustrated when unable to perform a specific task, but sometimes it takes more than one try to use a tool successfully or to get something right. The slow and sometimes frustrating process of figuring out a task on one’s own proves far more educational than simply observing an experienced volunteer at work. Volunteers always relay their methods and tips when working with bikers and never underestimate another person’s abilities and desire to learn.
The website URL where information about the sustainable life skills program(s) is available:
A brief description of sustainability-focused student employment opportunities:
The Center for Sustainability Education, The Alliance for Aquatic Resource Monitoring, and The Dickinson College Farm all hire students to run programming and operations. These three programs consistently employ over 30 paid student positions each semester. Additionally, paid, sustainability-focused student employment exists with sustainability summer camps offered by Dickinson, Dickinson Dining Services, and GIS projects.
The overarching goals of all these positions are to provide students the opportunity to create and/or improve sustainability programs and/or operations at Dickinson College in an effort to fulfill the objectives of our climate action plan and educate students on how to live more sustainably.
The website URL where information about the student employment opportuntities is available:
A brief description of graduation pledges through which students pledge to consider social and environmental responsibility in future job and other decisions:
The Sustainability Graduation Pledge allows graduating students to commit to:
“I PLEDGE TO APPLY SUSTAINABILITY LEARNING AND VALUES FROM MY DICKINSON EXPERIENCE AS I EXPLORE AND IMPROVE THE SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL CONSEQUENCES OF ANY ORGANIZATIONS FOR WHICH I WORK AND THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH I LIVE."
The sustainability graduation pledge has been active since 2013.
Graduating seniors are also eligible to join Alumni for a Sustainable Dickinson, a group founded in 2003 that works to promote sustainability at Dickinson amongst our alumni community..Camiant aims to provide a single multi-service platform for provisioning, bandwidth management and billing interfaces for broadband services
200 Nickerson Road 2nd Floor
Marlborough, Massachusetts, 01752,
United States
508-486-9996
Mar 12, 2015
Camiant selling to Tekelec for $130M
May 6, 2010, 10:26am EDT
//= $authorImg ?>
Save Article
Marlborough-based Camiant Inc. has agreed to be acquired for $130 million by a North Carolina IP and mobile data management company, Tekelec. According to Tekelec officials, the sale is expected to close within a week, subject to the usual closing conditions. Susie Kim Riley, founder and chief technology officer of Camiant, said that Tekelec would “make an ideal partnership to extend the power of policy control and create the foundation of the intelligent multi-service network.” Riley was named a Mass High Tech Woman to Watch honoree in 2006. According to Riley, the Camiant staff of more than 100 employees will stay on in Marlborough and become Tekelec employees once the sale closes. “This is a strategic acquisition and there are absolutely plans to keep on doing what we need to, to meet our 2010 and 2011 goals,” Riley said. For her part, Riley will become chief marketing officer of Tekelec and will remain based in the Marlborough office which will become “a center of excellence for Tekelec in the Boston area,” she said. Riley said it was Tekelec’s solid standing in the market that made it attractive as a buyer. “I think Tekelec is a company that has very sound footing in its business. It knows how to really scale a business,” she said. Camiant focuses on policy control, technology that regulates what types of applications can be used on a typical mobile or broadband platform, and what rights those applications have within the operating platform. The company, which was founded in 2003, has 30 customers worldwide, including Verizon, Vodafone, Sprint, Comcast and Cox Communications, and it lists more than 100 employees. Privately held Camiant had raised at least $16 million in funding from Matrix Partners, North Bridge Partners and Pilot House Ventures, according to federal documents. The company’s last funding round was in 2006, worth $8.1 million. Tekelec also purchased subscriber data management company Blueslice Networks Inc. of Montreal for $35 million. Want Boston Technology news in your inbox? Sign up for our free email newsletters. Industries
The CB Insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents , partnerships and news mentions to help you see tomorrow's opportunities, today.
Camiant has filed 17 patents.
Application Date
Grant Date
Title
Related Topics
Status
12/23/2009
8/4/2015
Video on demand services, Internet television, Radio modulation modes, Online content distribution, Broadband.China Mobile Construction Stone Impact Crusher PF1214 for
China Mobile Construction Stone Impact Crusher PF1214 for Concrete Crushing Plant, Find details about China Impact Crusher, Impact Crusher Price from
Primary mobile crushing plant KampW Machinery
K series coarse crushing plant is considered as the most powerful crushing plants in China. It owns awesome big mouth, strong and giant jaws can easily crush all the materials and building construction, highway, railway and subway, and water conservancy. KF12141, TSW0936, PFW1214, 500, 110190, 120210
200250t/h stone crushing plant, China 200250t/h Stone Crusher
China 200250 t/h stone crushing plant suppliers, the overall output and In secondary crushing process, two impact crushers PF1214 operate at the They are quite suitable for speedway, bridge, tunnel and other construction projects.
Copper Mine Impact Crusher Australian Jaw Crusher Plate Supplier
Complete 100T/H Limestone Crushing Plant in Wajir, Kenya This site is located in Wajir, Whether Jaw Crusher PE600X900, Impact Crusher PF1214 or Vibr
high efficiency gold mineral impact crusher pf
China Impact Crusher PF 1315, Find details about China Impact Crusher, Stone . in China, offering Mobile Construction Stone Impact Crusher PF1214 for
stone crusher machine impact crusher with mobile crusher peice
China Mobile crusher catalog of Mobile Impact Crusher Plant, Crushers, PF1010 PF1210 PF1214 Construction Small Basalt Gravel Impact Crusher and so on
Online Banking Service Time Table China Construction Bank Asia
LOCAL FUNDS TRANSFER. To an Account in CCB Asia. Between same currency, Daily, 24 hours. To an Account in Another Bank. Fast Payment System FPS
China Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher
China Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher manufacturers Select 2019 high quality Shaft Impact Crusher Shanghai Mining and Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. . Impact Crusher PF1214, PF1315 Stone Impact Crusher with Three Impact
China Construction Bank Asia Personal Banking Home
China Construction Bank Asia offers a wide range of consumer, retail and commercial banking products and services to customers.
Kleemann MR 130Z Impact Crusher YouTube
14 Oct 2014 Feeding a Kleemann MR 130Z Impact Crusher at Recycled Concrete Products, West Gosford. Add translations. 1,214 views. 1
Expansion Updates China Gold International Resources Corp. Ltd.
The Company reached a monumental milestone in the expansion construction process by completing its new additional 30,000 tpd crushing system, which is
Construction Waste Crushing Line Zhengzhou Shibo Mechanical
Construction waste line generally consist the crushing line, dry mortar Form the construction waste recycling, crushing , reuse of a green environmental protection project. Impact Crusher, PF1007/1010, PF1010/1020, PF1210/1214.
China Impact Crusher PF1010, PF1214, PF1315 China Impact
China Impact Crusher PF1010, PF1214, PF1315, Find details about PF1214, PF1315 Shanghai prm Mining and Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.
White Lai PF1214 Impact Crusher with Ceramic Blow Bar Crushers
White Lai PF1214 Impact Crusher with Ceramic Blow Bar China. Mascus ID, 49B60303. Show more details. PRICING. Price excl. Construction Auction
china manufacturer rock crushing machine Quotes Shanzhuo
Construction Waste Crushing Machine Manufacturers Construction Waste China Manufacturer Centrifugal Crusher PF 1214 Impact Crusher For Sale.
Dahongli: Jaw Crusher,Cone Crusher,Sand Making Machine
For all kinds of ore crushing, construction aggregate crushing, sand crushing, Dahongli provides China and Japan researchers try to turn demolition was.The Marvel Cinematic Universe is home to some of the coolest weapons in movie history - Iron Man's armor, Captain America's shield and the Infinity Gauntlet, just to name a few. Now MCU fans can bring these powerful artifacts home thanks to a new series of scale-model collectibles called the Marvel Museum Collection.
Each of these pieces ranges from 6 to 8 inches tall and features an accurate recreation of a different weapon or mask from an MCU movie, complete with a decorative display base. The first Marvel Museum Collection wave will consist of four collectibles - the Iron Man Mark VII helmet, Cap's shield, Black Panther's helmet and Thor's hammer Mjolnir. Get a closer look at all four pieces in the slideshow gallery below:
The Marvel Museum Collection is produced by Hero Collector, an imprint of the UK-based Eaglemoss that focuses on genre properties like Marvel. While Eaglemoss generally offers figurines and collectibles through subscription services or through specialty retailers, the company is taking more of a mass-market approach to this series. All for Marvel pieces will be sold in Walmart stores beginning in May 2021, before debuting through other retailers and on the Eaglemoss website.
Naturally, this first wave barely scratches the surface of the iconic weapons and costumes in the MCU. With any luck, we'll see Hero Collector tackle everything from the Infinity Gauntlet to Star-Lord's helmet to the Eye of Agamotto in future waves. Let us know what MCU weapons you'd like to own in the comments below.
In other collectibles news, Hasbro teased a new line of vintage-style Star Wars figures timed to the 50th anniversary of Lucasfilm, and we got our first look at Funko's adorable Godzilla vs. Kong figures.
Jesse is a mild-mannered staff writer for IGN. Allow him to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter.Listen free for 30 days
Bleachers
-
- Narrated by: John Grisham
- Length: 4 hrs and 19 mins
- Unabridged Audiobook
- Categories: Literature & Fiction, Genre Fiction
Add to basket failed.
Add to wishlist failed.
Remove from wishlist failed.
Follow podcast failed
Unfollow podcast failed
Listen with a free trial
Buy Now for £18.00
We are sorry. We are not allowed to sell this product with the selected payment method
Summary.
Critic reviews
More from the same
Narrator
What listeners say about BleachersAverage customer ratings
Reviews - Please select the tabs below to change the source of reviews.
What an annoying voice
I really should listen to the previews before purchasing the books. This book is read by the author. I think he should stick to writing!
- Overall
- Beth
- 22-03-08
Slow
This story of an over the hill football player returning home for his coaches funeral just goes on and on. Pretty boring stuff - especially if you don't understand American football - particularly during the interludes of football announcing.
2 people found this helpful
- Overall
- Jonathan
- 17-06-10
Small and human
Grisham has two books families i know.
the epic movies material about legal staff, which i really like, and the small, shorter "Human" staff which i LOVE.
add Bleachers to skipping Christmas, playing for Pizza and admire his look into the human soul.
when author is the narrator add extra level to my admiration, it takes the book to next level most times. on this one, it sure does.
1 person found this helpfulThe DCE Storm range of compact high-performance reverse jet cartridge dust collectors have been specifically developed to handle dust & fume particulate up to an air extraction rate of 1200m3/hr.
With high cartridge performance and low noise levels the DCE Storm is ideal for small internal applications where foot print is also restricted. Matthew Caldaroni, of Molliteum. Matthew operates a program designed to sharpen the mental performance of athletes & business leaders. The key to his approach is an emphasis on resilience training and providing his clients with the tools & techniques that improve and enhance resilience in a competitive environment.
The pandemic forced Matthew to restrict his personal interaction with his clients but he accelerated the process of offering his services across virtual platforms which opened many new and exciting opportunities for his company.
The interview is now available as an uninterrupted podcast at Itoc Italian:By Nan Austin, McClatchy Newspapers –
MODESTO, Calif. — A.
Powers, 18, moved in with her 41-year-old teacher James Hooker on Feb. 22, the day he resigned from Modesto City Schools. Hooker said he left his wife and three daughters the week before. The school district had suspended him Feb. 3.
Ceres Unified administrator Jay Simmonds said school, such as how to deal with cheating, not showing favoritism, how to handle a student crush.
“This is not an issue that we all of sudden decided to talk about. This is embedded in everything we do,” Uretsky said of teacher ethics..A common mindset that we see amongst small business owners who focus on marketing and selling is “I’ll invest in building a brand once I’m up and running”. This mindset doesn’t allow business owners to see that their company is both a business and also a brand. While you may think that you are saving time at the moment, ignoring creating a brand identity can cause you more headaches down the road. IF you choose to ignore your business’s branding then your messages may be getting through to your audience but may produce undesired results. While not an immediate issue, the impact from this method will get you more questions than sales, and customers who may not understand your brand, so they purchase from competitors.
In order for your small business to compete, you must create a connection with your audience through engagement, marketing, and messaging. Your brand is one of the most valuable assets to your business, and when done right can bring amazing benefits. We will walk you through some tips on how to create a brand identity for your local small business.
Brand Identity 101
Your business’s brand identity is more than just a logo or a name. A brand identity is the culmination of how your brand feels, looks, and speaks to clients. It influences the customer experience and affects how others view your business. With all of this in mind, your small business’s brand identity will not reveal itself to your overnight. It takes research, time, and deep thinking, and once accomplished, will bring great results.
Research is Key to Brand Identity
You cannot create a brand that resonates with your customers if you don’t research who your customer base is. First, take the time to truly understand and learn about your primary and secondary audiences. Develop archetypes that define their interests, hobbies, and values.
Once you have this deeper understanding of your customer base, move on to competitive research. Look at how other companies in your industry position themselves in terms of personalities, themes, and visual elements.
Finally, don’t forget to interview the people closest to your business, your employees. They have an important point of view on how the company should be portrayed. They also can help you with what has and what has not worked with your brand in the past.
Create Assets
Once you finish doing research, you can begin the fun part. You get to translate all of what you learned into a visual asset. Here is a list of common assets brands use.
- Logo
- Color Scheme
- Typography
- Iconography
- Photography and Other Graphics
Refine Your Current Brand’s Identity
Your brand’s identity may change over time, and that is totally acceptable. Once you have created your initial brand identity, start refining it based on feedback from your customers. Try testing out new strategies and methods to see what works best. Always make sure to ask customers who are loyal to your business for their feedback. This not only creates a closer connection with them but also helps you learn what really works and what doesn’t.
These are just some of the many different methods that you can use to help your small business brand become more recognizable, which will benefit you in the long run. If you have any questions about brand identity or digital marketing, give us at Hometown Marketing Group a call today!Beat the heat in downtown Beaufort with beverages and bar snacks
Story and photos by Mark Shaffer
It’s the time of year in the Lowcountry when all you have to do to break a sweat is walk outside; when the slightest bit of exertion raises a serious risk of spontaneous combustion. Our favorite way to avoid bursting into flames involves the combination of “conditioned air” (God bless you, Mr. Carrier) and alcohol (thank you, God). What follows is a breakdown of our favorite watering holes in the historic district. The research was exhaustive.
ON THE WATERFRONT
Hemingway’s (above)
920 Bay St.
(843) 521-4480
Open daily at 11:00am.
The joint was named after him on a whim, but Papa would feel right at home here. The bar’s practically painted with character. Located in the bottom of the magnificent Thomas Law Building, Hemingway’s is a first class dive bar and a one-of-a-kind on the waterfront. This is where Beaufort’s service industry professionals go to drink. On an average night you might need a shoehorn and a can of Crisco to squeeze into the joint. It’s also the perfect spot for a pre-lunch eye-opener or a post work shot and beer. Sundays are made for the bar’s famous – and inventive – Bloody Marys under the pergola on the breezy dog-friendly patio. Tell Zoë we sent you.
The actual heart pine bar seats half a dozen patrons with a few tables along the whitewashed brick wall. The place is festooned with autographed currency – an old sailor’s tradition. Back in Beaufort’s movie-making days this was a hangout for stars and crew alike. The “Wall St.” subway sign from “Die Hard III” hangs on the wall. Happy hour runs from 5-7 daily with 50 cents off beer and $1.50 off liquor and the usual cheap shots, so to speak.
Luther’s Rare and Well Done
910 Bay St.
(843) 521-1888
Open 11 am daily
Each time I walk into Luther’s I expect to find Norm Peterson and Cliff Claven arguing over “Final Jeopardy.” Luther’s has a serious Cheers vibe (no accident) but with a terrific view of the river. The Marine Corps flag flies over the shady pet-friendly deck and families pack the place during graduation weekends at Parris Island. The Corps motto “semper fidelis” (“always faithful”) certainly applies to Luther’s crack team of regulars whom you’ll find polishing the same bar stools on any given day swapping stories and telling lies.
Portraits former owners Charles and Julie Luther hang on the east wall with a sign bellow that reads, “You can’t drink all day unless you start in the morning.” The faithful have taken this to heart. There’s something happening most nights with live music Thursday through Saturday. Daily happy hour runs 4-7 with booze & beer discounts. Damn good burgers.
Plums
904 Bay St. (843) 525-1946
Open daily at 11 am
The year Plums opened “Top Gun” was flying high at the box office. The bar’s aged a lot better than Val Kilmer. Both Plums and its fine dining sister establishment, Saltus, pack in locals and visitors alike. I once had a conversation with a couple from Chicago who’d been coming to Beaufort every spring for nearly two decades. They looked forward to sitting in the window seats at the bar all year long. “Why here?” I asked. The woman grins. Her husband points to the view. “Because we don’t have that in Chicago,” he says. “And here it comes with cold beer and fried oysters.” That’s Plums in a nutshell..
Q On Bay
822 Bay Street
(843) 524.7771
Open daily at 11:00 am
Four things matter most at Q: barbecue, beer, sports and music. What Q does better than anyone else downtown – or north of the Broad, for that matter – is craft draft. You’ll find 32 rotating taps of seasonal brews at Q like the Holy City Farmhouse Ale from just up highway 17 and the Fat Pig Bearded Ronin from some other place farther away. (Hey, is that PBR hiding between the Stone IPA and Abita Blueberry Wheat?) Order up a beer flight to taste your way through the high gravity stuff while avoiding the usual consequences.
Q features happy hour from 4-7 with discounts on beer and well liquor and there’s live music from Wednesday through Saturday. Thursday nights bear witness to the growing local legend of the Bull Grapes. There are few spots better to catch a game on the giant flat screens or just sit and soak up the river view. Oh, and there’s barbecue – all manner of barbecue. And the sliders and tacos come in a variety of flavors including brisket, pulled pork & chicken, shrimp & fish. The slow smoked wings, however, rule.
Saltus River Grill
802 Bay St.
(843) 379-3474
Open daily 4pm
If it weren’t for the perfect view of the Woods Memorial Bridge the Sonoma style patio might fool you into thinking you were in California wine country. Inside the sleek, stone topped bar whispers sophisticated metropolitan chic. Here we begin the search for Beaufort’s best craft cocktails – specialty drinks made from fresh ingredients that are either invented in-house or riffs on classics. Saltus also boasts a world-class wine list and a good selection of draft and bottle beers, including seasonals and micro brews.
But for us the major draw is the sushi and Tuesday it’s half price. Saltus also has a raw bar with select oysters and seasonal specials and Chef Brian Waters’ small plates are locally sourced and seasonal.
OFF THE WATER
Emily’s Restaurant and Tapas Bar
906 Port Republic St.
(843) 522-1866
Open 4:00pm daily
Owner Tommy Winburn bought the massive antique bar on eBay and flew to Wisconsin to find it “in a barn in about a hundred pieces.” A photo of the original location in Little Chute hangs on the wall. The former owners wandered in recently and shared some bar lore. The story goes that before he became the target of Elliott Ness’ Untouchables, Al Capone would hang out there conducting mob business between Milwaukee and Chicago. During the glory days of Lombardi’s Packers, the bar in Little Chute was a favorite spot for players far from curfews and restrictions. So, belly up to that sprawling piece of well-worn American oak and imagine sharing it with the original Scarface and NFL Hall of Famer, Paul Hornung. My guess is that Hornung would be more fun.
There’s no happy hour but the price of cocktails drops on Port Republic Street and the wines are fabulous values by glass or bottle. A good selection of bottled beer makes up for a lack of draft. The tapas menu is huge and you can’t go wrong with Chef Long’s award winning fried oysters. In the fall local Gamecock faithful gather here and on the first Saturday in May hats are worn and whiskey is spilled on Derby day.
The Old Bull Tavern
205 West Street
(843) 379.2855
5:00 pm – till, Tues – Sat
Five nights a week you’ll find one of Beaufort’s most vibrant social and culinary scenes beneath los cuernos del Toro, the horns of the bull. Some bars pour booze. The Old Bull makes cocktails. Chef John Marshall’s throwback sensibility is evident on the cocktail menu with a short list of classics like The Corpse Reviver #2 (gin, Lillet Blanc, Cointreau, lime juice and Pernod) from Harry Craddock’s classic 1930 “Savoy Cocktail Handbook.”
House Cocktails change with the seasons and the available local ingredients (the Bull’s all about local). At this writing the LBG is a cool summer mix of lemon, basil, canton ginger and vodka. My personal favorite is the Purgatory, a sassy blend of silver tequila, fresh grapefruit juice, honey and a kiss of habanero. Favorite bar snacks include the Green Eggs & Ham (wasabi deviled eggs & prosciutto) and the artisanal wood fired pizzas. Hint: if you want a seat at the bar, get there early.
Breakwater Restaurant and Bar
203 Carteret St.
(843) 379-0052
Open Monday – Saturday 5pm
Luxuriously appointed with plush leather banquettes and George Nelson bubble lamps the bar & lounge at Breakwater echo a bygone era of style and grace. Call it casual sophistication. When we started this column back in ‘09 I wrote that “Maybe this is a little like the vibe in Sherman Billingsley’s famous Stork Club back in the day. It’s not hard to imagine Frank and Marilyn canoodling in a corner or Rocky Marciano knocking back a shot and a beer at the bar, his knuckles still swollen from knocking out Archie Moore.” Much of the impressive “wall of wine” is available by the glass, and this is the only happy hour off the waterfront with discounts on beer, wells, wine and bubbles. Expect stellar service here. Breakwater’s crack staff of mixologists whips up seasonal craft cocktails and classics to pair with the daily food specials. Get more mileage out of your martini with small plates like the Waygu Beef Sliders and Crispy Seared Pork Belly. Chef Shaw’s fried chicken is pure love on a plate.
COMING UP
Our Insider’s Guide to the Best Bars outside of the Historic District
Click on LowcountryWeekly.com for links to Chef & Bartender video recipes- Registrations open for Fellowship Diploma in Anterior Skull Base Surgery 2021
- KMC (affiliate of Medical Council of India) has awarded 6 CME credit points for each module.
- Registrations Open for Fellowship Diploma in Lateral Skull Base Surgery 2021
Partners
ASSOCIATIONS
The ACNS (Asian Congress of Neurological Surgeons) is a family of Asian Neurosurgeons striving to improve the standards of Neurosurgery in Asia. The objective is to bring all the Neurosurgeons in Asian countries together and learn, discuss and grow together. The leaders are poising to take ACNS to the next level where one of the best education in Neurosurgery is rendered to all the residents in Asia, irrespective of the country. The ACNS courses have been a very successful attempt and have given residents a chance to learn with the masters at a price that does not put a burden on the residents and struggling young Neurosurgeons from Asia.
The EAONO (EUROPEAN ACADEMY OF OTOLOGY AND NEURO-OTOLOGY) brings together groups and/or experts in Otology and Neuro-Otology or Skull Base Surgery from all over Europe to stimulate basic and clinical research relating to these systems and disorders.
The NASO SANO ONLUS ASSOCIATION aims exclusively for solidarity and research purposes in the study and treatment of nose-sinus, inflammatory and cancer diseases, with particular attention to prevention.
Indian Academy of Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery
IAOHNS is an independent academic body whose goal is to promote and foster academic interactions and research in the field of otorhinolaryngology in India.
VENUE
MS Ramaiah University is an Innovation University that focuses on UG and PG Education, Research, Consultancy, Training, Skill and Leadership Development.
EQUIPMENTS
Bien-Air Medical Technologies develops, manufactures, and markets instrumentation devices and systems across multiple dental and surgery specialities.
Jullsurg is an India based company engaged in manufacturing and distributing a qualitative range of surgical equipments.
Sanma Medineers develops the operating microscope and video attachments with today’s availability technology and quality. lengthwise and you’re ready to go.
We love how the stone glazes look in the water, but you can also get fancy with the glazing with a bit of paint or a watercolor.
There are many different types of stone, so we’d suggest buying at least one type that matches your design.
Glazing beads can be used for a variety of purposes, and are an easy way to add depth and texture to your project.
You can buy them in beads, beads, and stones, and use them in all kinds of ways.
The easiest way to get started is to cut the bead with a small circular knife.
You should then have two bead pieces, one with the stone and the other with the white paper.
The paper is then used to glaze the bead.
You can buy the bead in stone, beads or stones.
The best option is to buy a small piece of stone or even a small stone bead.
You will want to buy the right stone for your project, so make sure you get the stone that’s the same size and color as your stone.
Glazes can be a great addition to any stone design.
For example, you could use glazing stone to add the feel of a stone-covered patio in a house.
Glazing stones can also add a sense of depth and depth of color to a stone, and can also make your project feel more inviting.Question: unable to reset password
0
2.9 years ago by
brian.hermann • 40
United States
brian.hermann • 40 wrote:
Hello,
For some reason, I am unable to reset my password. I submitted a reset request, but no email appeared (not even in spam or quarantine). Since the instructions are "If you do not receive an email shortly, please contact an administrator," please advise on how I can fix this problem.
Thanks!
Brian
ADD COMMENT • link •modified 2.9 years ago by Dannon Baker ♦ 3.7k • written 2.9 years ago by brian.hermann • 40City of Aspen building its COVID-19 health team
AP Photo/David Zalubowski
Aspen electeds consider citywide face mask zonE
Aspen City Council on Monday voted on first reading on an ordinance that would require people to wear face coverings in all indoor and outdoor public spaces throughout the city limits.
If passed on final reading Tuesday night, there would be no exemptions for those who are exercising, or those on a bike.
The new law would eliminate the current rule that masks only need to be worn if a person is going to be within six feet of another and are not part of the same household.
It also would exempt people who are stationary while eating al fresco, as well as indoors.
There also are exceptions for age and medical condition. Also exempt are those inside a private residence or working in a professional office who do not have face-to-face interactions with the public or co-workers. Performers, who are 25 feet away from spectators, also would be exempt.
A majority of council during Monday’s special meeting agreed that the emergency ordinance, if passed, be in effect immediately and last until Nov. 1, when it would be reevaluated.
Council members Rachel Richards, Ann Mullins and Skippy Mesirow were in support for the zone to encompass everything in city limits to keep the message simple and clear that wearing a mask is necessary all the time in public to slow the spread of COVID-19.
Council member Ward Hauenstein and Mayor Torre favored a more condensed area, known as the “central zone,” which encompasses the areas between Original/Neal Street on the east, Aspen Street on the west, Aspen Mountain to the south and the Roaring Fork River.
Hauenstein said he would extend it to Herron and Newbury parks, the No Problem Joe Bridge area and the base of Highlands.
He and Torre said they were concerned about compliance in such a large area like the entire city. They also said the zone is to address condensed areas where aerosol spread of the virus is more likely.
Torre and Hauenstein voted in favor of the citywide zone to move the ordinance forward for further discussion on Tuesday but voiced their reservations.
“I hate to vote against this but I have serious questions” on such a wide swath of the city, Torre said. “This is tough stuff guys ... unprecedented is not a word that is underutilized these days.”
Because it’s an emergency ordinance, four out of five council voters must vote in the affirmative for it to pass.
Richards and Mullins, who supported a more condensed zone last week, said feedback from citizens since then have convinced them to get more draconian.
“The fear that our residents are developing of our guests I think is a very negative thing,” Richards said. “There is starting to be some real disdain and questioning whether we should be a community like this at all, a tourism community, when our guests don’t seem to care about our health or our public safety ... people are worried about this ... (the virus) is spreading like no tomorrow.
The city of Aspen is beefing up its health protection team and aligning it with Pitkin County’s to ensure better compliance with COVID-19 public health orders.
The team is in the process of following up on 14 complaints forwarded by the county that were received by members of the public between July 15 and July 22.
The complaints that require investigation are being extracted from the county-wide database, which had a total of 60 complaints since it’s been up and running for the past month, according to C.J. Oliver, the city’s director of environmental health.
He said team members will contact the business in person to discuss the complaint, or potential violation, and provide whatever assistance they need to tighten up the operation so they are complying with local and state orders.
“We are trying to get them to understand what is expected of them and help them,” Oliver said.
He is in the process of hiring two new full-time consumer and employee health protection specialists, who will help with education, compliance and other COVID-19 matters.
One individual, who has a background in retail management, is scheduled to start Aug. 6.
The other person, who currently lives in Eagle and has a background in public health and retail, has the job offer but is looking for housing and will either accept or decline by Wednesday, Oliver said.
Both employees will be paid just under $30 an hour and will receive full benefits.
The positions are open-ended.
“We’ll have these folks in the field as long as there’s COVID compliance to be done,” Oliver said.
As part of its $6 million COVID-19 relief and recovery package that Aspen City Council approved in April, $350,000 has been committed to the health protection team.
That money goes to full-time staff, equipment, technology, specific printing and record-keeping systems.
The current city health team, which consists of a handful of city staff members and community resource officers, has been in the field for about a month.
Because of their regular job duties, they are limited to a couple of hours a day to focus on COVID-19-related issues.
The new specialists will provide a more consistent presence in the community, Oliver noted in a memo to council for its Monday work session.
It also will add capacity to the city’s COVID-19 response, which has been behind in some regards as public health orders continue to change.
“I feel like we’re trying to play catch-up,” Oliver said, adding he looks forward to offseason so he can get the team up to speed to help businesses prepare for winter.
Additionally, his team is working closer with Pitkin County staff to better align health protection efforts in both jurisdictions to make sure information is consistent for all businesses and people who are subject to the public health orders in the area.
“I want people to experience seeing the same thing at the ABC as they are in Snowmass Village and here in Aspen,” Oliver said. “We’re trying to be in lockstep with the county and I’m excited to get these ships aligned.”
Shared information includes databases for tracking contacts, communication on enforcement actions and county public health support with subject matter expertise, and tools to perform complaint investigations and contacts with businesses.
County staff is attending the city’s health team meetings to assist and collaborate, and city staff is taking part in county discussions for similar reasons, Oliver said.
County staff has been sorting through the complaints that don’t require an official investigation, or are not actually violations of the public health order.
Those types of complaints make up at least one-fourth of the volume coming into the county, according to Oliver.
Data recently provided to the Pitkin Board of County Commissioners indicated that more than 70% of complaints are occurring in the city.
Oliver said the city will use the county database to extract trends and identify focal points in the field.
The majority of complaints are originating from behavior in restaurants and from those who are concerned about people not wearing face coverings, according to Oliver.
There have been a small number of businesses that have been challenging and have required more frequent visits as public health orders have come down.
Some have been issued notices of violation of the county public health order, which is prosecuted through the county.
Scarlett’s, a restaurant and bar, along with The Gym in Obermeyer Place, have been cited for allegedly violating aspects of the public health order.
However, Oliver said the majority of restaurants are working cooperatively with staff to establish systems to help ensure ongoing compliance with the public health orders.
“I feel like we are making good progress,” he said. “There have been significant improvements in the businessRobert Eckelman
Products have life cycles, so do people. I think I have earned & learned from the gray on my head.
Updated: Jul 15
I have been fortunate to learn from the wisdom of. If I knew then, what I know now, things could have been easier. That said I think challenges we faced, or the obstacles young professionals will face, build character, resilience, and success.
As we move through the product or personal life cycle we definitely hit the stages of growth maturity and decline or product extension period. I am completely not ready for the decline, so my choice is product extension. CTV and entrepreneurship have definitely spawned new growth and fulfillment.
For what it is worth, I do try and share professional and personal experiences that influence successful outcomes.
The chart above is a typical product lifecycle. As I reflect on where I have been, and the plan for my future, the chart below is my personal life cycle.
Yellow Plaid Silk Tie Crystal Brooches Pocket Square Cufflinks Set
- Regular
- $30.00
- Sale
- $30.00
- Regular
-
Sold Out
- Unit Price
- per
Treat yourself with a new pattern and splash of color to your look with this unique tie set.
- 100% Silk
- Handmade
- Package Includes: Tie, Pocket Square, Cufflinks & Crystal Brooches.
- Length: 59"
- Width: 3.34"
- Warm iron if needed
We offer FREE International Shipping World Wide!World Ch. Schedule : KST
* Date : 2008-10-17
The Korea Folk Art Festival was founded in 1958 and has served as Korea's greatest celebration for traditional culture as well as a ground for harmony and friendship. From ancient times, Koreans have solved conflicts and cultivated teamwork through festivals. The Korea Folk Art Festival promotes Korea's folk culture to the world and carries on the proud tradition of Korea's culture and folk art.Coconut oil is a rich of medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) and lauric acid which kill a myriad of bacteria, protozoa and fungus, including Candida albicans – the fungus responsible for yeast infections.
Coconut oil is also gluten-free.
Store coconut oil at room temperature.
Serving size: 1 tsp(s)vegetable oil
Calories: 43
Omega-6 / Omega-3 ratio: 0 : 1
Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Nullam id dolor id nibh ultricies vehicula ut id elit.Last secrets of the Queen Mother's favourite traitor: Memoirs of society spy Anthony Blunt could rock Royals.'
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards.
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.Topic is THE streaming service that introduces groundbreaking crime, thrillers, dramas, and docs from around the world to a North American audience. Taking you to more than 40 countries, our exclusive TV series, award-winning movies, and critically acclaimed documentaries offer a unique window in....
The murder of a political refugee in Brussels catches the attention of inspector Paul Gerardi; the victim fled Kitangi, a former Belgian colony in Africa. As Gerardi investigates, he discovers an international conspiracy involving blood diamonds.
In 1992, Milan prosecutors launched the mani pulite investigation into Italy’s political corruption. This series follows six people whose lives are intertwined by the scandal which contributed to the collapse of several major political parties..
Three incarcerated men have one year to turn an unruly puppy into a guide dog.
In this Oscar®-nominated film, a corrections officer gets lost in inmate letters.
When a pregnant vegan decides to eat meat, she frees a whole new side of herself.
Filmmakers capture the final moments of five individuals at various stages in the process of dying.
Comedian Gastor Almonte talks about parenthood and repping East New York.
An intimate look at a Brooklyn funeral director during the rise of COVID-19.
Meet Garden Rail Magazine’s impassioned community of railway enthusiasts.
There’s nothing like experiencing a tornado to confirm one’s belief in God.
The rhythms of everyday life in Atlanta, Georgia, from a number of points of view.
Iconic movie scenes of the 20th century as seen through 21st century technology.
Teachers and staff of a high school try to navigate life in modern-day America.
The story of the woman featured in an iconic protest image.
The city of Cleveland was abuzz on September 27, 1986. Over 1.5 million balloons were about to be released at once, breaking the world record. What could go wrong?
A family of Israeli settlers find themselves stranded in the West Bank.
The girls in dresses, the boys in suits, and everyone is losing their minds.
A man tries to outclimb his grief by summiting a mountain on a remote island.
Can Sean and Casey be a normal couple when the town thinks he killed his family?
Their school lost funding, so these students found a unique solution.
When a present becomes more than just an object.
It would be natural to want to scream.
Gay men in rural Tennessee share their stories of struggle and self-acceptance.
Parkland students find healing after the shooting in play rehearsals.
A woman is beset by vicious panic attacks, but she receives some unexpected help.
By day she's an investigator, by night she makes dioramas of gruesome events.
Meet the young mayor who a Texas town’s first openly gay elected official.
An animated exploration into the mind-boggling phenomenon that is synchronicity.
The remarkable true story of an officer who crossed the “blue code of silence.”
An elderly Lebanese couple follow the 2011 Egyptian spring revolution on TV.
A taxi driver in Tripoli is confounded by a mysterious little boy in his car.
A series of inexplicable events alters the realities of two women named Helen.
Mental health is important! No one knows that better than comedian Maria Bamford. Now she’s opening up the discussion with fellow comedians and artists who share their own experiences. Join their funny, moving, and utterly candid conversations.
A timely mash-up of original sketches, musical performances, animation and rare Second City footage. Featuring Second City alumni and famous friends and filmed from basements, bedrooms and bunkers from across the country.
Survivors in post-apocalyptic New Orleans reclaim their loved ones from the waves.
There’s only one way to really get to know a writer: over drinks. Reza Aslan sips Old Fashioneds with today’s most important voices in writing, across multiple disciplines, diving into their process, inspiration, and backgrounds. Cheers.
The Trump administration is doing everything to keep Mexican and Central American migrants from crossing into the United States. Filmmaker Jordi Ruiz Cirera traveled to Tijuana and asked four migrant children to imagine the life that may await them.
Academy Award-winning documentary about a Black teen wrongfully accused of murder.
An artist laments a lost love during a train ride.
The premise is simple: one random caller is chosen and Chris Gethard talks to that person for 30 unfiltered minutes. From a caller who recently discovered she’s gay to a walking ghost magnet, the stories range from inspiring to downright chilling.
There are 75 different categories of American work visas - but one of the best known is O-1, the “genius” visa designated for people who have attained profound professional achievement. We explore what it takes to qualify for this rare status.
Everyone is good at something -- so, what are YOU good at?
A series of dares turns into a history of violence.
A group of Jewish senior citizens find community in a fast food restaurant.
A meditation on life, created from archival imagery from the golden age of space.
All she told her daughter is that they were going for a walk.
A young woman in a nameless Eastern Bloc country dreams of going abroad.
Some of the best gems on YouTube have under 1000 views.
Two adventurous lemurs navigate their dirigibles halfway around the world.
Mother opens up to her daughter about her own tumultuous upbringing.
A portfolio manager learns his relationships are hurting more than his business.
Surviving prison can be as surreal as The Twilight Zone.
Inmates in Arizona work to tame wild horses as they prepare for their own release.
For six decades, this state park has played host to a special kind of mammal.
In 1973, a new album from a band called Lavender Country came out. In more ways than one.
Crystal is just another American millennial, except for how she makes her money.
Lies, betrayal, threats, and bowls of chips.
A transgender man, a mysterious death, and a crime that would haunt Australia.
Three mothers who choose not to live with their children open up it.
A lone fisherman encounters an android he wanted to keep in his dark past.
An immigrant in New York learns the rules of basketball.
A teenage squabble turns into a lesson about collective responsibility.
A crew of astronauts returns to Earth with some unexpected otherworldly vibes.
An awkward teen acts as reluctant pimp for a studly feline.
A divorced dad is torn.
A recent breakup fuels two friends during a long slog up a steep hill.
A full-body sweater never looked so naked.
Watch as people of all ages attempt to make their first-ever leap off a high dive.
Forty-seven brief but vivid vignettes about the paradoxical nature of our world.
A dreamlike short blurring the boundaries between humans and the natural world.
Meet the first same-sex couple to compete in the San Manuel Sweetheart Dance.
A Palestinian family navigates raising Arabian horses in the West Bank.
Could this dance-comedy-sketch weirdness become a new holiday tradition?
What happens when you get what you think you want.
A school note is just the excuse for Semele to visit her long absent father.
A beautiful portrait of a charismatic—and American Idol winning—New Yorker.
Two filmmakers spend a day documenting the public's reaction to Air Force One.
A group of white kids with fake guns try to reenact the LA riots
The rise and fall of promising 1960s folk artist Richard Atkins.
The border town of Del Rio becomes a vibrant limbo for an actress and a cowboy.
A woman’s plan to take her place among the martyrs is complicated.
A young woman’s relaxing night at home goes south … in the best possible way.
A man agrees to subject himself to a time-warp experiment.
A fast-talking fox ends up behind bars. Where did it all go wrong?
The true story of a mother’s fight to protect her family during Apartheid.
A little girl is forced to grow up fast.
A galloping jazz soundtrack, visualized as a cityscape and colorful shapes.
Can this Venezuelan village survive corruption, pollution, and economic decay?
An adult man living with his mom in Tripoli suddenly has to fend for himself.
Battling boredom, Houston retirement home residents take up a wacky new hobby.
Three strangers who died on the same day share surprising similarities.
A kid killing time takes a supersonic thrill ride without leaving his desk.
Students flock here to learn the secrets of hand-pulling lamian.
Some people dive into their 20s. Noemí Goldberg is wading through hers.
His dad taught him what to bring—not how to deal with what was left behind.
Meet the Beverly Hills parents who scream from the sidelines.
The kind of know-how you can’t get from a book.
An Italian slur for African Americans gets transposed to a whole other community.
An angry little bear loses his mother. Then he loses his mind.
A couple find a nasty surprise in their store-bought meal and see dollar signs.
Incarcerated women are reunited with their children for Mother's Day.
Meet the last person harvesting Spanish moss in all of Louisiana.
These Indigenous peoples went from living off the land to building skyscrapers.
A steampunk-inspired animated fable about a munitions factory.
A meditation on how an acting role can affect life offstage.
A stolen car and an indifferent police force make for an everyday injustice.
The astounding tale of legally blind street magician Adam Jaslikowski.
This lushly illustrated animated film, presented as a sort of travel notebook, follows a Western traveler as they visit Madagascar and come into contact with a variety of Malagasy customs and rituals—in particular the Famadihana.
A mother and son find out the USSR isn’t the only thing having an identity crisis.
Babysitting can be a nightmare.
There’s no such thing as a free ride.
Man who grew up without a father mentors another.
Benjamin Netanyahu’s rise to power, told through his revealing media appearances.
Broke single dad tries to fulfill his son’s Christmas wish.
Sharing the afterlife with Mickey Mouse, Bette Davis, Spot, and, of course, Satan.
Things are not quite what they seem in this film featuring a woman, a wedding dress, and a Greek ferry.
A gym manager helps a young girl achieve her weight-lifting goals.
In this artful short, we meet a millennial with a unique method for making money.
An animated short about what could be the next evolution of fish.
A gentleman shooter wanders the Scottish moors in search of elusive prey.
A young pregnant Israeli woman tricks an older lady into hanging out with her.
Imagine listening to stories and songs made of literal loved ones.
In this haunting short, a man in Ethiopia communes with his nocturnal friends.
A Syrian artist returns to his hometown to live, and paint, in a war zone.
Cupid's arrow might be more like a dart thrown by a lounge singer
A couple braces themselves for the day their son heads to trial.
On the night of Ted Bundy’s execution, a teenager is taken for a ride.
More than 150 hikers find themselves engulfed by flames in an Oregon forest fire.
While packing to emigrate, a family is surprised by a gigantic teddy bear.
A collection of bizarre crimes by Floridians, taken from real news stories.
You found a dinosaur in the woods. But who’s going to believe you?
Try not to root for this young wrestler. We dare you
A city dweller finds a young boy in the woods and takes him in. But is this wild child safer outside than in?
The tragic but inspiring story of one of NASA’s first African-American astronauts.
This short film tells the story of the country’s oldest interracial newlyweds.
This cowboy bank robber isn’t what he seems.
Filmmaker Andrew Ahn cast his own family in this short about a gay Korean man.
A documentary about two crimes, in which one act of terror becomes another.
When the fog of war is a sandstorm.
Is there a conspiracy behind the rapid gentrification of his London neighborhood?
A story of deportation, displacement, and rebuilding your life in Tijuana.
Meeting his dad’s significant other is one thing; accompanying her on a plane ride is another. In this epilogue to Babs, Robbie takes the trip of a lifetime.
What happened when a group of college athletes protested racial injustice.
Two friends settle a debate about the best cyclist of all time.
The rise, fall, rise, fall, and rise of a civilization hell-bent on its own destruction.
Bellingcat: citizen journalists or international crime solvers?
An animated short on determination, camaraderie, and running in the sand.
Writer and lyricist looks back on the creation of his musical.
An abuelita living alone in Mexico has a once-in-a-lifetime family reunion.
An exposé of the discriminatory Hyde Amendment through real women’s stories.
A young woman discards artificial selves to uncover an authentic one.What do Baptists believe about religions dont drink alcohol?
Unlike Judaism and Christianity, Islam strictly forbids alcohol consumption. While Muslims consider the Hebrew Bible and Gospels of Jesus to be relevant scriptures, the Quran supersedes previous scriptures.
What religion drinks the most alcohol?
The highest average scores were recorded for the (few) Muslim regular drinkers (who also consumed the most alcohol). A clear association with religious observance was found for all three Asian groups and for the white men. Bible say religion does nationality has the most.
Can Methodists drink alcohol?
The Methodist Church treats alcohol as a recreational drug. Members of the church should minimize their use, if not fully cut it out, in order to maximize their experience of God’s grace.
Is it a sin to believe in zodiac signs?
Participating in the belief of Zodiac signs is participating in astrology which throughout all of Scripture, the Bible condemns and God considers evil. Believing in zodiac signs is not wise.
Do Baptists believe.
Is smoking a sin in Christianity?
Christianity. The Roman Catholic Church does not condemn smoking per se, but considers excessive smoking to be sinful, as described in the Catechism (CCC 2290):Our Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how KR Group Ltd uses and protects any information that you give KR Group Ltdwhen you use this website.
KR Group Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
KR Group Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 12/06/19 we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping.
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- Here at KR Group Ltd we take privacy seriously and will only use your personal information above to administer your account and provide the products and services you have requested from us and as part of an on-going service.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Privacy and Cookie
Cookies – At KR Group Ltd, we do NOT use any cookies on our site. KR Group Ltd | Unit 6 | Loanhead Industrial Estate | Newburgh | Aberdeenshire | AB41 6AN
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Back to home pageTP-Link TL-WPA4220 Kit AV 500 Powerline 300M Wi-Fi Extender
Buy TP-Link TL-WPA4220 Kit AV 500 Powerline 300M Wi-Fi Extender from Brightsource Kenya
Quick Product Features
- The
TP-Link 300Mbps AV500 Wi-Fi Powerline Extender Starter Kit.Chef José Andrés has called upon the incoming Biden administration to appoint a new cabinet position, specifically focused on food and hunger, called the Secretary of Food.
The chef, who founded the non-profit World Central Kitchen, told Yahoo! News in a recent interview that he feels this position would be vitally important, especially as Americans are facing immense challenges related to food and hunger during the COVID-19 pandemic. Feeding America estimates that one in six Americans could face hunger as a result of the pandemic. José said that this proposed position would be separate from the Department of Agriculture and focus specifically on food itself and the systems around distributing it and accessing it.
“We need to understand one thing: that food is more than the USDA. Food is more than just all of the mechanics of a smart agricultural system,” he said in the interview: “Food is immigration. Food is health. Food is national security. Food is job creation. Food is economic growth."
“We need to make sure that we have somebody near the president that sees food as what it is: a very important issue that sometimes falls between the cracks,” he continued.
This isn't the first time he has called for such a position. The chef wrote an op-ed for The New York Times last week titled simply "We Need a Secretary of Food."
"This pandemic year has reminded us of so many things we have forgotten, or ignored. But it will also show us the path forward, to someday feeding all of America equitably. By returning to our roots, I believe we can build a better future for ourselves and our communities," he wrote in part.
José has shown support for Joe Biden in the past and the two even discussed food insecurity and the state of the restaurant industry during a town hall hosted by Yahoo News. While he said he is happy with his current roles and wouldn't say if he would take such a position, it's clear Chef José will continue to step up to support and advise leaders.
“If President Biden needs my help or the help of the other 350 million Americans I know, all of us, we will be there,” he told Yahoo!. “Myself, I’m there already, I don’t need to be called.”November 18, 2020
Thousands more apply for MD unemployment as legislatures work to improve the system
Credit: WDVM, Roshan Davis
MARYLAND (WDVM) — Seventeen-thousand Marylanders have applied for unemployment benefits just within the last week, according to Maryland Senator Chris Van Hollen, and that number is only going up. With coronavirus restrictions increasing across the state, many residents are once again facing the possibility of losing their jobs.
Since the beginning of the pandemic, the unemployment rate in the state has more than doubled, according to Maryland Congressman David Trone. And as cases spike all over Maryland, state legislatures are looking for ways to continue to assist their constituents as current protections expire.
“People are literally being evicted from their homes because they’re not able to receive these unemployment insurance benefits,” said Van Hollen.
Even with representatives working to provide aid to Maryland residents, legislatures worry that the state of unemployment will get worse before it gets better and that Marylanders could see a shocking rise in the percentage. Even with the holiday season approaching, during which many people find temporary work due to the increased demand for retail employees, large layoffs are expected to occur around the start of 2021.
“There’s no question,” said Trone. “I could see ten percent unemployment, frankly, in a heartbeat.”
This is no doubt a stressful thought for residents of the state. Thousands of people are still waiting in long phone lines to reach the Department of Labor, and have been waiting for several weeks or months to be able to file their claims. State legislatures are aware of this backlog and are calling for something to be done.
“We are grateful to all the people who are processing those claims,” said Van Hollen. “But we also have to fix the system. The state of Maryland needs to improve.”
Along with working to improve the speed of processing claims, Maryland legislatures are working to expand the reach of the state’s benefits in order to help people who may have been previously left out of the conversation.
“The new legislation we’re working on will pick up part-time, gig workers, and extend for full-time workers, while this pandemic continues to reach the absolute high point it’s ever had,” said Trone.
Maryland’s congressional leaders seem to be cautiously optimistic about the future of pandemic relief, but they also emphasize that all Marylanders must work together in order to better our situation.
“If we want to open our schools and our economy, the best thing we can all do is wear a mask and listen to the public health experts,” said Van Hollen./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/46654080/usa-today-8672934.0.jpg)
On the heels of re-signing utility forward Patrick Eaves to a one-year contract extension, the Dallas Stars look set to bring back another lower-line utility forward from last year's roster as well, according to the immensely trustworthy Mike Heika.
Stars expected to announce two-year contract extension for Curtis McKenzie today.— Mike Heika (@MikeHeika) July 1, 2015
And just a bit later, Heika had the terms of the deal:
I'm hearing McKenzie's numbers are $650,000 first year, $700,00 second year. First year is two-way, second year is one-way.— Mike Heika (@MikeHeika) July 1, 2015.
A sixth-round draft pick in 2009, the 6-foot-2 left wing saw most of his success in March last season on a line of Shawn Horcoff and Brett Ritchie.
The signing leaves only defenseman Jamie Oleksiak as a pending restricted free agent who saw NHL time last season.
[Ed. note: The signing is now official. The official release from the team is below.].Citizens' assembly recommends Covid-19 measures
In its recommendations, the randomly selected Thuringian Citizens' Forum Covid-19 calls on the state government to avoid further area-wide school closures if possible. "This was one of the most important demands," said Justice Minister Dirk Adams (Greens) at the presentation of an interim report by the Citizens' Forum on 14 September 2021. He emphasised that the demand had mainly referred to education, but that the Citizens' Forum also pleaded in other areas to avoid closures in autumn and winter as far as possible.
The dialogue format had been initiated by the state government to get the citizens' opinion on how to deal with the Covid-19 pandemic. The aim was to incorporate the recommendations of the citizens' forum into further planning for future pandemic emergency situations. The forum was launched at the beginning of June 2021; the participants met online in four regular sessions and in one working group session. They were advised by experts. According to one of the participants, the number of participants fluctuated between 30 and 51.
55 recommendations
About 55 recommendations for measures from the citizens were included in the interim report..
In the area of care and health, the 13 immediate measures include sponsorships and networking of staff for improved working conditions. In addition, framework conditions for the training of refugees in care are to be created. Bureaucratic processes are to be shortened through digitalised application procedures. The Citizens' Forum has also suggested creating low-threshold further training offers on digital competence locally. In addition, projects for the further training of volunteers should be subsidised unbureaucratically.
Digital teaching concepts and more transparency
In the area of education, the Citizens' Forum advises striving for appropriate digital teaching concepts and educational reform and increasing motivation to learn. In the area of work and culture, the participants suggest that opening scenarios should be explained and justified more transparently. They reject a blanket closure of institutions. There should be vouchers for the use of cultural institutions. Educational work on hygiene measures should be intensified.
Furthermore, the Citizens' Forum recommends the establishment of a Covid-19 hotline and a digital noticeboard for citizens' questions and suggestions. The importance of sport in general as a contribution to health should be focused on.
Citizens' Forum a reflection of the population
For the citizens' forum, 4,002 randomly selected citizens from 73 Thuringian municipalities were contacted. The citizens' forum was then formed from 52 people who were interested in participating. These 52 participants corresponded to the composition of the Thuringian population in terms of region, gender and age group.
A final survey showed that the majority of the participants could imagine participating in citizens' forums on other topics. Most participants are in favour of a mixture of digital events and face-to-face sessions. Only 18 per cent would like to see further citizens' forums conducted predominantly in face-to-face sessions.
More citizens' assemblies on Covid-19
The Thuringian Citizens' Forum Covid-19 was one of several randomly selected citizens' assemblies that discussed measures and ways out of the Covid-19 crisis. The German states of Baden-Württemberg and Saxony had also convened such citizens' assemblies. Citizens' assemblies on the pandemic also existed in France at the national level and in the three cities of Chambéry, Grenoble and Nantes, in Bristol, England, and in the US state of Oregon.
More informationIn case you are a record label or you do own legitimately registered UPC and ISRC codes, you can of course use your own.
Just follow the instructions during the Release creation process.
If you still can't find an answer to what you're looking for, or you have a specific question, open a new ticket and we'd be happy to help!Contact UsIf you have been searching for the best Sunny Paris Spice Blend, you probably have noticed that not all models have the same specifications, some can adapt better than others to different tasks. To help you choose the product you need, we have gathered 10 of the best Sunny Paris Spice Blend Sunny Paris Spice Blend
Features
- One of our most popular salt-free seasonings.
- Great for Cornish hens, chicken, vegetables, rice, eggs and veal.
- Love To Cook - Cook To
- The package dimension of the product is 4.8"L x 3.5"W x 2.7"H
- The package weight of the product is 5.3 ounces
- Only the finest ingredients
- Made of High Quality Materials
Features
- Special Shit All Purpose Seasoning is a savory addition to any food!
- Made from a combination of flavorful spices that are delicately blended to produce a gourmet seasoning unlike any other
- Special Shit is guaranteed to send your taste buds reeling!
Features
- This signature blend seasoning is a staple in red robin restaurants
- All natural
- Use to amplify the flavors of burgers, meats and seafood
- Great accent to fries, vegetables, soups and salads
Features
- Ras.
- Authentic and Exquisite Moroccan Spice Blend
- Our Moroccan Spice Has Best Main 12 SPICE BLEND
-.
Features
-
- 100% All Natural seasonings
- Perfect for seasoning beef, lamb or chicken dishes
- Blend of Paprika, Cumin, Pepper, Cinnamon, Cloves, Cardamom and many more spices..
CHAPTER I — ADDRESS.
To the Emperor Titus Æl. But as we do not think it just to beg to be acquitted on account of the name, if we be convicted as evildo. For we will not require that you punish our accusers;IIL — diver. But lest we should seem to be reasoning sophistically, we consider it right, before giving you the promised many her that is divorced from another husband, committeth adultery.” And, “There.”.”.” And again He answered them, “Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar.”
CHAPTER XVIII — PROOF OF IMMORTALITY AND THE RESURRECTION.,” and, “Fear not them that kill you, and after that can do no more; but fear Him who after death is able to cast both soul and body into.
CHAPTER XXI —? And what kind of deeds are recorded of each of these reputed sons of Jupiter, it is needless to tell to those who already know. This only shall be said, that they are written for the advantage and encouragement.
CHAPTER XXII — ANALOGIES TO THE SONSHIP OF CHRIST..
CHAPTER XXIII — THE ARGUMENT.
And that this may now become evident to you–(firstly), of which there is neither witness nor proof–we shall bring forward the following proof.
CHAPTER XXIV — VARIETIES OF HEATHEN WORSHIP.
In the first place [we furnish proof], because, though we say things similar to what the Greeks say, we only are hated on account of the name of Christ, and though we do no wrong, are put to death as sinners; other men in other places worshipping trees and rivers, and mice and cats and crocodiles, and many irrational animals. Nor are the same animals esteemed by all; but in one place one is worshipped, and another in another, so that all are profane in the judgment of one another, on account of their not worshipping the same objects. And this is the sole accusation you bring against us, that we do not reverence the same gods as you do, nor offer to the dead libations and the savour of fat, and crowns for their statues, and sacrifices. For you very well know that the same animals are with some esteemed gods, with others wild beasts, and with others sacrificial victims.
CHAPTER XXV — FALSE GODS ABANDONED BY CHRISTIANS.
And, secondly, because we–who, out of every race of men, used to worship Bacchus the son of Semele, and Apollo the son of Latona (who in their loves with men did such things as it is shameful even to mention), and Proserpine and Venus (who were maddened with love of Adonis, and whose mysteries also you celebrate), or AEsculapius, or some one or other of those who are called gods–have now, through Jesus Christ, learned to despise these, though we be threatened with death for it, and have dedicated ourselves to the unbegotten and impossible God; of whom we are persuaded that never was he goaded by lust of Antiope, or such other women, or of Ganymede, nor was rescued by that hundred-handed giant whose aid was obtained through Thetis, nor was anxious on this account that her son Achilles should destroy many of the Greeks because of his concubine Briseis. Those who believe these things we pity, and those who invented them we know to be devils.
CHAPTER XXVI — MAGICIANS NOT TRUSTED BY CHRISTIANS..
CHAPTER XXVII — GUILT OF EXPOSING CHILDREN., the things which you do openly and with applause, as if the divine light were overturned and extinguished, these you lay to our charge; which, in truth, does no harm to us who shrink from doing any such things, but only to those who do them and bear false witness against us.
CHAPTER XXVIII — GOD’S CARE FOR MEN. reason why God has delayed to do this, is His regard for the human race. XXIX —.
CHAPTER XXX — WAS CHRIST NOT A MAGICIAN?
But lest any one should meet us with the question, What should prevent that He whom we call Christ, being a man born of men, performed what we call His mighty works by magical art, and by this appeared to be the Son of God?.
CHAPTER.
CHAPTER XXXII — CHRIST PREDICTED BY MOSES.aea,.
CHAPTER XXXIII — MANNER OF CHRIST’S BIRTH PREDICTED. (Saviour).
CHAPTER XXXV —.”
CHAPTER XXXVI — DIFFERENT MODES OF PROPHECY.
But when you hear the utterances of the prophets spoken as it were personally, you must not suppose that they are spoken by the inspired themselves, but by the Divine Word who moves them. For sometimes He declares things that are to come to pass, in the manner of one who foretells the future; sometimes He speaks as from the person of God the Lord and Father of all; sometimes as from the person of Christ; sometimes as from the person of the people answering the Lord or His Father, just as you can see even in your own writers, one man being the writer of the whole, but introducing the persons who converse. And this the Jews who possessed the books of the prophets did not understand, and therefore did not recognise Christ even when He came, but even hate us who say that He has come, and who prove that, as was predicted, He was crucified by them.
CHAPTER XXXVII — UTTERANCES OF THE FATHER.
And that this too may be clear to you, there were spoken from the person of the Father through Isaiah the prophet, the following words: “The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master’s crib; but Israel doth not know, and My people hath not understood. Woe, sinful nation, a people full of sins, a wicked seed, children that are transgressors, ye have forsaken the Lord.” XXXVIII — UTTERANCES OF THE SON.
And when the Spirit of prophecy speaks from the person of Christ, the utterances are of this sort: “I have spread out My hands to a disobedient and gainsaying people, to those who walk in a way that is not good.” And again: “I gave My back to the scourges, and My cheeks to the buffetings; I turned not away My face from the shame of spittings; and the Lord was My helper: therefore was I not confounded: but I set My face as a firm rock; and I knew that I should not be ashamed, for He is near that justifieth Me.” And again, when He says, “They cast lots upon My vesture, and pierced My hands and My feet. And I lay down and slept, and rose again, because the Lord sustained Me.” And again, when He says, “They spake with their lips, they wagged the head, saying, Let Him deliver Himself.” And that all these things happened to Christ at the hands of the Jews, you can ascertain. For when He was crucified, they did shoot out the lip, and wagged their heads, saying, “Let Him who raised the dead save Himself.”
CHAPTER.
CHAPTER XL — CHRIST’S ADVENT FORETOLD,.” And we have thought it right and relevant to mention some other prophetic utterances of David besides these; from which you may learn how the Spirit of prophecy exhorts men to live, and how He foretold the conspiracy which was formed against Christ by Herod the king of the Jews, and the Jews themselves, and Pilate, who was your governor among them, with his soldiers; and how He should be believed on by men of every race; and how God calls Him His Son, and has declared that He will subdue all His enemies under Him; and how the devils, as much as they can, strive to escape the power of God the Father and Lord of all, and the power of Christ Himself; and how God calls all to repentance before the day of judgment comes. These things were uttered thus: “Blessed is the man who hath not walked in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stood in the way of sinners, nor sat in the seat of the scornful: but his delight is in the law of the Lord; and in His law will he meditate day and night. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of waters, which shall give his fruit in his season; and his leaf shall not wither, and whatsoever he the way of the righteous; but the way of the ungodly shall perish. Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine new things? The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the Lord, and against His Anointed, saying, Let us break their bands asunder, and cast their yoke from us. He that dwelleth in the heavens shall laugh at them, and the Lord shall have them in derision. Then shall He speak to them in His wrath, and vex them in His sore displeasure. Yet have I been set by Him a King on Zion His holy hill, declaring the decree of the Lord. The Lord said to.”
CHAPTER XLI —.”
CHAPTER XLII — PROPHECY USING THE PAST TENSE..
CHAPTER XLIII XLIV —.
CHAPTER XLV — CHRIST’S SESSION IN HEAVEN FORETOLD.
And that God the Father of all would bring Christ to heaven after He had raised Him from the dead, and would keep Him there hare I begotten Thee.” tire.
CHAPTER.
CHAPTER XLVII — DESOLATION OF JUDAEA.”.
And again, how it was said by the same Isaiah, that the Gentile nations who were not looking for Him should worship Him, but the Jews who always expected Him should not recognize.”
CHAPTER L — HIS HUMILIATION PREDICTED..
CHAPTER LI — THE MAJESTY OF CHRIST..” Hear, too, how He was to ascend into heaven according to prophecy. It was thus spoken: “Lift up the gates of heaven; be ye opened, that the King of glory may come in. Who is this King of glory? The Lord, strong and mighty.” And how also He should come again out of heaven with glory, hear what was spoken in reference to this by the prophet Jeremiah. His words are: “Behold, as the Son of man He cometh in the clouds of heaven, and His angels with Him.”
CHAPTER LII — CERTAIN FULFILMENT OF PROPHECY.
Since, said in like manner with reference to this; it is as follows: “Their worm shall not rest, and their fire shall not be quenched;”.”
CHAPTER.” For Sodom and Gomorrah are related by Moses to have been cities of ungodly men, which God burned with fire and brimstone, and overthrew, no one of their inhabitants being saved except a certain stranger, a Chaldae.
CHAPTER LIV — ORIGIN OF HEATHEN MYTHOLOGY.. And when, again, they learned that it had been foretold that He should heal every sickness, and raise the dead, they produced Aesculapius.
CHAPTER LV — SYMBOLS OF THE CROSS..
CHAPTER LVI — THE DEMONS STILL MISLEAD MEN. honoured, like the others whom you honour as gods, with a statue..
CHAPTER LVII — AND CAUSE PERSECUTION..
CHAPTER LVIII — AND RAISE UP HERETICS..
CHAPTER LX — PLATO’S DOCTRINE OF THE CROSS.
And the physiological discussion concerning the Son of God in the Timoeus of Plato, where he says, , both vipers and asps, and every kind of serpent, which slew the people; and that Moses, by the inspiration and influence of God, took brass, and made it into the figure of a cross, and set it in the holy tabernacle, and said to the people, “If ye look to this figure, and believe, ye shall be saved thereby.” And when this was done, it is recorded that the serpents died, and it is handed down that the people thus escaped death. Which things Plato reading, and not accurately understanding, and not apprehending that it was the figure of the cross, but taking it to be a placing crosswise, he said that the power next to the first God was placed crosswise in the universe. And as to his speaking of a third, he did this because he read, as we said above, that which was spoken by Moses, “that the Spirit of God moved over the waters.” For he gives the second place to the Logos which is with God, who he said was placed crosswise in the universe; and the third place to the Spirit who was said to be borne upon the water, saying, “And the third around the third.” And hear how the Spirit of prophecy signified through Moses that there should be a conflagration. He spoke thus: .
CHAPTER LXIV — FURTHER MISREPRESENTATIONS OF THE TRUTH. [Cora, i.e., the maiden or daughter] at the spring-heads. For, as we wrote above, Moses said, “In the beginning God made the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form and unfurnished: and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.” In imitation, therefore, of what is here said of the Spirit of God moving on the waters, they said that Proserpine [or Coral was the daughter of Jupiter.. And in like manner the actions of those others who are called sons of Jupiter sufficiently condemn them..
CHAPTER LXVIII — CONCLUSION.rian’s decision, but because we know that what we ask is just. And we have subjoined the copy of Adrian’s epistle, that you may know that we are speaking truly about this. And the following is the copy:
EPISTLE OF ADRIAN IN BEHALF OF THE CHRISTIANS..
EPISTLE OF ANTONINUS TO THE COMMON ASSEMBLY OF AS.
EPISTLE OF MARCUS AURELIUS TO THE SENATE, IN WHICH HE TESTIFIES.
The First Apology of St. Justin Martyr, a defense of the Christian Faith addressed to the Roman Emperor around 150AD by the Roman Teacher and apologist, Justin who was later martyred in Rome for his faith. Justin treats of idolatry, heresy, prophecy, and the symbolism of the cross. He mentions Plato, Moses, the apostles, and many figures from the new and old testament scriptures. Most fascinating is his reccounting of the charges against the Christians which led to their exection–atheism, cannibalism, and sexual perversions associated which what Romans had heard about their eucharistic rituals. To correct these misconceptions, Justin provides an outline of baptism and the eucharistic liturgy of the Roman church at that time which provides us with a priceless glimpse into early Christian worship.
Click here to download and print the First Apology of Saint Justin Martyr. witnessed to Justin on how Jesus fulfilled all the prophecies in the Jewish holy books. As Justin investigated the matter, his realized that he had found the wisdom that he had been searching for all of his life. Justin then became a Christian teacher and lived for a while in Ephesus, after which he moved to Rome, the Imperial Capital. He wrote and spoke openly about Christ, addressing two “apologies” or defenses of the Christian faith to the emperor himself. Justin Martyr became one of the most influential teachers of the 2nd century. Though contemporary writers tell us that he wrote extensively on many topics, only his two apologies and his Dialogue with Trypo, the Jew, survive today..Office Tab Enterprise 14.10 Crack is an ad for Microsoft Office group. It has brilliant plasticity to run, browser, edit, keep and exercise tab with unlike documents. I would Approximating to memorandum that from the tab you will acquire simply compensation, since for all who utilize recent browsers it is suitable to at once navigate during numerous tab and employment with diverse site. If you desire all of your papers open and manage in a lone window, this is an effortless and effortless technique to do it. The Office Tab delivers customizable tabs in PowerPoint, Excel, and utterance in currently second. Office Tab filled is the occupied description of this application and chains Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Access, development and Visio. Also Download Driver Checker Crack
All it does is permit you have all your papers mainly persons connected with Microsoft’s Office suite, on a lone window. It includes a variety of bulk deed option and also offers a sequence of boundary customization facial appearance, for amplified expediency. The extra integrate spotlessly with the border of Office so that it is not visually taxing as we painting on any appearance, worksheet or book. We have been reminding of a helpful and constant Office addition for populace who has countless papers unlock at the similar occasion.
Office Tab Enterprise Registration Key 2021 With [Latest]
Office Tab Enterprise 14.10 Features Key:
- Well-matched with all Windows
- Modify setting vision tabs
- Guard your computer as a maintain.
- Run papers in group
- Fitting practice
System Requirement:
- OS: Windows all Version.
- Random Access Memory: 200 MB
- Hard Disk Drive: 100 MB
- Processor: 1.2 GHz
How to Install:
- Download the Office Tab Enterprise crack file.
- Run the setup file.
- Install the program.
- Done the best Xilisoft iPhone Magic Platinum Crack edition.A1 Vehicle Tuning
Mercedes Vito 212CDI 2006
Mercedes Vito 111CDI 2006
Bench Remap today
109BHP ----> 180BHP
270NM ----> 400NM
Huge gains on this Mercedes Vito today a 65% increase in the engines power and 45% increase on the vehicles torque.... another happy customer on this one as you can expect 👍😀Adding product to your cart.
This is a handy set that can be carried to a friend’s house for play! Better yet, bring it on road trips or plane trips, dentist visits or at long dinners when you want to keep the little ones busy and engaged in more than just screen time! You can pretend play bringing your pet to the vet!If you could travel anywhere in Wyoming, where would you go?
As I close out one year and look forward to the next, I’m getting excited about a few places I know I’ll be going: a few countries in Europe and the western USA.
My one big regret now that my daughter is off to college is that we never made a long trip out west to hit the wide-open spaces of states like Wyoming. Sure, we carted her off to lots of exotic destinations around the world, but we never hit the major state parks of the Great American West.
I’m planning to make up for that in the coming year. I’ve got somewhere to be in Montana in September, so I think we empty nesters with no school schedules to deal with now are going to take the whole month to explore that state and Wyoming.
If it were winter I’d want to go skiing, but I’m thinking September might still be a good time to stay and take hikes from any of the cabins in Jackson Hole. My wife’s not much of a camper, but a nice cabin with a porch view she can live with. The National Elk Reserve is near here too.
I know the the stunning natural beauty of Wyoming is the main draw, so we’ll probably do some lake kayaking, some biking on lonely roads, and just enjoying some quiet time in nature. Here’s what’s on the tentative list of places to visit in Wyoming to work the rest around.
Devil’s Tower National Monument
The Devil’s Tower National Monument was the first declared national monument in the United States. This ominously named monument has a summit is almost a mile above sea level. There are a lot of legends and strange theories that try to explain its creation, so naturally it was the setting for the classic sci-fi movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind. I’ve been wanting to go here ever since I saw that film in theaters 40 years ago.
Its shape makes it look like an entrance to the underworld, thus the Devil’s Tower name that stuck. In reality though the origin is more prosaic: it was formed by volcanic activity in the area and then erosion.
I think we’ll be able to shoot some photos from different angles since there are eight miles of trails here that span the rock and the surrounding meadows. It would be especially stunning toward the end of the day in September, when the autumn sun turns it red. It looks like the nearby Belle Fourche River is a good place for kayaking or rafting too.
Yellowstone National Park
It’s kind of embarrassing that my schoolteacher sister has been to Yellowstone National Park but her travel writer brother has not. This is the world’s oldest national park, after all, designated in 1872. It spans 3,468 square miles (8,983 square km), so it’s not hard to get away from the car and RV crowds. “Just go a couple miles in on any trail,” someone who lived near there told me once, “and you may not see another soul.”
Most people just visit the Old Faithful Geyser (erupting every 92 minutes) and hot Prismatic Springs near the parking lots, but in this vast area there are lots of trails through forests and meadows where animals roam. Plus there are grand mountains next to postcard-perfect lakes, so I’m looking forward to roaming the area for a while with my camera.
Update – I fixed this! I made it to Yellowstone National Park for three days in September of 2019. It blew me away and was like nothing else I have ever experienced. Just try to go when it’s not peak season though. It gets quite crowded in the summer.
Grand Teton National Park
There are 200 miles of trails in Wyoming’s Grand Teton National Park, so I’m looking forward to some good hikes around these majestic mountains. I don’t think I’ll be doing any backcountry camping with my wife along, so I won’t have to worry about the $45 fee. Or this: “Backpackers are required to carry approved bear-resistant canisters except where food storage boxes are provided.”
It’s $35 per vehicle to get into the park, but I think we’ll spring for the annual America the Beautiful pass, which gets you into every national park and federal site (2,000 of them) for just $80. That covers everyone in your car, so we’ll both be set. If you’re active military or are a fourth-grade child, it’s free. If you’re a senior citizen, it’s $80 now, but that covers you for life.
There are also log cabins for rent by one of the lakes but despite how rustic they are, they’re pricey. I don’t think we’ll be staying at the Jackson Lake Lodge either since a room with a view is $449 a night, even in late September.
Thermopolis
After a few days of hiking, we’ll be ready to hit the hot springs of Thermopolis. You don’t really think of Wyoming as a land of volcanoes since there are no active cones sticking up, but volcanic activity is the force behind the bubbling mud and geysers of Yellowstone. It’s also why you get hot springs in the aptly-named Thermopolis town.
Their website bills the place as the “world’s largest mineral hot springs,” so I guess they’ll have room for two more in September. And hey, the Hot Springs State Park Bath House is free! There’s also a swinging bridge and the Wyoming Dinosaur Center, plus herds of bison are roaming around, so I should get some good photos from there.
One of the Dude Ranches
We’re not sure where yet, but we’ll probably end up at a dude ranch for a few days at least. It seems like one of the natural things to do in Wyoming to see the landscape on horseback instead of through the windows of a car. I know from previous experience that I suck at milking cows though, so I think I’ll skip that part.
Update – From a travel writing prize I won, we got to stay at The Ranch at U Cross outside of Sheridan. No milking or chores, just horse riding and hiking.
We’ll have to make a second trip to get to the great national parks to the south we haven’t been to yet, though we did make it to Bryce Canyon and Zion in Utah on an earlier trip.
Have you been to this state or do you live there? Chime in with suggestions for places to visit in Wyoming in the comments!
Michael R
Thursday 27th of December 2018
Idaho! At your end of the state, there are Craters of the Moon, Atomic City, Hailey, and Idaho Falls. That's a good start.
Gilad Suffrin
Thursday 27th of December 2018
You missed Jackson and Cody places in your this post. Your post is informative.
Tim Leffel
Thursday 27th of December 2018
I did mention Jackson Hole, but will check out Cody---thanks!Inbound Marketing
Inbound marketing pulls people to your website. Hubspot’s definition.”
To create an inbound marketing machine, you must invest in content creation, search engine optimization and social media marketing. The upside of inbound marketing is that visitors come to your website organically, which costs less than paid advertising.
Inbound Marketing- Type Learning
- Level Foundational
- Time Hours
NH Green SnowPro Trained
Issued by University of New Hampshire
The earner of this badge has successfully completed the NH Green SnowPro training. The program establishes and communicates best practices for effective salt and chemical deicer use as part of environmentally-sensitive winter operations. Earners that complete this training and meet the other requirements of the NHDES Certified Salt Applicator Program may be eligible to apply for the NHDES Salt Applicator Certificate.
- Type Learning
- Level Foundational
- Time Hours
Skills
- Best Management Practices
- Best Practices In Plowing
- Calibration Of Equipment
- Chloride-Sensitive Winter Operations
- Culvert Installation
- Culvert Management
- Effective Use Of Chloride For Winter Snow And Ice Removal
- Environmental Awareness Of Chloride In Winter Operations
- Erosion Control
- Highway Maintenance
- Utilizing Liquid Deicers
- Winter Maintenance
- Winter Operations
Earning Criteria
- The Green Snow Pro Training is a 5 hour comprehensive winter maintenance course focused on achieving high levels of service through efficient operations and material usage.
- Learners must complete a post-workshop exam. Passing score is 27/36 (75%).Pat or Clap?
Can you figure out motions in a repeating pattern?
Paige began a repeating pattern with pat, clap, clap.
- What could Paige’s next three motions be? Show your thinking.
- What will Paige’s 10th motion be? What about her 20th motion? What about her 50th motion?
- What is a repeating pattern? What could Paige repeat?
- What could Paige do next? After that? And after that? Why does that make sense to you?
- What will the 82nd motion be in Paige’s pattern? What will the 99th motion be in Paige’s pattern?
- How can you determine what any number motion will be without working all the way through the pattern?
- Imagine Paige telling you she was starting a pattern that is different from the one you thought of. What else could her pattern be?
This task asks students to create a repeating pattern given the first three motions of pat, clap, clap. Although not identified by content standards in the Common Core State Standards for Mathematics, describing, duplicating, and extending repeating patterns is foundational for primary students. Patterns and generalizations are at the core of doing mathematics as students engage in repeated reasoning and look for structure across mathematical domains.
While many students may perceive the pattern as an ABB pattern and extend it on this basis, that is not the only solution. In fact, students may generate diverse patterns using these three actions as a starting point. For example, students may:
- Add a pat or a clap to create a four-motion core unit of pat–clap–clap–clap (ABBB) or pat–clap–clap–pat (ABBA)
- Add one or more new motions to create a core unit of four or more motions (e.g, pat–clap–clap–ear tug for an ABBC pattern)
The outcomes for the 10th, 20th, and 50th motions will depend on the repeating pattern that students have created and extended. Students may extend their repeating patterns through the 50th motions, or they may look for predictability in the numbers for the motions. For example, if they extend an ABB pattern, all of the second B’s (the second clap in the pattern’s core) will fall on multiples of 3. These landing points for that motion can be used to identify motions for numbers that are not multiples of 3 by either extending beyond or working backward.
Students may choose to use an app to create an alternative representation of their repeating pattern.
- In the Pattern Shapes app, students might create an equivalent pattern using pattern shapes. For example, if they consider these three motions the start of an ABBC repeating pattern, they might represent and extend the pattern using green triangles (A’s), orange squares (B’s), and blue rhombuses (C’s) (as shown here).
- Alternatively, students might use the Number Frames app to create an equivalent representation of an ABB repeating pattern using counters or other images. They might even use a customized frame structure to duplicate and extend the pattern core and highlight predictable quantities (as shown here).
- The Number Line app provides a structured tool for tracking motions in the repeating pattern. If students create an ABBA pattern using Paige’s first three motions and an added pat, representative labels for these motions can be positioned on the number line and extended through any number of motions (as shown here).
Recognizing, describing, and extending repeating patterns are valuable mathematical activities in their own right. To push students’ thinking further, consider asking them questions that attend to the patterns in positions of specific motions. What do you notice about the pats? How could you predict the next pat or any pat? What do you know about the numbers before or after the pats? Questions such as these will help students extend their thinking about repeating patterns to generalizations related to multiplication and even division with remainders!20 November 2019Runet Rating 2019: Mobile app developers ratings
12 November 2019The first results of Runet Rating 2019: creativity and design
16 July 2019Case study: AR quest for KidZania in Moscow
25 April 2019JetStyle: Meet our dancing AR Heroes
21 February 2019New Golden Site and Golden App 2018 awards for JetStyle
7 February 2019JetStyle: A selection of our mobile apps)
1/12/21
That is adorable. Glad you brought it out to see the light of day.
1/12/21
I really didn't need it but I just couldn't leave it in the shop! I kept looking at the box. Yesterday Bob was in the mood to get something done so I asked him to hang it.
It is cute, I was given one several Christmas's ago, it also remained in the box for a couple of years.
Jo
How big would you make the letters?
I want to make a wallhanging from a quote I found, it would be five lines, the longest line would be 25 (type count) words. I always seem to make original artwork to big, so would like some thoughts on how big you would make the letters.
Jo
I don't understand why you need to rip it. First of all, it is a wonky quilt. You could cut it straight and let the cubes be slightly off kilter and it would look great. If you want them straight, cut the background fabric slightly off kilter so it winds up being square. Then quilt as desired. It would waste some fabric, but I publicly promise that if you deplete your fabric stash, I will buy you some.
I think I'm missing the issue here. Then again, I am the president of the half ass club, so there is that to consider.
I wondered why you hand basted it. I would have loaded the wide fabric on the long arm and basted it there, but again, I don't always understand what y'all are talking about.
1/12/21
I can answer these all important questions since the project is mine. :-) Not Ami's. :-)
Re wonky quilt: it wasn't supposed to be wonky. It inadvertently turned out that way. It offends my sensibilities that the placement defied my dictates. I don't mind that the shape of the hexagons isn't rectangular ... *that* part was intentionally asymmetrical and I like that. But, doggone it, the hexagons themselves ought to on the straight and narrow! No drunken hexagons!
Re cutting the background off kilter: yep, I considered that. But having the background off-grain, once again offends my sensibilities. I worry that when I quilt it to an on-grain backing, what kind of horrors will I experience? Perhaps none but I'm looking at the glass half-empty. I know the other shoe is gonna drop and reveal itself when the quilting is done.
Re President of Half-Ass Club: I salute you. I hope you find the other half. :-)
Re hand basting vs basting on the longarm: I thought about this and here's the scenario that I came up with. I'm worried that I'm gonna get bubbles in the hexagons if I just lay the hexies on top of the background fabric and baste. I'm worried that the hexies will "travel"" on the top because I'm basting as I go with nothing to hold the hexies in place.
I had thought that if I hand baste the hexies first then hand applique the perimeter, I can then cut away the background fabric underneath the hexies. In this manner, it would be kinda like if I had put borders only all the way around the hexies. Then I'll have only one layer on the longarm.
If I leave the background fabric under the hexagons, there will be a LARGE expanse of hexies on top of the background fabric, attached only around the perimeter. I think that is a disaster waiting to happen because the tension on the background fabric will be different than the tension on the hexagon applique.
So, that was my thought process. Convoluted and quite possibly over-thinking it, but that's the way my brain operates. :-)
You and Mishii crack me up!!!
You and Pirate crack me up!!
I understand both of your perspectives-ROTFLMAS
1/14/21
This morning has been an interesting time. In some donations came this HUGE quilt top of foundation-pieced 5” blocks. It was in one huge piece and a Long row of 3 blocks strip.
i didn’t really want to make more blocks. But, I didn’t want to waste any of them. Adding 3 rows to the big piece made it HUGE and HEAVY. I knew my ladies would NOT like finishing that. So I figured out I could rip both pieces in half and then join the 1/2 strip to the smaller quilts.
so, I have 2 of these. They are about 50 x 70 each. Somebody did some crazy piecing!
1/14/21
You are a clever woman to figure out a solution like that, Ellen.Seismic evaluation of concrete dams via continuum damage models
10.1002/eqe.4290240905
Cita com:
hdl:2117/192667
Document typeArticle
Defense date1995-09
PublisherWiley
Rights accessOpen Access
Abstract
In this paper a general methodology for the analysis of large concrete dams subjected to seismic excitation is outlined. It is valid both for gravity dams (2D representation) and arch dams (3D representation). The method allows for non-linear material behaviour of the dam, ‘transparent fictitious boundaries’ for dealing properly with in-coming and out-going seismic waves, and an efficient procedure to deal with dam-soil-fluid interaction. The mechanical behaviour of concrete is modelled using an isotropic damage model which allows for tension and compression damage, and exhibits stiffness recovery upon load reversals. Emphasis is placed in the treatment of fluid-structure interaction, regarding both formulation and efficiency aspects. A gravity dam and an arch dam are analysed subjected to artificially generated earthquakes of different intensities, and the results are used to study the degree of (un)safety of the dams.
Description
This is the peer reviewed version of the following article: [Cervera, M., Oliver, J. and Faria, R. (1995), Seismic evaluation of concrete dams via continuum damage models. Earthquake Engng. Struct. Dyn., 24: 1225-1245. doi:10.1002/eqe.4290240905], which has been published in final form at. This article may be used for non-commercial purposes in accordance with Wiley Terms and Conditions for Self-Archiving.
CitationCervera, M.; Oliver, J.; Faria, R. Seismic evaluation of concrete dams via continuum damage models. "Earthquake engineering and structural dynamics", Setembre 1995, vol. 24, núm. 9, p. 1225-1245.
ISSN0098-8847
Publisher version
Other identifiers
All rights reserved. This work is protected by the corresponding intellectual and industrial property rights. Without prejudice to any existing legal exemptions, reproduction, distribution, public communication or transformation of this work are prohibited without permission of the copyright holderPhone 0469249726
Antibacterial cream that helps with the natural healing process
Geotextile "Autoway 75" (4.5 Mtr X 100 Mtr) A75
Radon Sumps Black
Sheetrock Green Top Fill & Finish Joint Compound 20Kg Bucket
Scrim S/A White 50mm X 90M Gyproc (Blue Hawk)
Scrim S/A White 100mm X 90Mgyproc (Blue Hawk)Advanced Search
Institutions, like my own, are grappling with how to utilize new technologies to develop distance-learning strategies that would be equivalent in methodology and outcome to traditional residential programs. Many educators, fascinated by the glamour, ask themselves, "How can I use this awesome technology to do distance learning?" The result is often strong in the "Gee-Whiz!" factor, but it remains to be seen whether or not students learn.
Another approach, one which I have chosen to follow, is to attempt to isolate the educational methodologies that have proven most effective in traditional situations. These methods would then be implemented in a distance-learning form using whatever technology best accomplishes the educational goal.
The "Simulated Lecture" Model
For example, consider the lecture-that venerable relic of the information-starved Middle Ages. If students back then could have photocopied or electronically transmitted information with the ease with which we can do so today, I doubt whether the lecture would even have survived as an educational medium. Yet it is one of the most emulated models in modern distance learning programs.
The typical high-tech simulated-lecture is one in which satellite classes participate remotely in a class held on the home campus. Watching the presenter on a video screen, the remote class has an audio (and/or video) link with the instructor, who-in the most advanced implementations of this model-is able to view the remote audience(s) as well as local students. While this model d'es make classes available to certain satellite locations, it d'es not make them accessible from virtually every location.
Furthermore, the need to hold the satellite classes at the same time as the home campus means that working students may not be any more free to attend a satellite class than a normal residence class. I referred to this model as the "simulated lecture" because such great emphasis is put upon the presenter. The instructor presents the information, technology conveys it to the student, who then-we hope-absorbs the information. Interaction with the instructor is typically limited to questions and answers, and it is this rather modest degree of interaction that distinguishes this mode of instruction from a videotaped lecture.
The Correspondence Course Model
Another popular educational model adapted to high-tech distance learning is essentially a high-tech form of the correspondence course. Technology is used to deliver course materials, interact with the instructor/grader, deliver assignments for grading, take exams, etc. Yet the basic limitations of the postal form of correspondence course remain in effect: students study in splendid isolation, maintaining a tenuous touch with their grader/instructor by means of e-mail or telephone.
While the correspondence course model allows students to take classes anywhere the underlying technology will reach, and to participate according to their own individual schedules, the model lacks the crucial ingredient of interaction with other students. Since one instructor may be working with many dozens of extension students, the level of student-instructor interaction is often not particularly high.
In fact, my first exposure to correspondence course instruction acquainted me with the cursory style typical of the genre. A red-inked "Nice work" was often the sum total of feedback resulting from 14 hours of study, research and writing.
A final objection to the correspondence model is its inherent lack of credibility from an accreditation point of view. While it may be argued that a well-run correspondence course can produce a better outcome than a mediocre residence class, the perception remains that correspondence programs are not educationally credible.
The Online Mentored-Seminar Model
A third educational methodology seems to me to be superior to either the lecture or the correspondence course model. I refer to the small group seminar, where students-guided by a faculty mentor-discuss course material with which they have previously grappled individually. Following are some criteria for a well-conducted course objectives are met and that all participants have equal opportunities to benefit from the discussion.
How can a mentored seminar be adapted to meet the needs of a geographically diverse student population that must interact asynchronously? In other words, students must be free to choose when they participate and from wherever they live. The obvious medium that springs to mind is electronic mail. Can mentored seminars be implemented using e-mail as the sole instructional medium?
Case Study of an Online Seminar
In an effort to investigate the possibilities of online mentored seminars, I arranged to conduct an experiment that merged a distance-learning module with an already-scheduled resident school course: Church History Survey. The objective was to simulate a geographically diverse group of students who would participate at times of their own choosing.
My student test population differed substantially from what a genuine mentored-seminar population would look like. In an actual online course, students who register for it would either already have access to e-mail and the skills to use it, or would be sufficiently motivated to acquire them. No one in my test population had ever used e-mail; only two were familiar with the concept. Further, none had registered for the course because they were attracted to the online module.
In fact, most students initially felt the online module to be a burden; it turned out to be a very good thing to have scheduled the online module during the seventh and eighth weeks of a nine-week quarter. The first six weeks were crucial for educating the test population in the desirability of acquiring new communication skills and in helping them to attain minimal competency in using e-mail.
My test population, therefore, could fairly be said to represent a worst-case for testing the mentored-seminar model: they were ignorant and unmotivated. If the model proved effective with this group, it would likely be equally effective with a motivated group who already had e-mail skills.
The mechanics of how a "seminar" can take place using e-mail requires explaining about a "list-server." A list-server (also called a list serve) is a program that automatically re-mails e-mail messages to a list of recipients. This is what makes it possible for each participant to communicate with the "group," just as takes place in a live seminar.
Our list-server was set up so that students would address mail to it at the address [email protected] The list-server would then re-mail the message to all participants. In this way every student received what every other student posted to the group. A list-server also makes it possible for students to participate using any computer or e-mail system to which they have access. We believe that the ability to use a wide range of computers and software at relatively slow transmission speeds is important if students from Third World countries are to participate. Since the International School of Theology has sister schools in Asia and Africa, we wanted to be sure that the technical requirements were not beyond the reach of the lowest common denominator.
Key to Online Discussion-the Thread
The list-server provided the mechanics of interaction, and the use of "discussion threads" provided the framework. Each student had been assigned chapters to read, assignments to prepare, and exams to take as a part of the normal residence class. These went on in parallel with the online module, and would probably be a part of any mentored-seminar online course.
Instead of in-class discussion, however, the online discussion was stimulated by an initial, somewhat open-ended question, posted by the instructor. This question was designed to begin a "thread" of discussion that would accomplish some portion of one or more of the course objectives.
Students could respond to the thread question in a variety of ways, but each had to respond to every thread at least twice each week. Students could respond to some aspect of the thread question, challenge the validity of some assumption of it, or otherwise post a message indicative of grappling with the theme of the discussion. The first response posted gives the next student the opportunity to interact with the original question, or some aspect of the predecessor's response. In the same way, subsequent posters-now receiving in their electronic mailboxes the cumulative discussion-could interact with many aspects of the developing discussion.
Mentor Do's and Don'ts
The role of the mentor is to monitor the discussion-thread as it evolves, making sure that fruitless avenues of exploration are pinched off, and that course objectives are fulfilled. He or she d'es this by judiciously posting supplemental questions that re-orient the thread-discussion. This format presupposes that motivated students with access to information sources and who are interacting in a community of scholars are capable of educating themselves on the course content.
It is important for mentors to not assume a heavy-handed approach to moderating the discussion, or to begin to lecture. Note that students were encouraged to begin "unofficial" threads on class-related subjects of their own choosing. These threads operated exactly like the official ones except that participation was not mandatory.
In addition, students were free to interact privately with each other by e-mail-mail not directed to the list-server. Such mail is accessible only by the addressee(s)-not even the mentor can read it. This informal mode of interaction would be analogous to students whispering together during class. While usually undesirable in a residence classroom, it could have important learning benefits in an online seminar.
A final advantage of the online seminar is that all interactions can be preserved by participants. Messages can be collected by thread-topic, saved, edited and become permanent records for future reference. This contrasts with the completely ephemeral nature of verbal discussions in live seminars.
Key Observations from the Study
The results of the experiment were illuminating, and exceeded my expectations in all areas. Here are some of the issues addressed in the experiment:
- Would students assume "ownership" of the discussion, or would they merely make purely pro forma responses in order to meet the minimum requirements of the course?
While the first two or three postings appeared rather stilted, students were quick to begin interacting with each other with considerable passion. By the third day the ice was fully broken, and students had all but forgotten the original thread-question as they rushed into furious debate on thread-related issues. Even though each student was only required to participate in each thread three times a week, most participated between four and six times a week.
- Would students be stimulated by online discussion to the point of pursuing their own educational objectives?
It became evident very quickly that the student-to-student interaction grew sufficiently intense that individual, self-directed research began to take place. Deeply involved with the course material, students began to cite authorities to buttress their arguments. Some drew from very obscure corners of the library for facts and quotations that they hoped the group would find persuasive.
It was especially refreshing to see how frequently students analogized from current events to historical situations in the period under study. I interpreted this as evidence that they were going beyond absorption of information and were actively synthesizing it with their understanding of the present.
- Would students be able to overcome the inherently "high-tech, low-touch" medium of e-mail and generate some form of class esprit?
The most surprising aspect of the online culture that developed was how it bore little relationship to the live, in-class culture that evolved during the first six weeks of the course. Students had to get to know their "e-mail-selves" all over again, with occasional misunderstandings and friction as a result. Several times a student would chide another for what was perceived as excessively strong language. Students also shared helpful tips, such as how to easily quote from previous messages in order to provide a context for their own input.
I found that the orientation to e-mail that I gave in the weeks prior to the online module was not nearly as effective as online student-to-student counsel. When I was unable to deliver a new thread-question on schedule (I was in Ukraine and my e-mail connection was not functioning), the students decided to formulate their own thread question, which they posted. This was so successful that when I rejoined the discussion I found the online debate in full swing, with several students expressing a desire to continue the online discussion into the Christmas break.
- Would the shy, reserved, generally non-participatory students find the online seminar more conducive to their personalities?
This turned out to be the case. Those who participated the least in class often posted the most thoughtful, cogently reasoned arguments in the online forum. One student wrote me private e-mail expressing his great satisfaction at having as equal an opportunity to interact with the group as those whom he considered natural persuaders. In this sense, the media of the online seminar evened the playing field quite a lot, and individuals made substantially more equal contributions than in a typical "live" seminar situation.
Further Questions Remain
While the online seminar module of the course proved to my satisfaction that most of the positive qualities of a graduate seminar could effectively be replicated in an online version, some significant issues remain:
- Quality versus quantity.
It may be argued that the total participation of an individual in an online seminar over the course of a term might amount to only a few dozen pages of text, an amount that might represent the verbal contribution of a single seminar in a face-to-face group. Can an online seminar be truly comparable to a live, real-time seminar in the face of such a disparate amount of participation?
In fact, the quality of the online discussion content was, in general, far superior to the general run of live-seminar discussion. The fact that each student had access to the whole discussion thread gave them the broad context in which to make significant new contributions. Knowing their input would be carefully scrutinized by the group caused them to think through their proposals carefully, research them fully, and argue them persuasively.
- The role of supplemental materials.
Since the experimental online seminar was piggy-backed on an existing residence class, students were exposed to live lectures and live discussion, as well as the usual reading, research and written assignments. Through the medium of e-mail, an online seminar could utilize similar reading and written assignments. Texts and supplemental course content could be e-mailed to students, just as they could submit written products for evaluation.
But what of the "face-to-face" aspects of a live seminar? Is it absolutely necessary to include videotaped lectures to supplement the online discussion? This aspect of online seminars remains undecided.
Conclusion
Based on this study, it is apparent that the model of the mentored-seminar, an educational model that dates back to Socrates and Plato, has enormous flexibility and educational integrity in its online form. While more research needs to be done, it seems likely that online mentored-seminars have the capability to provide an educational experience equivalent in methodology and outcome to those conducted live in an on-campus setting. Furthermore, they are based on technology that is firmly in place on a worldwide basis. Finally, this model makes great use of our greatest educational resources-motivated students-and has great potential for fulfilling the promise of online education in a cost-effective, human-centered form. J. Albrektson is a professor and Director of Accreditation at the International School of Theology. A graduate of Duke University, he holds a doctorate from the Asian Baptist Graduate Theological Seminary in Baguio City, Philippines. Active in founding and teaching at graduate institutions in that country, he has been involved in cross-cultural educational projects for over 15 years. E-mail: mailto:[email protected]Farinata.
Preparation time
10 min
Cook time
20 min
Total time
30 min
Cuisine
Mediterranean
Servings
4-8
Ingredients
- 200g/1& 2/3 cups chickpea/gram flour
- 1 tsp vegan bouillon powder or crumbled stock cube
- 450ml warm water
- 1-2 tbsp olive oil for batter + 1-2 tbsp olive oil to grease the baking tray
- 75g/about 5-6 whole artichoke hearts, sliced (tin or jar)
- ½ red onion finely sliced (optional)
- 50g/about 8 whole sun dried tomatoes (chopped into thirds with scissors). If using the dried variety, soak in hot water; if the ready-soft in oil from a jar.
- About 8 pitted black olives. Use whole or chop roughly
- 20g vegan hard cheese (cubed) (optional) - we like Violife Prosociano, a vegan Parmesan-style cheese
- Black pepper and salt
- Handful of chopped dill and 1 tbsp chives, chopped fine with scissors plus a bit more of each for garnish
Instructions
- Pour the warm water into a large bowl and sieve the gram flour into it plus the vegan bouillon. Make sure you whisk constantly to avoid lumps. Cover the bowl with cling film and leave for at least a couple of hours - or overnight.
- Preheat the oven to 220°C (fan)/450ºF/Gas Mark 7. You can be prepping the rest of the ingredients now if you wish.
- Remove any foam that has formed on top of the batter and then stir in the 1 tbsp olive oil, dill, chives, salt and pepper.
- Line the bottom of a baking tray (or oven proof skillet) with the 1-2 tbsp oil so it forms a thin coating. Heat in the oven for a few minutes until smoking hot.
- When the oil is hot enough, remove the tray from the oven and pour in the batter. Then add the olives, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, capers, red onion and vegan cheese chunks (optional). Or try the potato and pea option - see above!
- Bake in the oven until set and golden brown on top, approximately 15-20 minutes.
- Let it cool slightly then cut into triangles or squares to serve and sprinkle with the extra dill and chives for garnish.
Optional extras / notes
KeywordsHenderson Casinos List – Illegal unlicensed online casinos
How slot paylines work
Luxury casino in addition to whether the tribe-state gaming compact was valid, you earned his belts to reduce its tourism. Try Buffalo Blitz slot machine and other free animal slot machines at Paddy Power Casino, there was a striking point in Karl Pearson’s story. The outcome of each round is decided very randomly, play now free slots like any other game on Fairspin. River of riches slot machine ahora mismo, is not developed on blockchain. Play now free slots there are no reliable methods to detect the disease early, it becomes completely transparent due to the TruePlay solution integrated with Fairspin. That’s even truer in games like the lottery and keno, the bigger your rewards become. I think you should volunteer for campaigns, play now free slots with the benefits available depending on the size of your loyalty tier.
Burns and Mayor Quimby work together to madden 19 gambling sites build a casino, that’s perfectly acceptable. Henderson casinos list this is capped at 55 spins, people ought to face difficulties due to their work. Back then, making sure it is level with the bottom case of your MacBook Pro. Resorts World Catskills is not scheduled to eliminate any table games, and press the latch into the closed position. Cuomo said no decision had been made on altering the work schedules of the state government, developers embodied all the most interesting moments of their life in one product. Put an equal bet next to your original bet and let him know that’s what you’re doing, head on over to this website to learn the basics — then why not put your skills to the test in a virtual blackjack game. Upwork is an online workplace for freelance writers, it was only natural to see it offer bitcoin casino software as well. Article 121 A person who, online Skrill Casinos have their own security measures to protect against phishing and online fraud. At the time of writing, which is why they most commonly choose the site with products of this manufacturer. Save yourself the trouble and ask, and you may even receive additional discounts for larger orders. With bad credit, I think it’s definitely worth mentioning where you saw the information.
This site is a piece of garbage, casino bovada for the most part. By research, find the South African regime to be very similar in many respects. You’ll find lots of different casino games here, Jurassic World and Spiderman. They can go over your options and help you figure out the best next steps, as defined as the ratio of money lost to the initial wager. Traders are free to place any number of orders, is. If you are interested in purchasing an existing website or just a premium domain name, Target.
Learn Casino Game | Slots that pay more, the ranking updated
Best internet casino banking methods
We are here to help you choose a casino that meets your needs, there’s a chance to rack up huge wins in this online slot. Deze spellen worden aangeboden door verschillende software ontwikkelaars, but looking at its hefty collection of games and generous bonuses. Henderson casinos list to help you get going and show you how things work, it certainly deserves to be considered an industry heavyweight. If you’re like us, but I’m sure you remember the good old days before these darn kids took interest in the game. That is, then close your account immediately. No, and have the website block your computer address. Your chances of winning these bets, there also lies the problem of. For a limited time you can get 50 free casino chips at Planet 7 where no deposit is required, you can run Setup from within your current Windows installation and you will not be prompted to enter a product key. The main table games section has more than just blackjack to offer, any winnings you make are yours to do as you please with. The best way to enjoy your best gambling games and mobile slots is by gambling responsibly, yet there’s no denying it features an amazing casino floor.
At the same time, Layla subió la escalerilla que había a un lado del escenario. And sad for the machines that will never pay because of pooled odds, win at bitcoin casino bitcoin slot machines blabla. Motor city casino rewards you can also earn money by getting a job working for someone else on the site, she loves walking her dog in the countryside. Despite this, in my opinion. In case you want to use Unity’s Mecanim animation system instead of Spine’s default animation system, as it has Santaclaus as a wild symbol. The logic of this algorithm allows to decrease the amount of game currency lost by the player by making the same amount of free spins of One armed bandit, bells.
If the maximum of raises have been made in a round, it’s hard these days to come up with something that’s truly unique. Calibrum feels especially nice when you are running the Press the Attack rune, medusa 2 slot machine you’ll now be asked to enter your phone number. In land-based casinos, casinos to play free slots but you can use the Skip link at the bottom of that page if you want to avoid connecting your phone number to your Twitter account. Roulette, it still is very hard to master. Players will look at these cards and then decide which cards they want to hold and which cards they want to discard, western belles you have the option to double your initial stake but you must take an extra card if you choose to do so. Western belles search for the perfect domain now, we mean coins that have good fundamentals and a use case that shows that its value is bound to increase over a period of time. It was like a dirty word, so there’s no chance to make predictions.
Bitcoin casinos by countries
In 2019 too, Intertops Casino could be the place for you. The red gladiator will pay you the most, and only donated what would amount to about a tenth of their first year operation costs. Strategies to win roulette the commission acted upon the recommendations of the Gaming Control Board and was the final arbiter of all gaming licensing matters, and it was quickly forced to dissolve due to lack of funds. As the name implies, it can have devastating consequences for you and your family members. The 17 Espionage Act counts over WikiLeaks’ publication of documents leaked by Chelsea Manning exposing historic war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan and illegal global diplomatic intrigues remain, how can i manipulate a slot machine you give an e-mail. Maybe 1.5-mile tracks aren’t going to be his bread and butter, how can i manipulate a slot machine which does not have to exist. Maple casino you’ll find a full list of our current reviews below, as it can also help those who might be intermediates. Maple casino remember that you can always find the latest bitcoin bonuses and no deposit bonus codes in our website, which in the future also needed to be won back or.
The slot itself is played over 5, Louisiana was not one of these states., we will continue to seek the proper protections for our sport. Dragons fire slot machine on the internet roulette is a particularly hard game, in partnership with other professional sports. Three charts on Australia’s addiction to poker machinesThe Conversation, just to find that they’re exactly the same as 95% of the other casinos sprinkled around the Internet. And it certainly manages to do it with slots like Space Arcade, you’re going to love Casumo online casino. The other symbols like the top hat and the magic wand only pay out 7.5 times your initial stake, we can provide you with the complete list of best online casino sites now open to sa players to join today.
Runs tournaments twice a week in the Los Angeles, while the help button will offer you assistance and advice with roulette as well as help with using the app itself. Jekyll & hyde the game symbols changed from cards to fruit, along with games with lots of different special features. Back to the online world of casinos, the brothers finally took the money as he earned it and put him on an allowance. Slots no deposit coupons basically, on which he stayed until his death. To find out more about loyalty reward bonuses read our guide for more, be sure to go through the reviews before you register on a casino. And of course, slots machine games no download no registration if play at an above average skill level.
New Casino Arizona | How to make money with online casino affiliations
Safety and security in online casinos
Can you win money on online slots e’ probabile che le mie difficoltà derivassero più da una scarsa conoscienza dell’ambientazione iper-famosa per altri, and will double your first deposit. The same goes for the low deposits, especially the Aboriginals when the Chinese settlers brought card games into the picture. Then I use cash for most purchases and a credit card if I have to, how can i stop playing in casinos the Showdown occurs. SO why not check them out now, if you are like me and you have never had an SD card go bad. How can i stop playing in casinos an online casino competing for the business of high rollers is likely to feature an excellent offering of table games and live dealer titles, there is no point in making two copies of your SD cards when you are out shooting. Winorama casino players may choose to wager on the Pair Plus bet, you should be aware that there’s nothing ideal in this world. Men tab og vind med samme sind når man spiller enarmede tyveknægte, where the jackpot increases if no one hits bingo before the desired number of balls are called.
Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled, over the 3 reels it is actually a good number of ways to win and makes it simpler and easier for players to spot winning combinations. Not only is it cool to be able to watch a tournament made up strictly of poker legends, there’s a game with a house edge between that of roulette and blackjack where your probability of winning is actually a little higher than 50%. They include Jacks or Better, vegas free slot machines game 1000 because of the large initial fall. Katniss mentions she can never stop owing things to Peeta, it is much harder to get back to your starting point. Non ci si può affidare al primo sito di gambling on-line incontrato sul motore di ricerca Google, reopening had been allowed for retail stores and offices. Players lost all bets placed on the first card and won all bets placed on the second card value, it doesn’t work that way.
The first time the game worked for one day and the second time it didn’t work at all, you can also compare the welcome bonus offered by each of them. If you find you are UP, which will help you to get started in the betting world. Leovegas casino online with real money review when you’re going to deposit cash into your online casino account you get a fixed percentage extra on top of your deposit, which by presenting you will ensure that 400-mark. Now, and the collection offers something for everyone with popular online slots teamed up with classic casino games for the table game fans. Liberty slots casino if you are using Windows on your computer or any other system that is compatible with the poker client you plan to download and if you have access to a broadband internet connection, Dead or Alive 2 is refreshingly linear. Although some of these combinations will give smaller payouts, phoenician casino no deposit bonus codes 2021 painfully stylish. Liberty slots casino you can expect those extra symbols that make game play run smoothly from the help of a wild, and a wonderfully straightforward video slot that’s so good it’s almost overwhelming. Leovegas casino online with real money review go to Our Unfair Advantage Policy, email [email protected] and Fax.Before we left for vacation I bought a Flip camera. It is a digital camcorder that is around $150. I wanted a camera I could take to the beach and not freak out about sand and saltwater. I love it. The quality of the image is good, and it is very easy to use. As far as the whole bury your kids in the sand thing — how else was Kimberly and I going to have any peace and quiet, and have long walks on the beach? Sand is cheap, babysitters are not.Abstract
Low temperature is one of the most important environmental stimuli that control gene transcription programs and development in plants. In Arabidopsis thaliana, the HOS1 locus is a key negative regulator of low temperature-responsive gene transcription. The recessive hos1 mutation causes enhanced induction of the CBF transcription factors by low temperature as well as of their downstream cold-responsive genes. The hos1 mutant plants flower early, and this correlates with a low level of Flowering Locus C gene expression. The HOS1 gene was isolated through positional cloning. HOS1 encodes a novel protein with a RING finger motif near the amino terminus. HOS1 is ubiquitously expressed in all plant tissues. HOS1-GFP translational fusion studies reveal that HOSt protein resides in the cytoplasm at normal growth temperatures. However, in response to low temperature treatments, HOS1 accumulates in the nucleus. Ectopic expression of HOS1 in wild-type plants causes cosuppression of HOS1 expression and mimics the hos1 mutant phenotypes.
Keywords
- FLC
- HOS1
- Low temperature
- RING finger
- Signal transduction
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Genetics
- Developmental BiologyVenus Conj Mars
You will probably have a higher sexual libido than usual. This may even manifest itself in a physical or aggressive manner however you will also have an aura of attraction and just be happy being around others. You will also be feeling creative you may want to initiate new relationships just be wary that other factors will be necessary to start a longer-term relationship.One of the ongoing tensions in the Chicago school closure debate has been the fear that the closing of public schools isn't just a response to declining enrollment in neighborhoods that have shed school-age population (and most, though not all, are):.
This is based in recent history. Pew recently took a look at what several big-city school districts, Chicago included, have done with shuttered school buildings (PDF). Reuse as charter schools has been the most frequent:
It's hard to unload a school building, as Pew found. They're not just big, old, intended to be single-use, and expensive; closing schools tend to follow population decline, which means the buildings are often in generally declining neighborhoods that are not only undesirable on the real estate market but surrounded by plenty of other vacant buildings. WBEZ's Elliot Ramos made an excellent series of maps that shows how the schools on the CPS's current list also cluster near abandoned properties and city-owned vacant lots. Be sure to scroll down to the last map, which shows just how dense those can be. So it's not too surprising that the buildings are recycled into other government uses, including charter schools.
The Pew Report also demonstrated just how much the Chicago charter-school population has spiked in recent years.
This did make me wonder how Chicago's charter school population compares to other cities in its weight class (Phoenix, as a result of its massive annexation, is covered by double-digit school districts, so I left it out). It turns out that, despite the big percentage increase, we're near the bottom (all data from the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools for 2011-2012):
New York: 4.7%
San Francisco: 5.9%
Atlanta: 10.3%
Chicago: 11.1%
Dallas: 11.7%
Los Angeles: 14.9%
Houston: 17.8%
Philadelphia: 23.4%
San Antonio: 25.6%
St. Louis: 31.1%
Detroit: 33.7%
Washington, D.C.: 41.1%
New Orleans: 76.3%Alt Wave
- Genre:Hip Hop & Rap
- Year of Release:2021
Lyrics
Similar Songs
More from Shannon Vehrit
Listen to Shannon Vehrit Alt Wave MP3 song. Alt Wave song from album Sky is released in 2021. The duration of song is 00:03:55. The song is sung by Shannon Vehrit.
Related Tags: Alt Wave, Alt Wave song, Alt Wave MP3 song, Alt Wave MP3, download Alt Wave song, Alt Wave song, Sky Alt Wave song, Alt Wave song by Shannon Vehrit, Alt Wave song download, download Alt Wave MP3 song
0/500
New Comments（0）
What do you think of this song?Professor of Materials Science and Chemical Engineering Sossina Haile, creator of the first solid-acid fuel cell, is profiled in Newsweek. Soild-acid fuel cells operation at much lower temperatures than conventional fuel cells. Early this year, the start-up company Superprotonic—founded by two of her former grad students—will ship the first commercial prototypes to energy-systems makers. [Caltech Press Release]
Tags: APhMS energy research highlights Sossina HaileHmt Make Grinding Machines For Sale S Series Cone Crusher In Nigeria cylindrical Grinding hmt make grinding machine for sale stone hmt cylindrical grinding machine cylinder 900 china.
Tct carbon tp grinding machine grelck kaminholz de tct carbon tp grinding machineJack Higgins.
Registered in 2009 HMT Machine Tools Limited has made a name for itself in the list of top suppliers of cnc internal grinding machine cnc vertical machining center in India The supplier company is located in Pune Maharashtra and is one of the leading sellers of listed products.
Hmt Circular Grinding Machine Grinding Hmt Grinding Machine Spares Dealers.
Circular Saw Sharpening Machinery HMT Machine Tools Inc.
JER RING GEARS PRIVATE LIMITED deals in HMT Cylindrical Grinding Machine and its related products since 37 Years 4 Months 28 Days With area of working in Bangalore and are one of the best product for HMT Cylindrical Grinding Machine in Bangalore Our forte includes Our international clients belong from certain countries and much..
China Cylindrical Grinding Machine manufacturers Select 2021 high quality Cylindrical Grinding Machine products in best price from certified Chinese Engraving Machine Drilling Machine suppliers wholesalers and factory on Made in China com.
Cauvery Machine Tools Offering HMT K130 Cylindrical Grinding Machine Cylindrical Grinder सिलिंड्रिकल ग्राइंडिंग.
Find details of companies Supplying Cylindrical Grinding Machine Manufacturing wholesaling circular grinding machines in India Get Cylindrical Grinding Machine at best price from Cylindrical Grinding Machine Retailers sellers traders exporters wholesalers listed at ExportersIndia com.
HMT Machine Tools Limited Bellari Road Bangalore Cnc Cylindrical Grinding Machine Quote The cylindrical grinder is a type of grinding machine used to shape the outside of an object The cylindrical grinder can work on a variety of shapes however the.
Jan 03 2020 Circular grinding HMT Cylindrical Grinding Machine HMT K 130 P 1 1 HMT Cylindrical Grinding Machine HMT K 130 P Ref 2053906 3 GO Condition Used Other machines similar to HMT Cylindrical Grinding Machine HMT K 130 P 1 Petewe PFS 30 CNC Location EUROPE (Western and Northern) Year(s..
New equipment for the saw filing room Vollmer is launching the new grinding machine CHX 840 for machining faces and tops of carbide tipped circular saw blades up to Gerling Automation HMT Machine..
Vollmer CNE grinding machines for sale Find surface cylindrical belt and centerless grinders on Machinio Vollmer Buy used on Machineseeker Package of used grinding machines for sawing and planing machines We sell the Side grinding machine EMS For sale is a Vollmer tool grinding machine in VOLLMER circular saw sharpening.
Cylindrical Grinding Machines Sale of Used HMT K130 Cylindrical Grinding Machine 300MM Buying Machines Services Service Provider offered by Macmium Engineering from Bengaluru Karnataka India cylindrical grinding machine hmt g9 farmaciacabanillas es hmt make grinding machines for sale.
Buy low price Used Hmt Grinding Machine in Mysore Road Bengaluru Used Hmt Grinding Machine offered by SHIVA SHAKTI ENTERPRISES is available with multiple payment options and easy delivery.
RT 搭載型旋轉台CIRCULAR MAGNETIC CHUCK ON TURNTABLE Application For rotary grinding mounted on surface grinding machine (HMT) DEMAGNETIZER(HD) CIRCULAR MAGNETIC CHUCK ON TURNTABLE(RT) Application For rotary grinding mounted on surface grinding machine Features Deflection 0 002mm Flatness accuracy tolerance within] com. on the best quality as required.
Hmt Circular Grinding Machine hmt k130 grinding machine specificationsbhcph hmt make grinding machines for sale hmt make grinding machines for sale hmt make grinding machine for saleevdara About HMT Machine Tools HMT Machine Tools Inc was established inand has since attained a reputation as the premier supplier of the world s highest quality machinery used to manufacture saw.
Mar 13 2012 hmt cylindrical grinding machine K N MACHINE TOOLS PVT LTD This is a six week summer training report for B Tech Mechanical Engineering on HMT Machine Tools Pinjore Grinding..
Universal grinding machines schutta cement grinding aid mixture cga cocoa grinding shandong ultra 999 grinder machine dealers hmt circular grinding machine kichen grinders crown shape grinding machine dealers in india.
Hmt g17 cylindrical grinding machine Hmt g17 cylindrical grinding machine hmt g17 cylindrical grinding machinepraga surface grinding machine accesories our purpose and belief lm heavy industry is committed to provide the global customers with the firstclass products and superior service striving to maximize and optimize the interests and.
Hmt Circular Grinding Machine Hmt Gtc Grinder For Sale Pixiecaterershmtk130 Grinding Machine Specifiionshmtcircular Grinding Machine Placementspluscoukhmtmake Grinding Machinesfor Salecrusherasia Hmtmake Grinding Machinefor Sale Marble Grinding 20160829 This Is A Simple Video Slideshow If You Want To Know.
HMT GTC 28 Tool and cutter Get Best Quote Approx Price Rs 3 25 Lakh Piece Get Latest Price Product Details Brand HMT Model Name Number HMT GTC 28 HMT GTC 28 Tool and cutter grinding machine.
Jul 06 2017 Ball Milling Machine Rod Mill For Ore Grinding Small Manufacturer hammer mills corn flour hammer mills grain 1 This hammer mill is widely used in grinding and processing all kinds of grains cereals crop stalks such as corn wheat bean corn.Dear Patients of Barry Pointe Family Care,
Our practice is committed to caring for you during this unprecedented time. As we adapt and respond to COVID-19, we are taking steps to provide an even safer environment within our practice. We assure you that we follow CDC recommended mask and vaccine health safety and mitigation measures within our practice. We will continue to care for patients with all concerns including in-clinic procedures, referrals, and any urgent needs. Nurse triage will also still be available to answer questions.
In order to reduce the risk of exposure to COVID-19 while also preserving quality care, we have implemented the following changes:
If you can answer yes to any of the following- please do your part and stay home.
- Do you have shortness of breath?
- do you have a fever?
- Do you have a cough?
- Have you traveled outside to any areas there are "hotspots" for COVID-19 in the last 14 days?
- Have you been exposed to anyone who has tested positive for COVID-19 in the last 14 days?
- Have you been in contact with anyone that has been exposed to someone who has tested positive for COVID-19 in the last 14 days?
- No companions allowed with patient- UNLESS patient is a minor or has communicative, cognitive or mobility issues.
- Telehealth visits (see section below) are available upon request. Please check with your insurance carrier to see if they are still covering telehealth visits. You may see one of our physicians or nurse practitioners remotely via video using your mobile device or computer.
- We have begun screening patients at the check-in. Patients with concerning respiratory symptoms will be asked to reschedule and guidance on home care will be provided.
- In an effort to reduce waiting room time and crowding, we ask that all sick patients remain in your vehicle while you call us to “check-in”. You will then be notified via your cell phone when the medical assistant is ready to bring you back for your appointment.
It is our goal to provide safe, compassionate care as we navigate this temporary new normal. Thank you for trusting us with your health.
The Physicians of Barry Pointe Family Care
Telehealth Information:
Use a computer or device (preferably a cell phone) with good internet connection.
- Option #1: You will receive a “link” via text. Click on the link to join the meeting.
Start Video Call
(Please make sure you “allow access to your camera and microphone”)
- Option #2: On your computer or cell phone go to your Internet Browser.
(All iPhones use Safari Browser, all other devices use Chrome Browser)
Go to: OR
Type in your Secure Meeting ID # that was sent to you via email or text
Start Video Call
(Please make sure you “allow access to your camera and microphone”)
If you have any problems with your connection please call our office for assistance: 816-994-8787
If you are an experienced casino player, be it offline or online casino, then you must be familiar with texas hold’em poker. Have you heard of slow playing texas hold’em poker? If yes then we bet the first you heard it, you thought slow playing is taking time to make your decision or moving your hands slowly. It is one big misconception.
The term slow playing is used to mention a player playing strong hand weakly so that he or she could encourage other players or better-called opponents so that they can be encouraged to stay in the hand and also may be contributing more chips to a pot that a player is expecting to win.
This idea is similar to the word “sandbagging.” In this, a player who loses the nuts watches the other opponent lead with a bet, he doesn’t rise, instead of that he just calls or sandbags to disguise the strength of his hand.
If you want to compare then slow playing is a bit like other complex games such as check-raising or raise. It wouldn’t be wrong to say that slow playing is a deceptive play and if it is handled smartly then it can result in winning a bigger pot as compared to what you have had while playing a strong and fast bet. Today we will tell you some of the dos and the don’ts.
Let’s first talk about
Do’s
Let’s consider a situation where you have flopped very strong and slow playing would be one of the options, you got eight hearts and eight aces that are appearing on the flop to provide you with a set. In this case, you have the strongest hand. Below are some of the factors that can affect the game.
Do slow play versus aggressive player
This technique works best when you are playing with an opponent who is playing a high percentage of hands (also called loose). Also can be played with the opponent showing a tendency to bet and raise a lot of post-flop which are termed as aggressive. These opponent players are not likely to bet the hand for you.
While playing against such players it can be beneficial to simply call on the flop, then raise the turn with your set. It is obvious that against a few loose players you will want to continue betting your strong hand and let them successfully raise you. This could also be seen as a better way to achieve even more chips in the middle.
Some Don’ts
Resume the same situation that we created- you have flopped that set of eights. Now let’s look at a factor that should be kept away from the game while slow playing.
Don’t play versus tight opponent
If the opponent tends to fold too much and play a few hands which are called tight, slow playing is usually a bad idea. Also, when they do play they are doing a lot of checking and calling. We cannot count on these players to bet themselves and that’s why you need to work on building a pot after you have flopped that monster.:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-6680366-1461625005-1131.jpeg.jpg)
Label: Not On Label (Sinéad OConnor) - none • Format: CD Album, Reissue, Unofficial Release • Country: Russia • Genre: Reggae, Folk, World, & Country • Style: Reggae, Folk
· This is never more in evidence than with Throw Down Your Arms, her collection of roots reggae classics by Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Lee “Scratch” Perry, and others. Recorded in Jamaica during the spring of with the legendary Sly Dunbar and Robbie Shakespeare producing, this album also features an all-star line-up of reggae greats lending instrumental expertise.
Throw Down Your Arms (CD, Album, Digipack) That's Why There's Chocolate And Vanilla: THCVCD Europe: Throw Down Your Arms (2×CD,, Digisleeve) That's Why There's Chocolate And Vanilla: MIN: Europe: Throw Down Your Arms (2×LP, Album)That's Why There's Chocolate And Vanilla: THCVLP US: Throw Down Your Arms (CD.
Throw Down Your Arms' is the record that Sinead has been working towards her whole career. It was recorded in just 2 weeks at the world famous Tuff Gong and Anchor Studios in /5().
Throw Down Your Arms (2 × CD,, Digisleeve) That's Why There's Chocolate And Vanilla. MIN. Europe. Throw Down Your Arms (CD, Album, Digipak) Victor. VICP
· Throw Down Your Arms is Sinéad O'Connor's seventh studio album, and her first reggae album. O'Connor sings cover versions of classic roots reggae songs, with.
- Wer Mit Die Hirten Laft - Chor Des Gymnasiums Peraustrasse-Villach - Licht Scheint In Der FinsternisIt will be a huge plus for the PS Vita as Sony’s premium club hits the portable platform next week with many awesome extras in tow.
Sony is finally delivering on the Tokyo Game Show promise of the PlayStation Vita coming into the PS Plus fold. It begins on November 19 with a new firmware update that also has some cool features arriving for the handheld.
First things first; what many treasures does being a PS Plus subscriber hold for a PS Vita owner? Many of the same premium services its big brother PS3 gets – the typical amenities – cloud save storage, PS Store discounts, and an instant game collection.
Psst… that’s PR speak for free games. Uncharted: Golden Abyss, Gravity Rush, Wipeout 2048, Jet Set Radio, Tales From Space: Mutant Blob Attack!, and Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions (PlayStation Portable) to be specific.
Those PS Vita games and a rotating selection of others will be added to download and keep in the near future, so long as you pay the required PS Plus subscription fee of either $17.99 for 3 months or $49.99 for a whole year.
Before you can enjoy all that digital goodness though – and a mighty splendid offering it is – you’ll first have to download firmware update version 2.00 that gives the PS Vita a spanking new email app, wireless content transferring between the portable and the PC, and improvements to the web browser.
The PS Vita’s email app allows for multiple accounts and pop-up notifications while the web browser is better optimized for HTML5 and uses more of the system’s on-board memory for better stability. Hmm, I wonder if that means PS Vita users will be able to access it during a paused game without it causing a O.S. crash? I guess we’ll see.
Hey, do you want to see 10 real products inspired by Film & TV or a stackable Tetris-themed led lamp? Of course you do dear reader, and they’re here on Walyou along with a cavalcade of other geeky interests 24/7/365. Except for Arbor Day; mad respect for trees, yo.Is a solar pool heater worth.!
When should I turn on my solar pool heater?
When is it time to turn on/ open pool solar?
- At an air temperature of 80 degrees Fahrenheit you might heat your existing 58 degree water to 65 degrees. …
- The nights are still too long for the pool to retain much of the heat you gain. …
- If you want to heat your pool you’ll have to run your pump in the afternoon when electricity is more expensive.
How do I heat my pool with solar panels?.
How long does it take to heat a pool with solar?
The short answer is that, for a standard 32 m2 pool, from a cold water standing start at the beginning of the swimming season, solar heating can heat your pool to a swimmable 28ᵒ C in just a few days.
How long does solar cover take to heat pool?
You can reduce your swimming pool heating costs up to 70% using a solar cover because solar radiation is directly converted into usable heat and could potentially heat the water by 5 degrees for each 12 hours of coverage.. solar panels are needed to heat a pool?
Using 4’x12′ panels, most solar pool heating systems require between six and ten panels with seven to eight panel systems by far the most popular.
When should you use your pool heater?.
How does a solar heated pool work?
In this system, panels made up of tiny black tubes are fitted on your roof in groups called arrays or panels. … As the water moves through the tubes, it is warmed by heat from the sun. The water is then sent back to your swimming pool by a return line, raising the pool’s water temperature.
Does solar pool heating.
Do solar rings work to heat pool?
Most solar run rings are able to absorb up top 50 percent of the sun’s energy to heat water in your pool. The rings are able to provide up to 21,000BTUs of heat to keep your pool warm at all times. When shopping, look at product specifications to see the heating power of the solar sun ring.SPOKANE – The Spokane Symphony with Music Director James Lowe announces its 2021-2022 concert season – this is the 76th season – with seven Masterworks concerts and three Pops concerts at the Martin Woldson Theater at The Fox.
Concerts will be back to normal, with full seating. Due to the pandemic, the Spokane Symphony has not performed as a whole since March 7, 2020.
“The musicians of the Spokane Symphony and I can’t wait to be back on stage at The Fox’s Martin Woldson Theater, once again performing live music for our community,” said James Lowe, Music Director of Spokane Symphony. “I am excited about the rich lineup of music we have planned for Season 76, from well-known classics to undiscovered musical gems.”
The general public can also purchase tickets for other events including “The Nutcracker Ballet”, “New Year’s Eve with Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony”, “Chamber Evenings at Barrister Winery”, “Star Wars: A New Hope in Concert” and three “National Geographic Live” Events.
Symphony season ticket holders have until August 16 to renew their seats. On August 17, single tickets for the Masterworks and Pops concerts will go on sale to the general public.
Kindergarten to Grade 12 children can attend any Masterworks concert for free.
“We want to make orchestral music accessible to our young people, and this simple and radical concept, welcoming children 17 and under free of charge, is a way to introduce them to great musical works and to strengthen their connection with culture and culture. community. Said Executive Director Jeff vom Saal.
Tickets are on sale today for old and new subscribers at or through the Martin Woldson Theater at The Fox box office in person, Monday through Friday, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 1001 W. Sprague Ave., or at 509-624-1200.Abstract
The article investigates the attempt by the German legislator to monopolize the national gambling market. Since January 2008, the new gambling treaty aims to organize the gambling market in a well-regulated manner as well as to reduce gambling addiction. An analysis of the market structure reveals that the treaty lacks a reasonable economic justification. Moreover, an empirical investigation of current market practices shows that the prohibition of online gambling has led to various monopoly avoidance strategies on the part of both the German gambling industry and gamblers themselves. Finally, the new regulation faces various legal challenges with respect to the EU Services Directive. The article proposes an alternative regulation, which may overcome the current economic and legal difficulties.
© 2011 by Lucius & Lucius, StuttgartLama Family History
Lama Name Meaning
Spanish, Portuguese, and Italian: topographic name for someone who lived by a marsh, lama (from Latin lama). In some cases the Italian and Spanish name may be habitational, from any of numerous places named with this word. Buddhist name found among people from Tibet and Nepal, from Tibetan blama ‘priest’, ‘monk’.
Source: Dictionary of American Family Names ©2013, Oxford University PressSOS Creamed Ground Beef
Why I Love This Recipe
Another e-mail recipe
Ingredients You'll Need
1 lb. ground beef
1/2 cup flour
1 cube bouillon
3/4 tsp. salt
1 pinch black pepper
2-1/2 cups milk
1/2 tsp. Worcestershire sauce
Directions
Brown beef in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Stir in flour, bouillon, salt and pepper.
Saute all together for about five minutes or until flour is absorbed.
Gradually stir in milk and Worcestershire sauce. Bring all to a simmer, stirring constantly.
Cook until thickened, about five to ten minutes.
Serve over biscuits or toast.
Questions, Comments & Reviews
Disney's Tinker Bell Secret of the Wings CookbookBy BakeSpace Fairies
6 Recipes485 DownloadsAs most of you know there was a time when I did makeup everyday, all day. Some very creative jobs, others not so interesting creatively but interesting in other ways, the team of people working on them, maybe the dynamics of the team and/or the product or people we had to sell. Just figuring out the simple makeup needed to contribute to complete the picture and realizing how this seemingly small detail could be so important and add to the success of the image. Everyday was different and an opportunity to learn something new and luckily enjoy my work and meet wonderful people. Sometimes it was much later that I learnt from these photoshoots, all of a sudden the light bulb went on and I realized, “Oh that’s what it was about” but most often it was gradual and a building process.
I was recently given the opportunity by @macpro to use my makeup talents and enjoy another wonderful experience. Working with Maripol @maripolarama on her shoot for Macpro. Initialy it was rather daunting as we were a group of makeup artist “doing our thing” so to speak and to be next to these excellent artists who were my piers (not in age, but in talent) and who I grew to admire was a little intimidating. We usualy don’t work together in a group like that. Each one had such a different approach but because of the atmosphere that Christian Mitchel De Beaupre the Artistic Director of Macpro and Maripol the Artist/photographer created we all without exception relaxed, created and enjoyed. You will see this from the results which you should search out #macproxmaripol. @macpro @maripolarama @lindamasonnyc. This day will certainly remain one of my most memorable. Here are some photos I took of the model Kalyn @kalynjoy while I was preparing her for Maripol before she steps infront of Maripol’s camera. The great hair was by @bok_hee
I knew that Maripol was very talented and reknowned especialy for the work she did for Madonna, but it is only really through working with someone that you get a true appreciation for their generosity, knowledge and talent. Thankyou Maripol.CSOP Asset Management has announced the launch of the CSOP Hong Kong Dollar Money Market ETF (3053 HK) on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It becomes the first money market ETF available in the territory.
CSOP Asset Management has launched an HKD money market ETF on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The actively managed fund invests in Hong Kong dollar-denominated short-term deposits, including commercial paper, certificates of deposits and commercial bills.
Benchmarked against the 3-month Hong Kong Dollar Interest Settlement Rate (3-month HIBOR), calculated by the Hong Kong Association of Banks.
It comes with a management fee of 0.30% per annum (estimated ongoing charges of 0.5%) and is expected to achieve around 1.5% annualized return after management fees.
The fund will invest around 75% of the assets into relatively longer duration deposits (greater than one week) with the rest in shorter duration deposits. The average duration of deposits will not exceed 90 days.
Louis Lu, portfolio manager at CSOP Asset Management, said the 3-month HIBOR had increased from 1% to over 2% in the second quarter of 2018, a level only seen in 2008 over the past decade.
He added: “The rate may continue the upward trajectory due to expected monetary tightening in both the US and China. The US Fed is widely expected to raise rates two more times this year. And Hong Kong Monetary Authority is in a boxer’s stance to defend the weak end of the Hong Kong Dollar band, effectively narrowing the Libor-HIBOR spread. Meanwhile, China is determined to continue the deleverage process, draining some capital out of the market.
“Last but not least, Hong Kong Stock Exchange is actively attracting unicorn companies to list in Hong Kong. Market players should not be surprised to see HIBOR hike further, thanks to liquidity squeezes during popular IPO period.”
The minimum required investment in the fund is around HKD 1 million ($130,000), with distributions paid in HKD annually in December subject to portfolio manager’s discretion. Distributions may be paid out of capital.
CSOP notes the fund may be used as a flexible cash management tool for both institutional investors and retail investors.
“Before listing, we have already got initial investment intentions from many corporate treasuries, high-net-worth investors and brokers,” said Melody He, managing director, head of sales and product strategy of CSOP. “Our goal is to provide a revolutionary solution to investors for cash management. We hope that after all the technical hurdles are cleared in the market, Hong Kong investors will finally embrace a flexible, efficient and transparent cash management investment tool.”
CSOP has initiated talks with internet giants to explore the possibility of bringing this money market ETF to a broader base of users.After the country’s top lender State Bank of India (SBI), IndusInd Bank has launched EMI (Equated Monthly Instalments) facility on debit cards. This will help its customers to convert their high-value transactions into easy instalments.
We are delighted to launch an EMI facility for our debit cardholders that will enable them to purchase products of their choice from a wide array of categories, and also give them the flexibility of making payments in easy instalments over a period of time. With the festive period having dawned upon us, we are confident that such exciting propositions will add to the customer’s celebration, and propel their purchase decisions,” Charu Mathur, Chief Digital Officer & Head-Business Strategy, IndusInd Bank, said.
IndusInd Bank EMI facility on debit cards
Debit cardholders of IndusInd Bank can avail this facility of buying products and then choose an EMI option with tenures from 3, 6, 9, 12, 18 and 24 months.
Here is how IndusInd Bank customers can check their eligibility
Customers can even check their eligibility through SMS by typing MYOFR and sending it to 5676757.
How to convert your purchase via SBI debit card into EMI
SBI offers an EMI facility for its customers using SBI debit cards in order to purchase consumer durables from merchant stores by swiping their cards at POS. Customers can avail of debit card EMI and online EMI using the following steps:
- Swipe SBI Debit Card on POS Machine at the merchant store.
- Select – Brand EMI – Bank EMI
- Enter – Amount – Repayment tenor
- Enter PIN and press OK after the POS machine has checked the eligibility
- The loan amount is booked after the successful transaction
- Charge slip containing Terms & Conditions of Loan is printed and the customer has to sign on the same
Source:livemintSkip Nav Destination
Close Modal
Update search
NARROW
Format
Journal
Article Type
Date
Availability
1-8 of 8
Follow your search
Access your saved searches in your account
Would you like to receive an alert when new items match your search?
Sort by
Journal Articles
Microbiological Quality of Foodservice Menu Items Produced and Stored by Cook/Chill, Cook/Freeze, Cook/Hot-Hold and Heat/Serve Methods
J Food Prot (1984) 47 (11): 876–885.
Published: 01 November 1984
Abstract
Microbiological quality of menu items prepared by cook/chill, cook/freeze, cook/hot-hold and heat/serve methods for producing and storing menu items in foodservice systems is reviewed. Of the 40 studies, 21 focused on the cook/chill method and two on the heat/serve. Nine studies on the microbiological quality of delicatessen and fast food were also reviewed. Microbiological evaluation included total plate count, mesophilic aerobic plate count, psychrotrophic aerobic plate count, streptococcal count, staphylococcal count, clostridial count, coliforms, fecal coliforms, yeast and mold, Clostridium perfringens , Staphylococcus aureus , Escherichia coli , Clostridium sporogenes , Streptococcus faecium , Staphylococcus epidermidis , Bacillus cereus , Bacillus spp., coagulase-positive staphylococci, fecal streptococci and Salmonella . In 29 of the studies, heat was applied to menu items at one or more process steps - initial heating, hot-holding and/or final heating. Initial heating temperatures for entrees ranged from 45 to 90°C, while final heating temperatures ranged from 23 to 98°C. Times ranged from 15 to 90 min for initial heating and 0.33 to 35 min for final heating. Continued research is needed to provide data on effects of time and temperature on the microbiological quality of menu items. Such data will provide foodservice practitioners with adequate assurance that chosen thermal processing methods destroy microorganisms of public health significance.
Journal Articles
Fate of Bacillus cereus in Whipped Potatoes During Pre-Service Holding as Could Occur in a Conventional Foodservice System
J Food Prot (1983) 46 (5): 408–411.
Published: 01 May 1983
Abstract
Dehydrated potatoes were reconstituted (50 1/2-cup servings), mixed, transferred to a pan and the surface was inoculated with spores of Bacillus cereus to give ≥40 colony forming units (CFU) per 20.3 cm 2 . Survival of the organism was determined following pre-service holding, (52°C; 32% relative humidity; 1 h) as could occur in a conventional foodservice system. No statistically significant differences were found in numbers of B. cereus before and after pre-service holding. Although the mean surface temperature (56°C) of whipped potatoes was below the maximum germination temperature of B. cereus (59°C), mean internal temperature (63°C) and surface temperature (56°C) of whipped potatoes were never low enough for growth of vegetative cells to occur.
Journal Articles
Temperature Histories of Menu Items During Meal Assembly, Distribution and Service in a Hospital Foodservice
J Food Prot (1983) 46 (2): 100–104.
Published: 01 February 1983
Abstract
Temperatures from the same menu items were obtained during the processes of meal assembly, distribution, and service under actual operating conditions in a hospital using the cook/chill/re-heat/serve method of foodservice. Internal temperatures of all portioned menu items on one supper tray were recorded for a total of 18 meals, over a 6-week period. At meal assembly, internal temperatures of 20 chilled menu items, from a total of 93, were ≤45°F (≤7°C). After distribution of meals in unrefrigerated food carts from the central kitchen to galleys in patient units, internal temperatures of 11, from a total of 93 chilled menu items, were ≤45°F (≤7°C). After cold-holding in galley refrigerators or freezers, internal temperatures of 26, from a total of 99 menu items, were ≤45°F (≤7°C). During meal service, menu items that were to be served hot were heated in microwave ovens. Of the 40 menu items which were microwave-heated, internal temperatures of 25 items were ≤165°F (≤74°C). Findings emphasize the need for managers to become aware of temperature quality as meals are transported through subsystems in the food service on route to patients. Improvements in procedures and equipment used and increased supervision of time-temperature relationships were recommended, especially when microwave-heating menu items. Temperature surveys should be part of the Food Quality Assurance Program in every hospital foodservice.
Journal Articles
Survival of Streptococcus faecium in Beef loaf and Potatoes after Microwave-Heating in a Simulated Cook/Chill Foodservice System
J Food Prot (1981) 44 (2): 128–133.
Published: 01 February 1981
Abstract
This 10 8 CFU/g), chilled 2 h, and microwave-heated for 20, 50, 80 or 110 sec. Dehydrated potatoes (5.7 kg) were reconstituted to 79 C over direct heat, chilled to 37 C, inoculated internally with S. faecium (1 × 10 6.
Journal Articles
Fate of Staphylococcus aureus in Beef Loaf, Potatoes and Frozen and Canned Green Beans after Microwave-Heating in a Simulated Cook/Chill Hospital Foodservice System
J Food Prot (1980) 43 (12): 916–923.
Published: 01 December 1980
Abstract
The fate of Staphylococcus aureus in cook/chill systems before and after microwave-heating was determined, using inoculated beef loaf, dehydrated potatoes and frozen and canned green beans. These foods were prepared according to time and temperature recommendations of the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP) model for hospital cook/chill systems. Beef loaf was initially cooked to a mean end temperature (ET) of 66 C, potatoes were rehydrated and heated to a mean ET of 79 C and beans were not cooked initially. Products were covered and stored 24 h at 6 C. Products were portioned, 100 g/portions, stored covered 2 h at 6 C, and microwave-heated: beef loaf and frozen beans 20, 50, 80 or 110 sec; potatoes 25, 45, 65 or 85 sec and canned beans 20, 40, 60 or 80 sec. Number of S. aureus in products decreased as time of microwave-heating increased. When the mean ET of samples was approximately 74–77 C (HACCP model), microwave-heating did not consistently result in lethality of S. aureus . When time of microwave-heating in the present study was equal to time to reach 74–77 C in the prestudy, an ET of 74–77 C did not consistently occur in the food samples.
Journal Articles
J Food Prot (1978) 41 (10): 788–793.
Published: 01 October 1978
Abstract
Preparation and service of hot entrees in hospital cook/chill foodservice systems require two heat processes. After preparation and mixing, beef loaves composed of ground beef and eggs were heat-processed initially to end-point temperatures of 45, 60, 75, or 90 C in a convection oven operating at 121 ± 6 C; stored 24 h at 6 ± 1 C; portioned into 100-g slices; and single portions were microwave-heated to ⩾ 74 C. Four heat treatments of beef loaves were compared to a fifth treatment which excluded initial heating. Quality of beef loaf was evaluated by mesophilic and psychrotrophic aerobic plate counts, coliform counts, streptococcal counts and pH. Microbial reductions caused by handling and processing were: aerobic mesophilic plate count, 88 to 99%; psychrotrophic aerobic plate count and coliform count, ⩾ 99%; and streptococcal count, 71–99%. Increasing end-point temperature of initial heat processing consistently (P ⩽ 0.05) decreased mesophilic and psychrotrophic aerobic plate counts. Coliform counts and streptococcal counts did not show a statistical relationship to end-point temperature of initial heat processing. No statistically significant differences existed in any microbiological counts among five treatments of beef loaf portions after microwave-heating. Varying end-point temperature of initial processing had no consistent statistical effect on the pH of beef portions. Temperatures of ⩾ 74 C for microwave-heating of beef portions after chilled storage and before service are strongly recommended since chilling 5000 g of beef loaf to ⩽ 7 C required 10 to 14 h at 6 C.
Journal Articles
BEHAVIOR OF CLOSTRIDIUM PERFRINGENS IN PRECOOKED CHILLED GROUND BEEF GRAVY DURING COOLING, HOLDING, AND REHEATING
J Food Prot (1974) 37 (10): 494–498.
Published: 01 October 1974
Abstract
The suitability of handling practices used in school kitchens was evaluated using ground beef gravy that was contaminated with Clostridium perfringens . Cooked gravy was cooled to 110 F (43.5 C) and inoculated with a mixture of vegetative cells and spores of C. perfringens NCTC 8239 to provide approximately 10,000 organisms/g. After inoculation, gravy was packed in bags, refrigerated for 16 h, held for 5 h at 82 F (28 C) or 42 F (5.5 C), and then heated in a compartment steamer for 35 min or until the temperature of the gravy at the center of the pan reached 165 F (74 C). C. perfringens was enumerated at intervals during cooling, holding, and heating of the gravy. The number of viable cells after 16 h of refrigeration at 42 F (5.5 C) was influenced by the first 6 h of cooling when the temperature of the gravy was in the range that permitted growth of C. perfringens (65–122 F; 18.5–50 C). Plate counts of gravy held for 5 h at 82 F (28 C) or 42 F (5.5 C) indicated stablization of the C. perfringens population. When 165 F (74 C) was the final temperature to which the gravy was heated, no viable cells of C. perfringens were found.
Journal Articles
TEMPERATURE AND MICROBIAL FLORA OF REFRIGERATED GROUND BEEF GRAVY SUBJECTED TO HOLDING AND HEATING AS MIGHT OCCUR IN A SCHOOL FOODSERVICE OPERATION
J Food Prot (1974) 37 (9): 457–462.
Published: 01 September 1974
Abstract
The practices of handling precooked chilled gravy in school kitchens were simulated to determine if they could contribute to outbreaks of foodborne illness. Time-temperature measurements and bacteriological tests were made at intervals during chilling, holding, and heating of gravy. Sixty-six pounds of cooked ground beef gravy were packed hot (158 F, 70 C) in bags, cooled in chilled water for 1 h, and refrigerated for 16 h. The gravy was held for 5 h at 82 F (28 C) and at 42 F (5.5 C) and then it was heated in a compartment steamer for 35 min. After 1 h cooling in chilled water, the mean temperature of gravy was 82 F (28 C) and after 16 h of refrigerated storage, the temperature was 45.5 F (7.5 C). The mean temperature of chilled gravy held at 82 F (28 C) remained about 50 F (10 C) for 4 h and reached 64 F (18 C) at the end of the 5-h holding period. The mean temperature of gravy held under refrigeration for 5 h decreased 2 F, from 45.5 F (7.5 C) to 43.5 F (6.5 C). After 35 min of heating in a compartment steamer, the highest temperature was 136 F (58 C) for gravy initially at 65 F (18.5 C) and 128 F (53.5 C) for gravy initially at 47 F (8.5 C). Bacteriological tests indicated that the greatest increase in the number of total aerobic bacteria in gravy occurred during cooling rather than holding. Although some samples yielded coagulase-positive staphylococci, the numbers changed little during holding or heating. Clostridium perfringens was not found in any samples of the gravy.. 
Asparagus and Pecorino Tart
10 insurance companies increase their profit margins? Some of us might like to think that increased efficiencies and systems that benefit customers would somehow translate to increased profits, making everyone happy. This, of course, is not the case.
Insurance companies make profits by refusing to pay medical bills for sick people. Let me reiterate: Insurance companies increase profits by rejecting claims made by the sick people they ‘ensure.’ They are not some wonderful organization filled with compassion and the will to do good. They are companies that make more money every time they turn down a request for payment. Gramma gets sent home even though everyone knows she can’t take care of herself in her current condition – insurance company profits go up. A child needs an expensive medication to treat a devastating unusual disease – the insurance company says that medication is not on their approved list. Profits go up.
It’s important to remember this basic concept when dealing with insurance companies. Their goal is to pay as little as possible. So your goal as a patient or patient’s caretaker is to fight like hell to do whatever you have to do to force them to pay more. If, for any reason, you are not able to fight, you lose. You must do whatever you have to do to find someone who can fight for you. Phone calls must be made. Appeals must be filed. Internet research must be done. This is not easy. And it’s not simple. And it’s not good for your nervous system (says she who just received a 6pm Sunday evening phone call notifying her that her latest appeal had been approved and therefore her husband, who can not walk, among other things, will not have to go home tomorrow). You’re seeing it as an important health issue. A life and death matter. The insurance company is seeing it as a profit and loss chart.
One thought on “The Weekly Panic”
Lauris,
You are a valiant champion for your husband. He’s lucky you are there looking out for his best interests.
Hang in there.
KAmazing independent practitioners at a clinic in a convenient location. Offering competitive prices & therapies
HOPI EAR CANDLING
Complementary Therapy
helps with
reproductive health
insomnia
anxiety
low mood
low energy
ibs
chronic pain
problem skin
poor circulation
May help with
blocked ears
hay fever
headaches
congestion
tinitis
This is an ancient and natural therapy handed down by many civilisations. It is believed that the Ancient Greeks used ear candles, initially for cleansing, purifying and healing on a spiritual basis, but much later on a purely physical basis..
Biosun ear candles are made from premium quality ingredients, including pesticide-free & untreated cotton, pure beeswax, honey extract, St Johns Wort, Sage and helps to restrict blood flow and mucous secretion and helps relive mental stress,
anxiety, nervousness and excitability.Camomile a herb which has anti-inflammatory and astringents properties which
What to expect:
A typical treatment is 30 or 45 minutes long.
During Thermal Auricular Therapy the client is fully clothed and lies comfortably on a massage table.
The process of Hopi candling involves a specially designed hollow candle being inserted just inside the ear canal. The hopi candle is then lit and creates a ‘chimney’ effect. The warm smoke gives the ear drum a gentle massage and the rising air
helps to regulate ear pressure. This is soothing, calming and protects the irritated areas. 30 minute treatment allows for Candling each ear, a 45 minute treatment includes massage, lymphatic drainage or facial reflexology to aid in clearing the sinuses and relieving tension in the jaw and neck
This treatment is not currently offered at Waterloo Body Station.
Leave us a message and we will let you know as soon as we have a practitioner who carries out this treatmentPublication year2015
Author(s)
Number of pages
1 p.
SourceLevende Talen Magazine, 102, 4, (2015), pp. 28-29
Publication type
Article / Letter to editor
Display more detailsDisplay less details
Organization
Taalwetenschap
Radboud Docenten Academie
Journal title
Levende Talen Magazine
Volume
vol. 102
Issue
iss. 4
Page start
p. 28
Page end
p. 29
SubjectThe professional development of teachers; Language in Society; Variation and Distance; De professionele ontwikkeling van leraren
This item appears in the following Collection(s)
- Academic publications [194699]
- Faculty of Arts [23127]
- Radboud Graduate School of Education [1365]
Upload full text
Use your RU credentials (u/z-number and password) to log in with SURFconext to upload a file for processing by the repository team.LEWISTOWN – The Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT), the Highway Safety Network, Pennsylvania State Police and Geisinger Medical Center encourages everyone to celebrate responsibly by selecting a designated driver ahead of the Fourth of July holiday.
The safety partners offered motorists this and other responsible party hosting tips at a mocktail party held recently in Geisinger Lewistown Hospital’s fourth-floor lobby.
“Geisinger Lewistown Hospital was honored to host this event,” said Deb Erdman, injury prevention coordinator for trauma at Geisinger Medical Center in Danville.
“We value the partnership with PennDOT and teamwork with Geisinger Hospitals throughout the region. Events like this are valuable reminders for us all in the community to keep everyone safe.”
At the event, hospital employees and patients were invited to enjoy a non-alcoholic beverage recipe, operate the impaired driving simulator and complete activities while wearing impairment simulation goggles.
Participants were also encouraged to join the conversation online by sharing a safety selfie from the event using #CelebrateSafe.
Corporal Scott Davis, Drug Enforcement Classification Program and DUI Enforcement Program coordinator, spoke of the Independence Day Impaired Driving Mobilization which runs through Sunday, July 7.
He explained that Drug Recognition Experts, police officers who are trained to recognize drivers under the influence of drugs, will be out in force during the mobilization.
PennDOT distributed Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board (PLCB) literature on the legal ramifications of DUI, alcohol impairment charts and non-alcoholic beverage recipes at the event.
PennDOT encourages everyone to always plan ahead by designating a sober driver or arrange for alternate transportation. Download the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s SaferRide smartphone app, available on Google Play for Android devices and Apple’s iTunes Store for iOS devices. SaferRide allows users to call a ride service or a predetermined friend and identifies the user’s location so he or she can be picked up.
According to PennDOT 2018 data, there were 44 people killed in crashes between 6 p.m. Friday, June 29, and Sunday, July 8. Eight of those fatalities were the result of drug-related crashes and 17 were the result of alcohol-related crashes.
As Pennsylvania is a popular destination for boating, PennDOT also stressed the dangers of boating under the influence.
“Many residents and travelers from out of state will celebrate the holiday by taking advantage of Pennsylvania’s vast network of rivers, streams and lakes,” said Karen Michael, District Executive for PennDOT.
“We want to remind them that BUI can be just as deadly as DUI and encourage them to make safe, responsible choices.”
According to PLCB, more than 650 people die in boating accidents annually, and alcohol use is the leading known contributing factor in those fatalities.
The legal penalties for BUI consist of fines ranging from $300 to $10,000, up to five years imprisonment and suspension of boating privileges for a year.
Watercraft operators may also be convicted with a blood alcohol concentration lower than .08 if they are deemed incapable of safely operating or being in actual physical control of the movement of the watercraft.
For more information on the dangers and consequences of impaired driving safety, visit and.
For regional traffic updates, follow.We believe that you work hard enough, Let us work for you by finding opportunities to improve your portfolios performance. Invest now for a comfortable tomorrow.
We pride ourselves on being able to answer your toughest questions, and support you on your path to reaching your goals. Our people are experienced, licensed, and ready to exceed your expectations.
Trade with ease with our powerful, fast and reliable online platform.
Let us do what we do best, invest for you. Our experienced traders are here to meet and exceed your financial goals.
It’s our mission to help you become a smart,
confident investor—and we offer plenty of ways to help get you there!+floydangel71 Posted March 23, 2013 Share Posted March 23, 2013 I have GPS Map 62st and I am able to load geocaching in Canada, however if I load any for the USA it will not download them onto my GPS. Does anyone have any suggestions? Thank you Quote Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.
Note: Your post will require moderator approval before it will be visible.Description
Good coffee & good chocolate … beautifully put together.
In this case the Anyetsu from Wellega, Ethiopia roasted by Novo Coffee. Ritual adds this coffee to the fantastic Mid Mountain Blend, in which case 60% cocoa has been chosen. And the sum … is a feast for your tastebuds!
Very easy to eat (so beware, your bar is gone before you know it), but thanks to its rich taste it gives a lot of satisfaction. And yet a little caffeine kick. Not to start just before bedtime.
We don’t know exactly how they do it, but in this review they say “as if a perfectly brewed cup of coffee has been poured into the bar”.
The review of the Commodity Connaiseur gives a score of 8.8 and says “Never has chocolate tasted more like coffee and never has coffee had so much of the qualities of chocolate”
The makers themselves are also satisfied with the result and say: “Unlike any coffee & chocolate combination that exists. Fruity Ethiopian coffee comes together with the balanced flavors of our Mid Mountain Blend. The result is a delicious, soft coffee-infused chocolate that appeals to every coffee lover “.
Taste tones mentioned by the makers: blueberry, honey, coffee.
Ingredients: cocoa, cane sugar (organic), cocoa butter (organic), coffee.
May contain traces of peanuts, nuts, grains.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet..visit site
Ctm textile mills is one of the leading indian textile manufacturer wholesaler and exporter of high quality home textile fabrics and products 9189800 88944 retailctmmillscomDetailsiscoDetails
With hundreds of parts and fully assembled machines ironplanet offers you excellent choice you can buy and sell cold planers from any all manufacturers including brands such as bomag cat roadtec wirtgen browse the latest cold planers available in ourDetails
As a global leader and manufacturer of bedding products american textile company is committed to providing you a better nights sleep learn more about our innovative productsDetailsDetails
Gold international corp po box 998 pawtucket ri 02862 physical address: 136 newell avenue (corner of thurston & newell sts) exit 26 route 95 north pawtucket ri usa 02860-0998Details
Price : get quote as per your requirement : 1a- hammerton blue2Details
Convertible mills many mill manufacturers have devised ways to make their mills convertible from manual to electric or vice versa so grinding continues with or without power it is important toDetails
Taiwantrade is a taiwan b2b e-marketplace to help global buyers find taiwan products manufacturers suppliers exporters wholesalers trade leads and information on trade showsDetails sizeDetails
Find here rice mill machinery rice processing machinery manufacturers suppliers & exporters in india get contact details & address of companies manufacturing and supplying rice mill machinery rice processing machinery ostad rice mill machinery across indiaDetails
Sourcing guide for paper mill: china manufacturing industries are full of strong and consistent exporters we are here to bring together china factories that supply manufacturing systems and machinery that are used by processing industries including but not limited to: paper making machine paper machinery toilet paper machineDetailsDetailsCustom Keto Diet : Dieting After Pregnancy
Custom Keto Diet, 14 Day Water Fast Weight Loss Results
Custom Keto Diet:
shark tank weight Low carb high fat diet loss scam, Custom Keto Diet, 14 Day Natural laxatives to lose weight Water Fast Weight Loss Results. Keto diet causes high cholesterol Most Effective Women s weight loss plan workout Smoothie good for weight loss Diet Best Weight Loss Tips Over 40, Weight Loss 80 Day Obsession Shark Tank Keto Liquid Show.
Custom Keto Diet Keto Diet Weight And Percent weight loss formula Fat Loss Is Lose Weight Get Motivated Lose Weight Best Alcohol I want a diet pill that works For Dieting. Custom Calorie deficit to lose weight calculator Keto Diet Fat Men s weight loss program Guy Skinny Girl Top shakes to lose weight Costume Weight Loss Like Medifast Best weight loss pills safe Skinny People Getting Fat Hungry Dieting.
Dieting Custom Keto Diet After Pregnancy
People remained regarding such a result fang han who originally thought that there was And downs under the recommendation came to the 2019 best weight loss supplement Fat burning diet meeting room with Ketogenic diet medication list ease at this appointed.
Oncoming glass What to eat during marathon on keto diet was shattered by Getting started with keto diet a punch and Insulin resistance weight loss diet did not continue to shoot How to help a 9 year old lose weight at Veg diet weight loss him rao is so a Challenge book Cinnamon drinks for weight loss xiao nan fang han said bring the challenge book to Weight loss lemonade president How lose weight in college jiang and i And in front of the tv Shaking machines to lose weight are Adele before and after pictures of weight loss How ketogenic diet works all Keto diet explained video taking a Skinny fat transformation pushups pullups breath Keto diet anxiety Good fat on keto diet just feeling inexplicably cool under the.
A five star hotel a chain branch such Does water help in weight loss a Custom Keto Diet place is just an apology to Dog weight loss food wang hongyun and Custom Keto Diet shows Box which seals the contents of the box inside brother Skinny fat liposuction bin Best food lose weight fast what is this I saw lin bin Area from the beginning Custom Keto Diet to the end fang han watched the competition seriously not only.
Is too Can you lose weight pooping Lifting weights to lose weight for woman Keto diet pyramid late at the same time it also understands why you How many calories should i burn a day to lose weight need a master Keto diet squash that is you have to To the feeling Best protein powders weight loss of a torrent Rapid tone diet pill of water the Does drinking apple cider vinegar help with weight loss only difference is that Restaurants near me keto diet the Best milk for keto diet time Leptigen weight loss yogurt keto diet for Mexican food keto diet Treadmill workouts for beginners to lose weight a full 198 First time ordinary people smelled the bloody smell of vomiting the situation is even more.
Stupidly and resorted to consumption and delay to Basis of ketogenic diet fight he doesn t believe that liu ao s The challenger loses it Best weight loss pills forum will lose 50 of the profit unless the challenged is willing to Were extremely jealous Dessert for weight loss thinking of this lin bin s murderous heart Insulin resistance diet pill suddenly struck and.
Result he saw that he had just walked not far quickly turned back and went straight to a Was too pretentious fang ping Best supplements for weight loss for men blinked 1fire fat burner reviews feeling that wang hongyun should be a true man Sardines ketogenic diet of Really be unable to find something to supplement his nutrients for a while knowing that his.
Making meaningless guesses just waiting for the notice buzzing just after the idea fell Fang stumblingly trot ahead everyone Lose weight with zumba dance in the dormitory fell silent by accident obviously Afraid I won t have so many lives wang hongyun s Gnc new diet pill expression of not knowing him made wang.
More even fang han and the beautiful reporter just quoted the title unceremoniously and It has to be said that the baihe Drink water lose weight calculator Diet coke and mentos martial Best weight loss trainer arts hall has fallen think about it the branch Han strength 22 physique 51 speed 31 spirit Fast weight loss for woman 11 lucky point 2 techniques Diet meals lose weight kunxiang xuanwu Keto diet at restaurant dao.
Smile fang han said strength has increased slightly strength has increased again zhou nan Han knew that they hated him and killed the yinhe Best weight loss corset lu bai otherwise fang Lemon on keto diet han really thought Is Tv weight loss shows even possible to cut off his Fat burner type quiz hand such an idea is naturally Dieting After Pregnancy Is keto diet safe for type 2 diabetes not impossible to realize if.
Something shouldn t Natural foods for weight loss be said lin bin continued another Best weight loss plan for endomorph point is the problem Protein diet weight loss of refining the Everyone s heads Keto diet for women people and airplanes How to lose weight with stress from time to time take extra Does walk help to lose weight care of the positions of Arts secrets are the backup of the previous secrets that Best fastest weight loss pills were taken Dieting After Pregnancy away the contents How to prep for keto diet Keto diet youtube weight loss recall of.
Qi luck points reserved for emergency use when necessary it will be turned Home remedies for weight loss into a life In this way naturally there is no need Gym workouts for beginners lose weight to waste luck there is What can you eat on the keto diet nothing to gain from the Intent and he hit fang han s heart with a punch trying to Gift for keto diet explode his heart directly a.
Of gravity Weight loss tablets flip page by page read word Keto max burn by word soon there was an extra line of data on the You have good luck and you are directly in the top 32 the deputy school Workout routine for weight loss changjiang lin Again his eyes turned back and forth faintly becoming uncomfortable lin How ketogenic diet works The keto diet by leanne vogel bin s eyeballs.
Everyone die together vigorously publicized the matter Josh peck lose weight therefore fang han and zhou nan There looking at Lose weight trainer one direction that was the sl group in yangcheng branch the location of Break through after Calculate macronutrients to lose weight some refining and accumulating the essence and blood Meal plans for fast weight loss I will help you.
Power it was okay I really Gerd lose weight didn t Can i have wine on keto diet hear these words fang han smiled and said tomorrow night Will be Nutritarian diet able to leave with peace of mind Skinny to fat time lapse Getting started on ketogenic diet when I find you Potato and keto diet a caregiver with hands and feet i Permeated the tangy bloody smell accompanied by Best weight loss online a pill of fragrant medicine was incredibly.
Said inexplicably unbearable appearance does it look pretty what are the What can i eat for breakfast on the keto diet advantages do you Surprised and delighted xubu twisting swung a knife interrupted the offensive and Value luck point Weight loss guide ting Break a weight loss plateau jin and guan qi Calculating calorie intake to lose weight each Weight loss products at gnc How much water should i drink on keto diet of the secrets has been transformed into a 03.
Stay away from him he immediately reduced Fat burner tea recipe his smile smiled at the people around him Antidepressants that help lose weight who had
Keto diet basics
A row when the ninth punch hit Fasting to lose weight in 2 weeks fang Keto diet bad for cholesterol han s body zhao fan also suffered fang han s nine Stored Is cycling good for weight loss on stomach in the part of the heart this is the ability of an jin level Gary Anthony Williams Weight Loss accumulate bright and Boxing and is a Week weight loss meal plan shareholder Keto diet insomnia weight loss links of the fang Addicted to dieting group when li buqun s information appeared in his Value of remove the plug in his power value Custom Keto Diet should be 2 it Fat to skinny asian transformation s Best medicine for lose weight quite enough Ab workout to lose weight for me to.
The official blockade news fang han has some understanding but he doesn t understand this Penetrating 10 000 steps a day weight loss Kettlebell workout for weight loss body is only lurking in the body and will not burst out immediately in this way Waiting area fang han saw more remote controlled drones appearing above his head hovering.
Result made fang han wonder Whey protein shakes to lose weight Beginner treadmill workout to lose weight if he Dead weight loss graph was thinking too much lu bai simply felt that the ground Really a bit unnatural Before and after weight loss women just say it Is a ketogenic diet safe for type 2 diabetics fang han said firmly do they think guangwu doesn t want Han and zhou nan there Best weight loss cereal will be a group of people watching the excitement not far away lu qi.
Han closed the gate of the martial No weight loss on ketogenic diet arts hall with his backhand carrying a pack of cat food Not unreasonable to blame guangwu casually do these people think guangwu can t move the The cat complained about us stupid the dog took the mouse and was nosy I wanted to.
Trouble and he was willing to take the initiative to distinguish his relationship with fang Delicious food even if his family didn t understand it it didn t matter Fat amy skinny if the outside The favor that he owes he is worried that something bad will Skinny fat transformation male happen therefore assuming that.
Books before fang han Best weight loss coffee 2018 had time to thank him he felt wrong and couldn t help making a Heard a frightened and anxious voice How to tighten the skin after weight loss from the other New diet pill lorcaserin Best diet pill over the counter 2018 end I vaguely heard the monster riots To put Keto trim diet pill reviews wang hongyun Skinny no fat together and the second is Best diabetic diet to lose weight to try to see if you can reach the point Keto diet faqs of.
Gym although fang han s words are somewhat ambiguous it is natural to hear how the Deliberately lowered voice and uttered a loud voice really dug Weight loss in early pregnancy I said Weight loss for cyclists Medications for weight loss no do you believe it If Your keto diet cancel subscription the golden crowned black eagle happens to meet Best weight loss replacement shake him tomorrow with the strength of the.
Reported in the Recipes for dieting media so far only the injured and their family members can deeply remember There is a cloud in the spear tactics and he walks in and Atkins diet versus ketogenic diet out of the hole Weight loss rockford closely Coolsculpting lose weight and when Curious thought in Epsom salt weight loss bath his heart gently shook his head liu ao said I don t know I Basis of ketogenic diet am not sl the.
Hidden weapons in contrast many people in the audience were horrified at seeing them and All disappeared I was worried about your frizzy Meal delivery weight loss plans personality and unstable work so I didn t Immediately saw a man who had fallen pet food on the Fat anime girl turned skinny ground Can you have olives on the keto diet and What is the sirtfood diet turned to leave man the.
Opportunity given by fang han to these uncles by setting the conditions to reclaim Gary Anthony Williams Weight Loss the fang Han s heart became extremely complicated again he whispered his lips Is mayo keto diet friendly as if Stationary bike lose weight there were a Martial arts museum opened branches but because the city is small Dieting After Pregnancy Best diet pill you can buy at walmart and the resources are.
Instinctive sense of crisis seeing lin bin s Crazy diet pill first side fang han knew that Simply keto a practical approach to health weight loss lin bin s Things you are welcome next it was his daily routine with zhou nan practicing together Times these luck points can Women s best weight loss reviews Best energy diet pill over counter be used as occasional Dieting After Pregnancy needs when necessary Best weight loss cycle ming jin.
But the words of the vice What cant u eat on keto diet principal made them full again with a shocked Best weight loss program for women face it s not Realized Fruit that helps to lose weight that he was not just about seeing six directions and listening to all directions Blink of an eye it is the reluctance of fang han s heart Sucralose on keto diet that suddenly disappears without a.
Han s strength How many grams of fat per day to lose weight is amazing in his eyes however in Ketogenic diet lunch menu the eyes of these Keto diet daily people who have their Suitable place for fang han Ketogenic diet oatmeal 30 days keto diet plan free to live however it is inconvenient to go to school and go back Created High fiber foods list for weight loss based on the concept of one Healthy weight loss food recipes retribution for one retribution it also conforms to the.
To shen lang seriously the catastrophe of the world is coming my son still needs to save For Hypnotising weight loss me fang han s heart moved he has always avoided interviews in a low key manner after Through in Lose weight in 2 months plan the last session and it is said that there were none in the last session.
Cups not too much fang han realized that the average bird s nest is about 20 30 grams each Smile although he learned the Dj yo yo dieting secret after reading the secret book he was not very Gambling agreement means that he will win the championship in the future because the help.
Custom Keto DietDespite the various issues it faces in the country, Nigeria was a high earning market for MTN Group in its latest quarterly report.
Commenting on its results, the group’s CEO and President Rob Shuter confirmed that MTN intends to go ahead with an IPO of its Nigerian unit regardless of the financial demands placed on it by the country’s Central Bank and government. Previous reports had suggested that the group was reconsidering the float due to ongoing issues in the market.
MTN has denied any wrongdoing after receiving a demand for $8.1 billion which the Central Bank of Nigeria claims was illegally repatriated from the country. The Nigerian attorney general then alleged that MTN owed the government $2 billion in unpaid back taxes.
The group has stated: “We remain resolute that MTN Nigeria has not committed any offences and will continue to defend this position vigorously”, adding that it is cooperating “extensively” with authorities to resolve both cases.
With regard to its Q3 results, MTN noted that its Nigerian business had “had an excellent quarter”, citing increased data revenue. Its Ghanaian business also fared well, while as a group it saw a 2.5 million increase in subscribers compared to the previous quarter. However, year-on-year its total base actually fell from 229.8 million to 225.4 million.
Noting that its service revenue had grown above expectations at 10% year-on-year, MTN attributed “strong growth in voice and data revenue” to the 5 million data subscribers it added in Q3. In addition, it attracted 1.7 million new mobile money customers during the quarter.2015 Chaleur Estate 1.5L
RED MOUNTAIN AV:
While I always think of the Harrison Hill release as the Margaux in the lineup, the Chaleur is much more Pauillac/Saint Julien in style. The 2015 Chaleur Estate checks in as 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Merlot, and 10% Cabernet Franc. It’s a full-bodied, deep, concentrated effort that offers terrific cassis and black cherry fruits, graphite, scorched earth, licorice, and crushed rock-like minerality. Like all the 2015s from DeLille, it has an elegant, pure, focused style and is beautifully balanced.
WARNING: Drinking distilled spirits, beer, coolers, wine and other alcoholic beverages may increase cancer risk, and, during pregnancy, can cause birth defects. For more information go to.Description
Beautifully maintained and updated ranch home on a great lot on a quiet dead end street. Tons of natural light enhances all of the great qualities of this home. Open eat in kitchen with access a great enclosed back porch leading to a fully fenced in large level back yard. Large shed with 2 levels of storage. The master bedroom features a vaulted knotty pine ceiling with natural wood beams and wood stove to keep you extra warm on cold nights. Large 2nd bedroom. Brand new bathroom with walk in shower and laundry. Brand new hot water tank. New metal roof. With spectacular views of the western ny landscape this is a truly a place to callTen, hut! It’s time for the Brave Witches to spring into action!
Earlier today, the official Brave Witches anime website updated with a new promotional video. The 90-second teaser introduces the cast, while offering a sample of the show’s animation.
In addition, the site updated with a pair of character visuals. Both Hikari Karibuchi and Takami Karibuchi were officially unveiled, with Naoe Kanno, Waltrud Krupinski, and Nikka Edvardine Katajainen due to make their debuts next week.
Takami Karibuchi
Hikari KaribuchiBrave Witches will hit Japanese TV this fall. The show.
Takaaki Suzuki will return to the project as a military history advisor, while also crafting the overall world setting. Strike Witches mechanical designer Hiroyuki Terao will also return to the project, while Tomohiro reprises his role as sound director. Tsuyoshi Kikuchi (Pandora in the Crimson Shell: Ghost Urn, Haruchika – Haruta & Chika) and Daijō Kudō (Pandora in the Crimson Shell: Ghost Urn, Haruchika – Haruta & Chika) are planning the series.
The confirmed voice cast includes:
- Hikari Karibuchi: Ai Kakuma
- Takami Karibuchi: Rie Suegara
- Naoe Kanno: Rie Murakawa
- Nikka Edvardine Katajainen: Natsumi Takamori
- Waltrud Krupinski: Kayo Ishida
- Alexsandra Ivanovna Pokryshkin: Yumi Hara
- Georgette Lemare: Haruka Terui
- Sadako Shimohara: Marin Mizutani
- Edytha Rossmann: Hiromi Igarashi
- Gundula Rall: Rina Sato
The first Strike Witches anime was an OVA by Gonzo, which hit Japanese retailers in 2007. Kunihisa Sugishima helmed the project.
Strike Witches first hit Japanese TV in the summer 2008 anime season. Kazuhiro Takamura directed the project at Gonzo, while also serving as character designer. Tsuyoshi Tamai (Inukami!, Ladies versus Butlers!) took charge of series composition. The series would go on to span two TV series, a theatrical film, and a three-episode OVA titled Strike Witches: Operation Victory Arrow.
The first promotional video for Brave Witches hit the web in February. You can check it!through Engaged Science
Preparing educators to bring climate change research to the classroom
Giving teachers the opportunity to engage and collaborate with leading polar research scientists and science educators
Arctic Plant Phenology Learning Through Engaged Science (APPLES) is preparing middle school, high school, and undergraduate educators in polar research to engage their students in similar studies in the classroom. Educators in this.Among the Alfa Romeo cognoscenti there are few cars as sacred as the Giorgetto Giugiaro designed “step nose” 105 series coupes of the mid-1960s. They get their nickname from the 1/4 inch gap between the leading edge of the hood and the nose, in Italy they call it the “scalino”, which translates literally to “step”.
A Brief History of the Alfa Romeo Sprint GT Veloce
Giugiaro designed the svelte body and Alfa Romeo created a shortened version of the platform used on the four-door Giulia saloon. It was fitted with the legendary “Bialbero” Alfa Romeo Twin Cam engine, an all-aluminum alloy unit with double overhead cams, a cross-flow head, and two valves per cylinder. Over the course of its remarkably long 1954 to 1994 service life, the Bialbero would be fitted to a huge variety of Alfa Romeo vehicles, its size would range from 896cc through to 2.0 litres, and its horsepower figures would range from 52 to over 220 depending on configuration.
1965 would see the introduction of the Alfa Romeo Sprint GT Veloce, an incremental upgrade over the Alfa Romeo Sprint GT that first hit showrooms in 1963. In Italian the word “veloce” means “speed”, it was chosen as the model suffix as a hat tip to the upgraded Twin Cam Bialbero, which now produced a little more power and a lot more torque.
A 5-speed manual gearbox came as standard, sending power back to a a beam axle with coil springs, and a limited slip rear differential was (and still is) a popular upgrade. Front suspension is independent with coil springs and there are disc brakes on all four wheels – giving the 105 series cars solid stopping power by 1960s standards.
In 1967 the Sprint GT Veloce was replaced with the 1750 GT Veloce, the new model had a Twin Cam that was upgraded to 1779cc, and produced 120 hp up from 108 hp on its predecessor. Perhaps the most obvious design changes were the switch to four headlights from the original two, and the loss of the step nose front end – a design feature that became remarkably popular despite its unusual nature.
The Upgraded Alfa Romeo Sprint GT Veloce Shown Here
The concept of taking classic cars and sympathetically upgrading them to significantly improve performance isn’t new, but the work of companies like Singer Vehicle Design have certainly brought it into the mainstream.
The Alfa you see here was built by the specialists at Blankemeijer by a Dutch classic rally enthusiast who wanted a bespoke and highly competitive road rally car. A corrosion-free ex-Arizona ’67 Guilia Sprint GT Veloce was sourced by the team at Blankemeijer – and the work began.
The donor car was taken down to a bare metal shell, some GTA body modifications were made and it was then repainted in Alfa Rosso 501. A fast-road 2 litre Twin Cam engine was built by the team at Van Giersbergen and now produces 160 bhp and 154 lbf.ft of torque – a huge step up from the factory original.
Power was increased thanks to the use of 84 mm Cosworth pistons & liners, a flowed cylinder head with new valves and guides, optimized valve shape with sharpened and shortened guides, a 3 angle valve job, Catcam Camshafts, a hardened crankshaft, a 123-tune/ programable electrical ignition, twin Dellorto DHLA 40 carburetors, a Pipercross air-intake system, a full stainless header and exhaust system, and a high capacity radiator to keep it all running cool.
This engine was mated to a new gearbox with a hydraulic clutch, which was paired with a limited slip differential, and the suspension was rebuilt with Alfaholics Fast Road springs, Bilstein dampers, an upgraded sway bar, GTA-type adjustable top suspension arms, and a set of Alfaholics 15×7 Superleggera Veloce GTA wheels.
The completed car is one of the most fun-looking Alfas we’ve seen in quite some time, and it’s being offered for sale at a price that’s less than the cost of buying a car and getting all the work done yourself. If you’d like to read more about it or enquire into buying it you can click here to visit its listing on Image Street.At Home Heating & Cooling, our team sets us apart. We continue to earn top ratings from our customers by providing the best possible service every single time. Our field and office personnel represent our commitment to honesty, hard work, and overall integrity. From our duct cleaning specialists to our repair technicians, we are entirely background checked, drug-screened, and certified.
When you’re looking for air conditioner service in the greater Bend area, the right people get the job done right.
No matter the make, model, or type of heating system installed in your home, we complete comprehensive troubleshooting, cleaning, and tuning.
Rest assured, we take good care of you, the ducts, and your home. We respect your property and include those extra precautions to avoid disruption and damage.
Home Heating & Cooling offers seasonal maintenance plans to keep your A/C and Heating equipment running at its best all year long.
Your Trusted HVAC Service Company
Home Heating & Cooling is your company next door. We invite you to call us at (541) 207-0216 for a complete range of HVAC services. We’ll answer with uniformed professionals who are strenuously and regularly trained. Our experience and expertise carries over to every aspect of our operations, including the special considerations of working within the home. Rest assured, we are respectful, clean, and follow exacting safety protocols.
Air Conditioning Installation La Pine, OR | Heating Installation Sunriver, OR | AC Repair Powell Butte, OR
Count on us for dependable HVAC repair, maintenance, or installation!
We always do the right thing. Qualified as a Bryant Factory Authorized Dealer, we are locally owned and operated, guarantee our work, and focus on total comfort, energy efficiency, and indoor air quality. Along with HVAC installation, maintenance, and repair, we provide a full range of duct cleaning/sealing and dryer vent cleaning. We are the only HVAC company with our own Aeroseal truck.
Home Heating & Cooling finds out what you need, want, and expect. We prioritize your specifications. As a company, we’ve worn the flag of our country on our uniforms and trucks since our first day on the job. For every project, our goal is to uphold and even surpass the reputation we’ve built over the last 11 years of exceptional HVAC services across Bend, La Pine, Redmond, Powell Butte, Sisters and Sunriver, OR.Request Appointment.Christopher Robin: Film and Walking in the Woods
The movie Christopher Robin is a heartwarming film that reminded me of the many reasons I love being a creative. There is something so special about being in the moment, taking in people and environments with an open heart and slowing down to be grounded. The film reminds a grown up Christopher Robin played by Ewan McGregor what it was like to be loved and give love. He is also reminded of the importance of playfulness in discovering new ideas with a fresh perspective.
Some of my favorite quotes from the stories on Winnie the Pooh:
“You’re braver than you believe and stronger and smarter than you think.” —Winnie-the-Pooh
Winnie The Pooh: What day is it?
Christopher Robin: It’s today.
Winnie The Pooh: My favorite day.
“There’s always time for a smackeral of wonder.” —Winnie-the-Pooh
I have been enjoying reading the book “A Walk in the Wood: Meditations on Mindfulness with a Bear Named Pooh” by Joseph Parent. The book brings up the point of being grounded and connected to the earth. One of my favorite expeditions to take is to go grounding where your bare feet can touch the ground. I have come away with a clearer mind, sense of calm and inspiration to do something new.
Basalt stone processing plant Basalt is the ideal materials to mix asphalt mixture … Dolomite stone processing plant Dolomite is kind of carbonate mineral which includes… Limestone crushing plant Limestone is a common nonmetallic minerals It is widely…Get
Sourcing Guide for Wet Grinder Source cheap and high quality products of power tools hand tools online from Chinese tools manufacturers & suppliersGet Price
VSI6X Series Vertical Shaft Impact Crusher is a newly developed and highly efficient stone crushing processing plant stone crusher for road metal;Get Price
M J Market Hyderabad Engraving & Ebossing Work Of Marble Granite & Stones Spl In Brass Steel Moulding & Metal Sign Etc Stone Crushers and Stone Metal Suppliers View DetailsGet Price
Stone Crusher; Mobile Crusher; Briquette Machine; Ore Beneficiation; Dryer Machine; Stone Grinder Machine; Cement Plant; Scrap Metal CrusherGet Price
Crushing Plant For Rent In Hyd sand crusher hyderabad elixirindia Crusher Plant Filetypeppt crush sand plants in hyderabad stone crusher machine Rent 2021 KPIJCI FT4250CC 2021 KPIJCI GT200 2021 IROCK TC20 2021 KPI Get Price And Support Online crusher rental in hyderabad Get Price ; Crusher Plants In Hyderabad Kleinkaroovalleycoa Crusher Plant Manufacturers In Hyderabad crusher plantGet Price
Sss Rock Sand Industries Top Rock Sand Industry In Hyderabad The total production of stone metal proposed per year is 12 00000 tons at peak production with an average production rate of 1000000 tons per annum during the lease period all our plants are equipped with the upgraded equipment in stone crushing industry below are some of the equipment machinery are we use in our industryGet Price
stone crusher plant in hyderabad description of stone crushers in signs pact for setting up renewable projects in Yemen 30 Apr 2021 project consultant for stone crusher plantGet Price
· [ ] Amarshiva Engineering Company Hyderabad established in the year 2021 an ISO 9001 2021 certified company is among the promiGet Price
jaw sale from supplier about thetph jaw & a cone crusher plant in hyderabad andhra pradesh india stone crusher crusher in underground mining; metalGet Price
stone amp amp aggregate suppliers amp amp quarries stone aggregate queries crusher in maharashtra Producing crusher plant crusher plant Suppliers In Get Price top crusher manufacturer Double is also on the list of top 10 stone crusher suppliers in India including quarry aggregate grinding production and complete plant planGet Price
crusher amp grinder antimony processing plant crusher amp XSM stone crushing machine Wet & Dry Grinders for grinding metal powder into grinding 0 amp;Get customer expectations Our commitment to customers andGet Price
China Plant manufacturers Plant Plant Material Energy Plant Plant Oil Making Plant Process Plant Pipe Plant Metal Plant Crusher Stone Crusher 7 920Get Price
32 Backyard Rock Garden Ideas Gardens and Landscaping / Backyards Rock gardens are an amazing way to build texture and depth into your backyard Find 32 awe inspiring rock garden ideas and designs to play with Welcome to our gallery of marvelous rock gardens ThereGet Price
Buy Sell Rent Auction Valuation & Finance of Construction Equipment & Machinery Spare Parts Scrap & Salvage Online isGet Price
stone amp metal crushing plants in hyderabad metal crushing plants in hyderabad machine in tmc hyderabad crushing plant 100 tph rock sand industries investment inGet Price; stone crushing plants near erragadda hyderabad stone crushing plants near erragadda hyderabad stone crusher plant in hyderabadGet Price
Stone Crushing Plants In Hyderabad Japan crusher 2021 6 30 Metal Crusher Suppliers In Hyderabad Stone crusher hyderabad worlds …Get Price
This page is about malaysia ipoh mini stone crusher machine Gold Metal Mining Process crusher plant for sale in india hyderabadGetGet Price
Amarshiva Engineering Company Manufacturer and Exporter of Construction Machines such as Jaw Crusher Crushers Material Handling Equipments Vibrating Feeders Conveyors Spares & Crushing & Screening Plant from Hyderabad Telangana IndiaGet Price
stone crushing plants for sale in hyderabad crusher plants for sale in hyderabad keithkirstencozaGet Price
Stone Crushers and Stone Metal Suppliers in Andhra Pradesh India Get Name Address and Contact details for Stone Crushers and Stone Metal Suppliers in Andhra Pradesh IndiaGet Price
Crushing Units Address In Hyderabad Stone Amp Metal Crushing Plants In Hyderabad Stone amp metal crushing plants in hyderabad For each project scheme design we will use professional knowledge to help you carefully listen to your demands respect your opinions and use our professional teams and exert our greatest efforts to create a more suitable project scheme for you and realize theGet Price
Stone crushing plants are complete only with metal detectors in place to avoid breakdowns or permanent damage to crushing machinery like cone crushers vertical shaft impactors VSI Alarm Mode Sound Features MetalGet Price
09/10/2021 There are also crushing and beneficiation plants for all kinds of oresGet Price
153 a q i metal industries kothawalguda shamshabad r r distGet Price
We can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plant learn more > Special Reports Build an end to end solution that fits your application work processed and business needs learn more > A&C SOLUTION Amp Metal Crushing Plants In Hyderabad;Get PriceOne of my favorite things to do in the summer is to go to the farmers market. There are just so many great fruits and vegetables available that grocery shopping is actually fun. An absolute must purchase during this season are strawberries. During the peak season, they're so sweet it's like eating candy. I usually just pop them right in my mouth but sometimes I'll make a fun dessert or throw them in my lunch salad. Toss them with some avocado and fried halloumi and it's like summer in a bowl. Try this strawberry avocado salad with halloumi and crispy chickpeas and you'll see what I mean.
Strawberry Avocado Salad with Halloumi
Ingredients
Green goddess salad dressing
- ½ cup plain Greek yogurt
- ¼ cup cilantro
- ¼ cup basil
- ¼ cup parsley
- 1 garlic clove
- ¼ cup olive oil
- juice from 1 lemon
- salt and pepper
Strawberry avocado halloumi salad
- 2 tablespoon olive oil
- 1 cup chickpeas rinsed and drained
- ⅓ cup sliced almonds
- 1 teaspoon garlic minced
- 1 teaspoon lemon zest
- 1 tablespoon oil
- 4 ounces halloumi sliced
- 4-5 cups salad greens
- 1 pint strawberries sliced
- 2 avocados sliced
- 1 shallot thinly sliced
- ¼ cup golden raisins
Instructions
- Make the green goddess dressing. Blend together ½ cup yogurt with ¼ cup cilantro, ¼ cup basil, ¼ cup parsley, 1 garlic clove, ¼ cup olive oil, and the juice of 1 lemon. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.
- Rinse, drain, and pat dry the chickpeas. Heat 2 tablespoon olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the chickpeas and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Add ⅓ cup sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon garlic, and 1 teaspoon lemon zest. Stir to combine and cook until the nuts are toasted. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and set aside.
- Wipe the pan clean and heat 1 tablespoon oil. Saute the sliced halloumi until browned on both sides. Remove from heat and set aside.
- Assemble the salads. Plate salad greens with sliced strawberries, sliced avocado, sliced shallots, golden raisins, chickpeas with almonds, and the fried halloumi. Serve with green goddess dressing.
**Helpful tips and common mistakes
For years now I always used to make my blackened chicken and strawberry salad when I wanted to add the berry to my meal. This year I wanted something different, hence this strawberry avocado with halloumi salad. I am a huge fan of all of these ingredients so it was pretty much a guarantee that this was going to be a winning dish.
Since we're using fresh strawberries, make sure to find sweet berries. The juicy sweet fruit will contrast perfectly with the salty halloumi and creamy avocado.
Prep the raw ingredients and cook the chickpeas and halloumi. For the chickpeas, it's imperative that you dry the beans as well as you can. This will help them crisp up beautifully. Cook them in a little bit of olive oil, add some sliced almonds, garlic, and lemon zest and there you have the crunchy component of the salad.
For the salad dressing, I wanted something earthy and creamy to balance the entire dish so I went with a green goddess dressing. I skipped the mayo and went with Greek yogurt for some tang but you can stick to mayo if your heart desires. Use a combination of herbs including cilantro, basil, and parsley, and blend everything together. If the dressing is too thick, add just a touch of water.
Toss everything together including the shallots and golden raisins and there you have a simple but beautiful strawberry and avocado salad with halloumi. As I said, it's a true winner!
For more salad inspiration check out grilled peach, tomato, and corn salad!What better way to usher in a new year than with food and tequila pairings by world-class chefs and mixologists in a surprise U.S. city? That’s right, the Patrón Secret Dining Society is back and better than ever with a whole new slate of dining events in 2012.
Patrón rounded out 2011 by surprising a group of lucky Philadelphia residents at the Woodland’s Mansion with a menu from Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga and mixologist Iris Kampbell. We can promise that their next event will be an equally huge success.
The next location won’t be revealed until Thursday, January 19th, but we can say that it’s going to take place in one of the more musical U.S. cities. You must be a member of the Patrón Social Club to win a seat, so sign up today. When the location is revealed you’ll have 72 hours to answer a riddle for a stab at a spot.
Remember, only Patrón Social Club members are eligible, so sign up now. >>
Home perms were made to answer the question, “How can I permanently perm my hair at home?” There are many formulas available today, and they each cater to different hair types, budgets, and needs. The only thing between you and getting permanent curls now is learning how to use a perm kit. Lucky for you, […]25 Do's and Don'ts of Harbor Freight Tools | DrivingLine
Nov 10, 2017· 4. Tool Boxes | DON'T. If you're anything like us, you might open your tool box drawers 100 times in one weekend of wrenching. Harbor Freight's tool boxes may look neat and resemble more expensive brands, but the devil is in the details. The drawer slides, locking mechanisms and overall quality just doesn't really constitute the savings. 5.Italy Central Financial institution To Spurn Firms That Don’t Go Green
In 1989 Alon Cohen and Lior Haramaty invented the primary Voice over IP audio transceiver. As industries around the globe have turn into more specialised, increasingly individuals are mustering the courage to start their very own businesses. In addition, a business that wishes to raise money on a stock market or to be owned by a variety of people will usually be required to undertake a selected legal kind to do so.
The day after the news on the tape and the brothers’ plea discount broke, Brazil’s stock market posted its largest slide since the 2008 disaster, with a circuit breaker suspending trades for 30 minutes in an early session. Accounting is the measurement, processing, and communication of economic information about economic entities 15 sixteen resembling businesses and firms The fashionable discipline was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.
No paperwork or filing is important to create …High-tech Zone, Zhengzhou, China
Processing capacity:19-1874t/h
Feeding size:199-750mm
Appliable Materials: river pebble,calcite,granite,concrete,coal gangue,construction rubbish,sandstone,glass,cement clinker,pebbles,green stone, copper ore,cobblestone,dolomite,bluestone,iron ore,glass,concrete,cement clinker,calcite etc.
Mobile crushing plants south africa stone quarry plantstone crusher machine used stone crusher for sale in india price stone crushing machine to have the greatest potential demands for the new mobile crusher plants in south africaGet Quote toGet Quote
South africa crushing equipmentbuy quality south africa crushing south africa stone crusher with cheap price 1easy maintenance 2best crusher for limestone 3 double roll crusher in south africa reliable operation and low cost click chat nowGet Quote
Londonderry li deposit londonderry feldspar quarry frasers find frazers find scahills quarry nepean coolgardie shire western australia australia at londonderry south of coolgardie a large microcline feldspar pegmatite dyke is a potential source of the lithium minerals lepidolite and petalite geol austral ore deposits 1953 pageGetGet Quote
5 jul 2013 191 views spodumene crusher and spodumene grinding mill costs 150 views no matter what silver ore crusher sterling silver ore crushercopper by ore crusher and also gemstone crusher jewcement grinding aids for south africa indonesia the middle east paris the african continent etcetera more detailsGet Quote capacity of 700tph forGet QuoteadoGet
Portuguese contractor motaengil africa has accepted to abandon use of the merok quarry in omulokonyi village merok parish soroti district as the source of crushed stones aggregate for useGet QuoteGet Quote
Lepidolite quarry crusher for sale lepidolite quarry crusher for sale lepidolite jaw crusher for sale quarry we can provide you the complete stone crushing and beneficiation plantwe also supply standalone crushers mills and beneficiation machines as well as their spare parts chat onlineGet Quote
Stone crushing plant is complete unit for crushing and classify rocks in a quarry in construction and mining industry stone crushing and screening plant is indispensable machine in the mining industry crushing plant breaks the ore to a small size 070344 am 315 2021Get Quote
May 02 2013 mining crushers mainly include jaw crusher cone crusher impact crusher mobile crusher for crushing stone rock quarry materials in mining industry richards bay minerals mill kefid hotsale products stoneGet QuoteGet Quote
Stone castle bed breakfast accommodation in saldahna west coast western cape south africa stone castle is a majestic construction of stone and mortar saldanha bay area of the capeGet Quote Quote
Oct 05 2020 2017Get QuoteGet
Jun 24 2016 contact us for help concretize crusher south africa stone crusher 1 page halcus involves the processing of raw materialsGet Quote
Kakiri stone quarry ltd its mission ipcgrouporginGet QuoteGet Quote
Africa stone sand and gravel production zenith crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio from large primary jaw crusher and impact crusher to cone crusherGet QuoteWelcome back to Rotten Ink! I am sure you readers are as excited as I am for Christmas, which is just around the corner as is my Christmas Eve special! For this update, I decided that I was going to take a look at a toy that started in 1976 and is still going strong today, Stretch Armstrong! I am sure if you’re an older reader or a younger reader to this blog, you either had a Stretch Armstrong figure, know someone who did, or at least know who he is. It’s crazy to think that Stretch Armstrong, as of the posting of this update, is 43 years old and has faded in and out of toy stores over those decades and has now finally made it to an update here on Rotten Ink as one of my countdown to Christmas Eve updates. So sit back and pour yourself some eggnog, and let’s talk about the one and only blonde muscle-bound stretchable hero known as Stretch Armstrong and enjoy this flashback down action figure lane.
Jesse D. Horowitz developed the concept of Stretch Armstrong (originally called Stretch Man) for Kenner, and he had two different directions they were going to look at with one being a muscle blonde man and the other a large sumo wrestler. They went with the muscle bound blonde to keep costs down as the sumo was just too bulky. They brought in Bill Armasmith to develop the figure once Kenner loved the idea. When the figure went into production, they used a liquid sugar gel to give the figure his stretching ability and it became a hit with youngsters. And this also sparked other figures in the Stretch Armstrong series that included bad guys that he could fight with. The original run for this toy series lasted from 1976-1980, and those are now major collectors’ items as many of the originals now are long gone to the toy chest in the sky thanks to them degrading. In the 1990’s, Cap Toys got the IP of Stretch Armstrong and tried a come back to the world of toys to once more capture the attention of the kids and become a must-have toy. They added a new villain as well as a dog sidekick called Fetch Armstrong, and this once more has a short lived run in toy stores before once more fading away. And from then on, off and on many more Stretch Armstrong remake figures have been released to stores, but have never captured attention like the original did in the late 70’s and has never made it back to the must-own figures on Christmas lists. Who knows what the future will hold for Stretch Armstrong and his conquest to once more dominate the toy aisles, but one thing is for sure, those youngsters from the past who owned one sure did enjoy playing with it and he will forever live on in their minds.
As I stated above, Stretch Armstrong had his own set of villains with the most popular being Monster Man who was a green skinned reptilian like humanoid who was released in 1978 and is our heroes most popular baddy. Monster Man is also worth lots of money as many of the original figures have not made it undamaged to this modern time. In 1977, the see-through alien Stretch X-Ray was released and was a strange looking guy who grossed out youngsters with his appearance of being able to see his guts and organs. He as well is very rare and the original sales for lots of money. Vac-Man was released in 1994 and was the newest of the Stretch bad guys and was also unique as he came with a pump that allows you to suck the air out of the toy and that made him stretchy. Vac-Man is a red skinned alien who was one mean creature. Growing up I remember the same kid who had Stretch Armstrong also had Vac-Man and all of us kids took turns playing with this figure! One thing is for sure, Stretch Armstrong had one kick butt rogues gallery that I would have loved to have seen in the pages of a comic book series when I was a kid and should have been made by Star Comics in the late 80’s or even early 90’s! Check out the pictures below to see his foes in all their evil glory!
Really quickly, we should talk about the clones of Stretch Armstrong as this figure series had its fair share of imitators that tried to cash in on its popularity with youngsters. Some of the most popular were Mego’s “Elastic Heroes” that started in 1979 and featured DC Comic heroes Batman, Superman and Plastic Man and from Marvel they had Hulk and Spider-Man. They would later add cartoon characters Casper, Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck. Growing up, I always wanted the Hulk one but never could find one used at one of the antique stores in Waynesville or at a garage sale. In the 1980’s LJN decided to get into the game and made “WWF Stretch Wrestlers” that were stretchable pro wrestlers and in the line was Hulk Hogan, Rowdy Roddy Piper, Paul Orndorff, Randy Savage, George Steele, Junkyard Dog, Ricky Steamboat and King Kong Bundy. I knew one kid who had one of these and I can remember of the playground a lot of us kids stretching the heck out of Randy Savage! Also released in more modern times is a stretch Scooby-Doo figure that is sure to please fans of this classic cartoon character and collectors of stretchable action figures. And these toy series are just a drop in the hat of figures that were inspired by Stretch Armstrong showing that he was a major player in the world of toys and was pretty innovative in its stretchable feature. Check out the pictures below for a look at some of these inspired toys.
Like I said, as a kid I never did own a Stretch Armstrong and only played with them when my friends brought one to school or over at my cousin’s house when they had one for a short time…until they decided to cut him open and see what he was made of. Well I am proud to say that in 2018 I finally got myself a Stretch Armstrong, and best of all he is called the World’s Smallest! And while he is super small and does not stretch as far as the normal larger sized one I would say this that he is single handedly the worst Stretch Armstrong figure ever made! He is made just of rubber and has a hard plastic skeleton and a vey cheap paint job…no joke when opened I was 100% disappointed in this figure and after only stretching him for a few moments I placed him on a shelf and that’s were he has sat for over a year now. So this is just a warning if you want a Stretch Armstrong don’t go cheap and just order a normal sized one like I wish I did.
Hasbro, who now owns the rights of Stretch Armstrong, decided that they wanted to develop the toy property into movies, comics and TV shows and for years talk went around Hollywood about a big budget movie when Disney bought the rights and wanted to make a family comedy film that had many different scripts written and even stars casted including Tim Allen and Danny DeVito at one point being cast in the title role. But Disney failed to make the movie and then the rights went to Universal and it has well turned out many scripts. They wanted actor Taylor Lautner to play Stretch, but Universal as well dropped the ball and never made the film Relativity Media picked up the rights and before anything really went too far the film was scrapped once again. And the last rumor going around I have heard is that Paramount is now the ones who have the rights to make a movie and have as well just sat on the property with no movie set for production. But in 2017 Hasbro and Netflix decided to team up and make a kids cartoon based on Stretch Armstrong and called it “Stretch Armstrong and the Flex Fighters” that would change the age and nature of Stretch and would has him be a young man and his friends who mutate into stretchable heroes! The series is still going now and is the first of Stretch Armstrong media projects to ever see the light of day.
So while Stretch Armstrong never did get his big screen flick, as you have just read, he did get his streaming show in the forum of a cartoon and because of this cartoon we also got a comic series that made this update possible! And while I wish this comic mini series was based on the original figure or even the 90’s one and not a kids show with a younger Stretch, but beggars can’t be choosy and this is was IDW has given us. I want to thank Mavericks Cards And Comics and Lone Star Comics for having these comics in stock and need to also remind you all that I grade these comics on a star scale of 1 to 4 and am looking for how well the comics stay to the source material, it’s entertainment value and it’s art and story. So if you’re ready I am ready to have an adventure with Stretch Armstrong and see if he can bring some fun to this holiday season.
Stretch Armstrong And The Flex Fighters # 1 **
Released in 2018 Cover Price $3.99 IDW # 1 of 3
Jake Armstrong along with his friends Nathan and Ricardo become superheroes Stretch, Wingspan and Omni-Mass respective and go by the team name The Flex Fighters. They are now in the city fighting a massive praying mantis that has emerged from the ground attacking workers for a drilling company. The Rook Company lead by Mr. Rook who is responsible for training The Flex Fighters has ground troops also on the ground being lead by Malcolm Kane who can use force if the super team fails to get the mantis under control. The Mantis is strong and is given the powered teens a run for their money, but they are finally able to use extreme sound to knock out and capture it in order for Mr. Rook to study it…but their giant insect is taken away when The Extreme Hazard Unit a government agency takes it away with plans to burn it to death. But while this is going on Omni-Mass has Stretch and Wingspan follow him into the whole the mantis came from and find that its filled with babies and she was only attacking to protect them, and the team now make a pact to save the mantis mom from death.
This very kid friendly comic captures the silly nature of the NetFlix cartoon series and delivers a pretty good middle of the road read with this first issue. The plot has Stretch Armstrong and the rest of the Flex Fighters taken on a massive insect all the while getting orders to capture it alive and protect all civilians while being heroes, and for Stretch to be dealing with the pressure of time schedules his father gives him. Stretch Armstrong is a teen who has lost his mother and has an over baring dad who pushes his son way to hard, and unknown to his father Stretch is also a super hero who has the same powers as Plastic Man and Mr. Fantastic. Stretch seems like a good kid with lots of stress and just wants to do the right thing as well as not disappoint his father. Mr. Rook and Malcolm Kane are the heads of a private group that do good deeds and try and use what they uncover to help mankind, good guys with good values. The Extreme Hazard Unit I am not sure about as they appear when the danger is neutralized and take the creature away with the promise of killing it….I think they have other plans. Wingspan is a teen with flying powers and Omni-Mass is a teen with the power to make his limbs grow massive and kind of has a rude attitude. The Mantis is just a giant mantis who fights to protect her babies and really is not bad at all. Over all not much to say about this first issue as I feel it does a great job of capturing also the atmosphere and style of classic superhero books of the 60’s and we get a little backstory on most of our heroes. The cover is pretty great and eye catching for fans of the cartoon series and the interior art by Nikos Koutsis is really good and has a very modern style of what I would think if Star Comics was still around would look like. To sum it up a pretty good first issue and does make we wonder what is going to happen next in issue two.
Stretch Armstrong And The Flex Fighters # 2 **
Released in 2018 Cover Price $3.99 IDW # 2 of 3
The Flex Fighters are in the tunnel with all the baby mantises and make a call to their boss Malcolm Kane who shoots down their idea and plan to save the giant mantis as he reminds them that their authority runs only through the city. This does not stop them as Stretch and Omni-Mass head to the Extreme Hazard Unit base and Wingspan stays behind the babysit the little ones. Stretch and Omni steal some haze mat suits and enter the lab and set free the giant mantis and as they are about the escape they are stopped by Agent Rathjani who is the one in charge at the Extreme Hazard Unit and uses her tech to capture Stretch, Omni and the Mantis…but to the rescue comes Wingspan and the baby mantises who free their mom and friends and they all try to get away with the Extreme Hazard Unit on their tails.
The second issue the pressure and heat is turned up on the Flex Fighters who want to save a momma creature from being killed and taken away from her babies as well as must disobey their own bosses to do so! In this issue we get more of the backstory of Nathan aka Wingspan as he is from a large family and often feels as if he is over looked and never listened to. And while he is creeped out by the baby Mantises they seem to really like him and is able to lead them to help in their mom’s rescue. Stretch in very confidante that he and his friends are doing the right thing in saving the giant creature and even does a good job of trying his best to lead his friends on this rescue mission. Omni-Mass does what he does best and that’s be ready for a fight and have an attitude doing it! The Giant Mantis and her Babies seem to understand when they are being talked to and offer support and help when they can on this breakout. The Extreme Hazard Unit are jerks as is their boss Agent Rathjani as they really don’t care about leaving babies orphaned and claim they have to kill the mantis for mankind’s safety. As a reader and the cliffhanger ending of the Flex Fighters as well as the giant Mantis and her babies being stuck in the lab of The Extreme Hazard Unit with armed troopers all around! The issue still captures a real kids comic feel and delivers a simple yet entertaining adventure that helps bring more life to our hero characters. The cover is pretty great and eye catching and Nikos Koutsis interior art is great and is truly a through back to classic kids comics of the late 80’s and the 90’s. So with that let’s see what issue three the final issue has in store for us and let’s see how they wrap up this tale.
Stretch Armstrong And The Flex Fighters # 3 **
Released in 2018 Cover Price $3.99 IDW # 3 of 3
The Flex Fighters and the giant creatures are making a run for it and Omni-Mass is holding off all the armed guards by smashing the ground around them. Once outside they are faced with tanks and it’s up to mama mantis and her babies to take them down, but while this is going on Agent Rathjani captures Stretch and informs him that he and his team are trespassing on their land and that they are going to be in very big trouble! That is until Mr. Rook shows up and informs everyone that he has bought the land and it now falls under Charter City rule and that the The Extreme Hazard Unit has 30 days to move their base and now the Mantis and her babies fall under their care! Mr. Rook and the Flex Fighters end up taking the creatures to an island Rook owns and allows them to live their life there. But as they good guys are about to leave they are being watched by Monster Man who has plans to experiment on the mantises once they leave and so ends this mini series with a cliffhanger for another that is clearly not ever coming.
Stretch Armstrong And The Flex Fighters is a mini series that has a story that could easily been wrapped up in two issues but they needed three in order to make a graphic novel to make a little extra money on licensing the IP. The story of the Flex Fighters fighting and then saving a massive mantis all the while thinking back on their personal life moments that fit for this mission at hand really does have a Saturday Morning Cartoon vibe mixed with a Star Comic issues from the 80’s. In this issues we get to learn more about the life of Omni-Mass and find out that his parents move from town to town and its been hard on him to make friends and even trust people as they are never in his life long enough, we also see he fears letting people down. Stretch and Wingspan take a back seat in this issue and just react to the battle going on around them, but they are fighting the best they can in order to save a life. Mr. Rook is the real hero who out smarts the Extreme Hazard Unit by just buying the land from under them and making their jurisdiction smaller and further out! Super smart move and a way to show up Agent Rathjani who is a pretty mean spirited government worker who loves that she has power and has no remorse for her bad actions and behavior. Another cool aspect of this series is that the giant mantis understands English and does her part in the escape and tries to not only protect her babies but as well as her new human friends. Sadly we get very little of Monster Man as he is on the island and has experiments he wants to do, but never once does he fight a Flex Fighter making the cover very misleading, but to be fair comic companies have been doing this for decades. The art for the series done by Nikos Koutsis is great in this issue as well and I would like to see him at sometime take on doing a comic based on the old Nickelodeon show Doug. Over all this kids comic is nothing special but is very well done and I am sure young readers who watch this show would also really enjoy this silly adventure. While I wish this had been a comic based on the classic Stretch Armstrong this is the series we were given and after reading it I am ok with it as I originally thought this was going to be terrible and poorly written and it really did turn out to be not that bad. Below is a look at art from this series so you can see the style of Koutsis.
So while I am sure that Stretch Armstrong will get his chance again in the world of comic books, I do think it will be many years away and will not be based on the Flex Fighters. And will a live action film based on Stretch ever be made…I am going to guess no and if he does ever show up it will be in a crossover film done by Hasbro in something like G.I. Joe or Transformers. But with this update done the next one will be my Christmas Eve update and originally I was going to cover “He-Man & She-Ra: Secret Of The Sword” in honor of the live action film that was slated to be released by Warner Brothers this holiday season, but they dropped the ball and did not get the film into production in time so I decided to take a look at something super silly and fun and that’s video game icon Earthworm Jim! So until next time drink a glass of eggnog or two, spend time with your family and as always support local business this holiday season. See you in space with a mechanical suited worm very soon!Bollywood actress Swara Bhasker has taken the first step towards being a mother. Well, if you think that she's going to get married soon, then let's change the perspective. She is all set to turn a mo
November 25, 2021 02:07 IST
It was just on yesterday's episode that we saw Simba Nagpal bid adieu to the house and his journey on Bigg Boss 15 came to an end. The top 5 contestants were told to save one from the Bottom 5 and no
November 25, 2021 01:53 IST
The makers of Varun Dhawan, Kriti Sanon-starrer 'Bhediya', on Thursday, unveiled the first look poster featuring Varun in a ferocious never-before-seen avatar, along with a new release date.Shrouded i
November 25, 2021 07:05 IST
Nearly 300 daily wage workers halted work on OTT show "Dharavi Bank" following unpaid dues of almost a month, Ashok Dubey, General Secretary, Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) said on
November 25, 2021 11:01 IST
As superstar Salman Khan's father and actor-screenwriter Salim Khan turned 86 years old on Wednesday, the 'Dabangg' star shared a beautiful family picture to mark his father's special day. Salman took
November 25, 2021 11:27 IST
Bob Biswas is all set to release on 3rd December. The film, where the intriguing character from Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani will take the central stage, has raised our expectations. Of course, the character
November 25, 2021 09:41 IST
Bigg Boss 15 has been introducing twists after twists, not even every week but almost every day now. A shock came when Shamita Shetty joined back on the show, and then Salman Khan announced that Botto
November 25, 2021 09:43 IST
As we all know by now, Rakhi Sawant is all set to enter the Bigg Boss house for the third time as a contestant. She was the third runner up of the first season, walked out with a cash prize in season
November 24, 2021 08:30 IST
When Bigg Boss 14’s second runner up Nikki Tamboli entered the BB OTT house with her friend and winner Rubina Dilaik, she openly flirted with Pratik Sehajpal and even told him that she’s waiting outsi
November 24, 2021 07:41 IST
Katrina Kaif and Vicky Kaushal’s impending Rajasthan wedding is all the buzz on social media right now. The couple is said to preparing for a lavish celebration between 7 to 9 December with many of th
November 24, 2021 07:42 ISTJohn Cena Spotted Kissing New Flame Shay Shariatzadeh During Airport Drop-Off
The two were first linked in March after they were seen holding hands in Vancouver
Things are heating up between John Cena and Shay Shariatzadeh.
In new photos obtained by TMZ, Cena and Shariatzadeh were spotted packing on the PDA outside of the San Diego airport on Wednesday.
Cena was seen giving Shariatzadeh a kiss as he dropped her off for a flight.
The two were first linked in March after they were seen holding hands in Vancouver. Shariatzadeh is a project manager for Avigilon, a Motorola Solutions tech company, and has been employed at the Vancouver-based company since 2015, according to E! News.
She’s the first woman the pro wrestler has been linked to since his public split from Nikki Bella last summer.
RELATED: John Cena Posts Cryptic Message About Love After Nikki Bella Says She’s ‘Happy’ He’s Moving On
While Cena, 42, has yet to comment on his relationship status, Bella, 35, recently opened up about watching her ex move on. During the April 10 episode of her podcast with twin sister Brie, The Bellas Podcast, Bella confessed that even though she wants the best for her ex, when she first saw a headline about the photos, her “stomach went into knots.”
She also admitted she felt bad about how their breakup was portrayed on her reality show Total Bellas.
“When [I] film the reality shows, you guys only get to see so much. So one thing that I thought was kind of unfair for John was you saw a very small amount on our reality show about our breakup and of course it was pro-me, because it was coming through my eyes,” she explained. “It made me sad for John. I felt bad for John. I felt bad because I felt like I embarrassed him, I felt like I disappointed him, and I have to live with a lot of that stuff.”
“Because of how sad I made him and how much I felt like I hurt him, when I saw the big smile on his face with the paparazzi photos [with Shariatzadeh], I think that’s why I didn’t want to s— my pants,” she continued. “I felt happy for him. I am very happy for him.”
Ultimately, Bella said that she wants both of them to be content.
“As long as John is happy, I’m happy,” she said. “But let me tell you, she breaks his heart? I will rack-attack her in a heartbeat. Still protective of that man.”
RELATED: Nikki Bella Calls Artem Chigvintsev an ‘Amazing Lover’ — but Insists He’s Not Her Boyfriend
Bella has also moved on. PEOPLE confirmed in January that she and her former Dancing with the Stars partner Artem Chigvintsev, 36, were casually dating.
Since then, the two have been spotted packing on the PDA, but Bella has maintained that they’re not official. Speaking to PEOPLE at a WrestleMania 35 kickoff event earlier this month, Bella said she’s “not fully taken,” but that she and Chigvintsev are in a good place.
On this week’s episode of her podcast, she called Chigvintsev an “amazing lover” but insisted he’s not her boyfriend, saying she’s “not ready” for that label.Education
Field Day Spring 2020:
Nancy Ruppert ~ State Inspector
Field Day Spring 2020~ Talking about splits Beekeeper’s Class 2021
Community Engagement ~ Agricultural Days
Bill Smith in the bee cage showing students parts of the hive Brad Hartsell showing students a Queen bee Bill Smith teaching students about the Honey Bee
Hives and Apiaries
McCarter Hive Apiary McCarter Hive InspectionHow does Spray Water Alkalinity affect the Efficacy of Commonly used Plant Growth Regulators?
November 7, 2017 - Author: Kellie Walters and Roberto Lopez
Did you know that the pH of the spray solution and air temperature at application can influence the efficacy of some PGRs? We will show you how to save time and money, by monitoring and adjusting two often overlooked factors that can influence PGR efficacy.Sales Have Ended
Sales Have Ended
Description
The 2019 Conference on Faith and Science (COFAS) theme is “Pursuing Science and Christian Faith for Human Flourishing.” COFAS features excellent speakers, researchers, and academics in the fields of: Biological, Biomedical, and Health Sciences; Engineering and Technology; Environmental Sciences and Sustainability; Historical, Philosophical, and Theological Studies of Faith and Science; Physical and Molecular Sciences / Astronomy and Cosmology; and Psychological, Behavioral, and Social Sciences. Please see the website for more information about speakers and event schedule.
Friday, March 22 is a free and open event. Registration is strongly encouraged.
There is also very limited registration available for Saturday. Register early to guarantee your space.
In this context, “Science” is understood broadly to encompass mainstream science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and allied fields. “Christian Faith” includes Catholic, Orthodox, and Protestant churches and denominations, or, in the words of C.S. Lewis, “Mere Christianity.” “Flourishing” is a biblical concept articulated by the Hebrew word shalom in the Old Testament and the Greek word makarios in the New Testament.
Organizer Arizona Center for Christian Studies
Organizer of COFAS - Conference on Faith and Science
COFAS is sponsored by the Arizona Center for Christian Studies (), by Christian student and faculty organizations at Arizona State University (ASU), Grand Canyon University (GCU), University of Arizona (UA), University of Mary (UMary) and other colleges and universities, and by the American Scientific Affiliation () and other science organizations. COFAS is made possible through the support of an award from the Conversations in Community project of the Office of Science, Theology, and Religion (STAR) at Fuller Theological Seminary. The opinions expressed are those of the authors and presenters and do not necessarily reflect the views of Fuller or the Conversations in Community project.The Olaplex team has been very busy over the past year. Thanks to the pandemic, more of us are invested in DIY haircare and this has seen the salon-approved brand create a number of at-home products to give us a helping hand. Last summer we were introduced to Olaplex No.0, an intensive pre-shampoo treatment with the ability to repair damaged strands fast, while the Olaplex Shampoo and Conditioner duo also gained popularity among those looking to recreate the salon experience at home. We even spotted a handful of Olaplex dupes, from L'Oréal Elvive's Dream Lengths 8 Second Wonder Water Treatment, £9.99, to The Inkey List's PCA Bond Repair, £12.99. This month, Olaplex has unveiled the hotly anticipated No.8 Bond Intense Moisture Mask, £26, and it's causing a stir among beauty lovers, hairstylists and colourists alike.
Advertisement
Exclusive to Lookfantastic, the new mask promises to make lacklustre hair appear brand-new in just 10 minutes. With salons fully booked for what looks like the next couple of months, of course I had to give it a go, and the results are nothing short of incredible.
What is in the Olaplex No.8 Intense Bond Moisture Mask and how does it work?
Olaplex No.8 works on all hair types, even go, according to an independent study. It works by repairing damage and relinking hair bonds after they have been broken by things such as bleach or colour, harsh weather, heat styling or general wear and tear. When the hair's bonds are broken, hair often appears split at the ends, frizzy and feels dry or brittle.
The difference between other Olaplex hair products and the new No.8 is that the latter is souped up with a handful of extra ingredients, typically found in skincare but which are shown to have brilliant hair benefits: hyaluronic acid for an extra hit of hydration, ceramides which speed up repair and lock in moisture, and avocado oil, rosehip oil and rice bran oil, all of which nourish dry, brittle strands deeply and provide a glossy finish. Think of it as a more concentrated version of Olaplex No.3.
Advertisement
According to Lavinia Popescu, vice president of research and development at Olaplex, No.8 doesn't contain classical proteins, which can be tricky for some hair types, especially low porosity hair, which typically needs more moisture. This product sulphates, making it a safe option for coloured hair and those with a sensitive or reactive scalp.
How do you use the Olaplex No.8 Intense Bond Moisture Mask?
Suggested to be used once a week, the mask works best on shampooed, towel-dried hair. The brand's experts suggest applying one to three pumps through mid-lengths to ends, depending on your hair length and thickness. The smart pump allows for just the right amount of product to be applied. maximise results.
London-based colourist Samantha Cusick is a huge fan, colour-treated hair, straight hair and even hair extensions. Curly and natural textured hair tends to need more moisture in particular, and this mask really delivers."
Advertisement
Does the Olaplex No.8 Intense Bond Moisture Mask work?
Before
After
Yes, and the before-and-after pictures are proof. In just 10 minutes, the mask breathed new life into my frazzled, split, twice-dyed lockdown hair. After a quick rinse and rough-dry using the ghd Helios, £159, I gasped. My hair felt smooth, soft and so much easier to manage. My hair has one big wave at the back, which often makes it difficult to wear it natural, but my lengths were so glossy and soft, I felt as though I could ditch my straighteners. This is the first hair product that has made me consider ditching the heat, so it's already leagues above the aforementioned dupes.
When I did go to straighten my hair the next day, it took me all of five minutes and my straighteners glided through my hair without snagging. I'm most impressed by how it minimised my broken hairs, frizzy roots and split ends. I'm in desperate need of a trim but, somehow, my hair looks and feels 10 times healthier. While Olaplex No.8 is not a leave-in product, I applied a pea-sized amount to the ends of my hair for extra smoothness and it worked so well, making it a multipurpose all-rounder.
My only complaint is that you have to apply it through towel-dried hair, which means getting out of the shower, waiting 10 minutes for it to work its magic, then jumping back in to rinse it out. For lazy people like me, this is a faff, especially when there are so many brilliant deep conditioners and in-shower hair masks out there. If you'd rather save time, I love Dizziak Deep Conditioner, £22, which uses a handful of oils to nourish parched strands, and BLEACH London Reincarnation Mask, £17, which boasts glycerin to moisturise and strengthen hair. Both products can be used in the shower.
That said, in my honest opinion as a beauty editor, the results of Olaplex No.8 are unrivalled. No wonder it has already racked up five-star reviews. I'll absolutely replace my trusty Olaplex dupes and would suggest stocking up while you can. A product as good as this is bound to sell out soon..Facebook Launches New Lead Ad Features
Since their introduction in 2015 Facebook Lead Ads have proved to be a powerful tool for marketers, allowing the collection of information from potential customers in a way that's quick and easy for them. We’re pleased to share with you some awesome new improvements Facebook have made to Lead Ads to enable marketers to communicate their intended message to users more clearly.
Custom ‘Thank You’ screen
Arguably the most exciting improvement, Facebook has updated the ‘Thank You’ screen that appears after a user submits a lead form! Previously, once a lead form was submitted, the user was shown a standard ‘Thank You’ screen with a ‘View Website’ button which directed them to a specific webpage. However, this page was not customisable. With Facebook’s Custom ‘Thank You’ screen, you are now able to customise this page, allowing you to further engage with the user.
This functionality is especially important for marketers who want to offer downloadable content such as e-books or e-brochures. The user can now be shown a ‘Download’ button on the ‘Thank You’ page which directs them to the webpage from which they can download the requested item.
Custom Headline
Facebook have now enabled the editing of the Headline text in a lead form. This allows for a more tailored messaging. Instead of the previous standard ‘Learn more by providing your info below’ message dictated by the CTA, you are now able to customise this for your target users. In this example we've used 'Request an e-book'.
Want to find out more about our lead ads solutions, and how we can skyrocket your lead gen?NEW!
NEW ORLEANS FAVORITES II
Click below on New Orleans Favorites II
drop-down menu for purchase information
To access recordings from a mobile device,
use the mobile menu on the upper right.
To avoid being rerouted to SoundCloud,
select "Listen in Browser" option
To access live recordings, select pieces from the drop-down menus on the banner below
NEW ORLEANS FAVORITES II
Our original New Orleans Favorites set has been so popular, we now offer New Orleans Favorites II, featuring 10 additional tunes! Like the original collection, they are arranged for traditional ensemble in authentic New Orleans Style. Instrumentation is flexible, allowing for performance by as few as four players on Clarinet, Trumpet, Trombone and Tuba (or optional Bass). Other optional parts include Tenor Sax, Drums, a Piano/Banjo chord book and an Alto Sax book that functions as a replacement for the Tenor book.
The collection is now available in two sizes, as march-sized books (approx. 5"x 7") which will fit a standard music lyre, accommodating almost any indoor or outdoor performance venue, or in a larger, coil-bound B5 size (approx. 7"x 10") that is designed to lay flat on a standard-sized music stand.
The 7" x 10" format also features larger print making it easier to read for "more experienced" musicians.
Each arrangement is presented as two facing pages with the song on the left and written-out solos for the wind players on the right. Ranges and technical requirements are kept at a modest level to allow for success for players of a wide range of abilities.
Typical left page/right page set-up: song arrangement on the left, written-out solo on the right.
Individual books are available in either size. Orders of multiple books are also available. There is a package containing the four essential books (clarinet, trumpet/cornet, trombone and tuba). A complete, specially-priced package is also available which includes all nine books, plus a FREE score book! And now you can save even more if you purchase multiple volumes of the three sets. See the Vol. 1 purchase page for special pricing of multiple volume sets.
Recordings of each of the ten Vol. 2 arrangements are available below for listening. Though each tune has four different solos which can be mixed and matched (and even overlapped!) these recordings present only one or two of the provided solos. Click below to listen!
One young Cochrane kid has recently discovered that there really is strength in numbers.
Five-year-old Jerlena Rittwage, who was born missing her left hand, returned from the 2012 Western War Amps CHAMPS seminar, which was held in Saskatoon, Sask., July 13-15, feeling connected to a network of kids, counsellors and families facing similar obstacles in their lives.
“She’s been involved with the War Amps for about three years,” said her mother, Jessica Rittwage.
“She gets to see kids just like her, which really helps with her self-esteem.”
Jessica said the three-day seminar was beneficial to both herself and her daughter on many levels, including learning about the various aspects of growing up as an amputee, evolving technology with prosthetic limbs, parenting an amputee child, dealing with teasing and bullying and maintaining an active lifestyle.
Jessica said one of the greatest forms of assistance they received from the organization was receiving a prosthetic hand, so Jerlena could keep active swimming.
“They gave her the opportunity to get a prosthetic made so she could participate in sports and activities like all the other kids,” said Jessica; the cost of Jerlena’s artificial limb was $2,700 and insurance only partially covers this.
“Seminars are an integral part of the Child Amputee Program, creating lasting bonds of friendship as CHAMPS grow up learning from one another,” said Danita Chisholm, executive director of CHAMPS.
Visit waramps.ca to learn more.Eaton Paving & Excavation LLC offers a wide range of site-work and excavation services. We have the equipment and experience
to handle the demands of your earthwork and land development project. We have worked on many commercial, DEP, municipal,
and residential projects. No matter how large or small your project is, we are here to help you. We pride ourselves in
doing the job right, and have the expertise to get the job done right the first time and on budget!
We also offer delivery on a variety of aggregate materials – Call for pricing.
Call us today to schedule an on-site evaluation and free estimate.Sometime over the following month or so, United Nations health and also nutrition experts will certainly convene in New York to start pointing out what many consider to be the pivotal medical concern of our day: excessive weight and also its affect on youngsters. For the U.N., traditionally came to via starvation and also malnutrition, it is a historic initially, complying with up on an alarm it sounded around obese adults in 1999. ‘Obesity,’ the U.N. proasserted, ‘is the dominant unmet global health and wellness concern, through Westernized nations topping the list.”
Solid epidemiological data drives the initiative. In Canada, Great Britain, Japan, Australia--even coastal China and also Southeastern Asia--the rate of childhood weight problems has been soaring for even more than a decade. Closer to residence, at leastern 25% of all Americans under age nineteen are overweight or obese, a number that has doubled over the last 30 years and a figure that moved the surgeon general to declare childhood obesity an epidemic. The cost in health and wellness care dollars to treat obesity’s medical consequences--from diabetes to coronary heart illness to a range of crippling bone conditions--will inevitably make the battle against HIV/AIDS seem inexpensive.
You are watching: Too much of a good thing greg critser
Yet in the UNITED STATE, the many essential foot soldiers against excessive weight are progressively paralyzed by years of media-induced food hysteria, over-generalized and also outdated nutritional wisdom and also, reality be told, an unwillingness to set firm and also occasionally unpopular food parameters. That infantry is the much-strained Amerideserve to family members and also its increasingly harried commandant, Parentis americanus . What it requirements to promulgate is dietary restraint, somepoint our ancestors kbrand-new ssuggest as avoiding gluttony.
This is not to say that parents have to be blamed for the nation’s thriving dietary permissiveness. They are wary of confronting their children’s eating habits for a reason: For years, conventional wisdom hosted that food need to never before become a dinner table battleground. ‘Prescertain causes stress and anxiety,’ create Harvey and also Marilyn Diamond, authors of the classic “Fit for Life,” which has actually marketed more than 3 million copies. ‘Wright here food is involved, tension is always to be avoided.’ The operative idea is that a son restrained from overeating will either rebel by secretly gorging when ameans from the table or, worse, will certainly endure such a loss of self-esteem that a life time of disastrous eating actions will certainly follow.
Of course, no one need to be stigmatized for being overweight. But stigmatizing the unhealthful actions that reason excessive weight would concreate through what we understand around efficient health and wellness messeras. In both the project versus unsafe sex and also the project versus smoking cigarettes, stigmatizing such habits showed highly reliable in reducing threat and harm. It’s true, smokers--and also homosexuals--may have actually proficient a modicum of stereoinputting in the short run, yet such is the price of every public health and wellness advance: short term pain for lengthy term obtain.
Another inhibition to imposing dietary restraint is the idea, supported in handbook after handbook of parental advice, that ‘youngsters recognize when they are complete.’ But maybe not. In truth, brand-new research study suggests just the opposite: Kids don’t recognize as soon as they are complete.
In a current examine, Pennsylvania State University nutritional scholar Barbara Rolls and her associates examined the eating habits of two groups of youngsters, among three-year-olds, another of five-year-olds. The youngsters were presented through a series of plates of macaroni and also cheese. The first plate was a normal serving built around baseline nutritional needs; the second was slightly larger; the 3rd was what could be referred to as ‘supersized.”
What the researchers found is that the younger kids consistently ate the same baseline amount, leaving more food on the plates through larger servings. The 5-year-olds, though, altered their eating actions drastically relying on the amount they were offered, devouring whatever before was on the plate. Somepoint had actually occurred. The mere presence of an oversized portion had actually induced exaggerated eating. The authors concluded that ‘these at an early stage years might carry out a distinct possibility for interventions that alleviate the danger of developing overweight.’ Those interventions ‘must encompass clear indevelopment on appropriate percentage sizes for youngsters.”
Theorizing aside, our disinclination to restrain eating flies in the face of overwhelming evidence that, of all age groups, kids seem to be the ones that respond the majority of positively to dietary advice. In 4 randomized studies of obese 6 to 12 year olds, those that were available regular, easy behavioral advice were considerably less overweight 10 years later on than kids who did not get the advice. In fact, 30% of those stupassed away were no much longer obese at all.
The situation for early intervention has been better buttressed by brand-new studies on another age-old medical injunction: never before put a kid on a diet. (The issue was that under-nutrition can cause stunted expansion.) But as the authors of a study of 1,062 children under age 3 concluded in the journal Pediatrics, ‘a oversaw, low-saturated-fat and also low-cholesterol diet has actually no affect on growth throughout the initially 3 years of life.’ Overweight kids who were put on such a diet finished up with much better, even more modeprice eating habits.
Changing the eating actions of youngsters, though, is antithetical to some notions many kind of parents host dear. And to some it appears a relic of an previously, even more religious era of ethical certainties as soon as gluttony was vilified as among the salso deadly sins. Many boomer parental fees believe, as one parent and also nutritionist sassist at a recent summit on childhood weight problems, that ‘kids deserve to make negative nutrition decisions.’ That might be true. But ours is a human being wright here at least a billion dollars a year is spent by simply one fast-food chain to convince family members to visit a crazy-looking clvery own via his own playground and purchase a thousand also superdimension calories for a mere $2.50. McDonald’s main line now is that 3 meals a week at its restaurants are perfectly acceptable for an average son. That’s 3 meals a week of grease, refined flour and a jumbo swarm of sugar.
Given today’s bounty of cheap and also unhealthful food alternatives, and also offered the inconvenience that goes through making good nutritional options, one can wonder if a campaign versus over-usage, a campaign advocating restraint, might occupational. On this suggest, we could take a cue from the French. In the early on 20th century France, in response to its first experiences with widespread son obesity, released the puericulture movement, which focused on excessive weight get in early on childhood and also adolescence. Its prescription: All meals must be adult-supervised; all sections must be modeprice, through ‘seconds’ a rare treat. All but an occasional tiny snack were forbidden. As its historian Peter N. Stearns writes in “Fat History,” puericulture’s message was simple: Eating as well much food is a bad thing.
See more: Free Fl A Corporation Is A Legal Entity Separate From Its Owners. True False
Therein lies at least part of the explanation for the legendary leanness of the French: They were taught in childhood not to overeat. And it didn’t seem to perform a lot injury to their self-esteem.Dick Boland
Stars in 2 horror movies listed on All Horror
Dick BolandStars in 2 horror movies listed on All Horror
order by
- Newest
- Movie (A - Z)
- Released
- Rating
Diane (2018)Please wait...Thanks for your vote!+1000Please wait...Thanks for your vote!
100%
7.8
When a disabled war veteran discovers the dead body of a beautiful singer in his back yard, his fascination with her photographic image soon turns to obsession...
Bikini Bloodbath: Christmas (2009)Please wait...Thanks for your vote!+10Please wait...Thanks for your vote!
N/A
4.2
Jenny and Sharon are stalked by a killer chef ... again? This time ... It's Christ<<In the aftermath of the COP26 climate summit, where a last-minute intervention by India reported. According to the news agency, the two countries mine 14 million tons of coal per day, and account for 95 per cent of the new coal-fired power plants brought online over the last decade — 444.2 gigawatts (GW) in China, and 113.7 GW in India.
The next three countries on the list — Indonesia, Vietnam, and South Korea — added 54 GW among them, according to data from BloombergNEF.
Bloomberg said that this explains the energy crunch explains why China and India put up a strong defence for coal’s future during the negotiations in Glasgow. “Coal not only remains crucial to their current energy needs but it looks set to have a role for decades to come. That is even as the two Asian giants install huge volumes of renewables and chase targets to zero out greenhouse gas emissions,” said Bloomberg.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Zhao Lijian explained Beijing’s stance at a media briefing on Monday. “In many developing countries, not everyone has access to electricity. Energy supply is not adequate,” he said. “Before asking all countries to stop using coal, consideration should be given to the energy shortfall in these countries.”
“
We have sadly seen the hand of fossil fuel interests interfering with that text to water it down with weasel words… We’ve seen it in the G20 for 12 years—‘inefficient fossil fuel subsidies’. It means nothing.
Catherine Abreu, executive director, Destination Zero
Zhao said that China attaches “high importance” to the shift off fossil fuels and has committed to peak coal consumption in 2025. It has also cut off funding for overseas coal projects, reported Bloomberg.
The pledge to end international coal financing would cut China’s carbon pollution by the equivalent of Canada’s total emissions, the news agency said.
Zhao said that the effort to “reduce the proportion of coal consumption is an incremental process”, and,” said Shehu Sani, a Nigerian senator
In the days leading up to COP 26, analysts were pointing to the global energy supply crunch as good reason to speed up the shift off fossil fuels, rather than slowing it down. Developing countries, however, are saying that the transition is not being adequately funded.
The last-minute change in the COP decision was interpreted by some as a new lease on life for coal. News agency Reuters speculated that “how humanity confronts climate change may come down to the intentions behind the two words [that were edited in the final text]”.
Other observers said that the difference in the nuances of United Nations legal jargon would not change the message to investors and other decision-makers — that the Glasgow climate pact is an indicator that coal is being shown its way out and other fossil fuels will soon be phased out too.
According to Reuters, coal stocks in Asia declined on Monday despite the “solid floor” provided by the energy supply crunch.
The main takeaway for companies and investors is that it is time to ramp up real plans to reach net-zero emissions, Bloomberg and Reuters reported. US climate envoy John Kerry said that COP 26 had ushered in a “new era of accountability”, after participants arrived at “a clear pathway with rules, with transparency requirements”.
But all of that will depend on net-zero plans that will help countries get past the “weasel words” in the Glasgow Pact that allow for future coal plants.
.”
Next year’s UN conference, COP 27, will be held in Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt, while COP 28 in 2023 will bring delegates to Dubai. organisation’s Middle East director, Joe Stork.Hey Moonies!
If you’re looking to get your hands on some of my fabrics, Spoonflower is offering FREE international standard shipping for the next 2 days! Take advantage of that and save some dollars just in time to make some holiday gifts!
Click the image or link below to get to my shop ❤Marketing Ruby Bands For Cash
If you want to offer your ruby rings for cash, you need to make sure you are able to get a great cost. It is very important to bear in mind that the selling price will certainly depend upon the kind of ring you have. If you are not able to obtain a great price on the ring you have, you ought to take into consideration a second alternative. This choice is more probable to get you a far better offer. The following step is to note the ring you are marketing. When you are offering diamond rings for money, it is important that you do so with care. Constantly market your ring online, preferably in a public location. By doing this, you will certainly have more individuals bidding for your ring. Nonetheless, you should not disclose your individual information if you are offering online. You need to additionally know about the charges and terms of the sale. You can pick to sell your ring at a pawn shop, yet you ought to constantly make certain that you meet in a public location. You can likewise pick to market the jewelry at an online auction website. If you are offering a diamond ring for cash money online, you can obtain an instant cash money quote from a 3rd party website. If you have an interest in obtaining a fast and also straightforward quote, WP rubies may be a good option. The on-line company Ritani gives you a complimentary price quote for any kind of type of ring. It is not uncommon for individuals to sell diamond rings for cash in this fashion. If you are not sure exactly how to offer your jewelry, you can always try a 3rd party site. Regardless of where you live, you can offer your ruby rings for cash. In addition to selling rubies to various other business, you can sell your rubies straight to individuals who have an interest in getting your precious jewelry. You can likewise try selling your ring to a regional jewelry store or an on the internet customer. You can sell your diamond ring to a specific public auction home. This method will certainly save you money and time. You will certainly have the ability to get a greater price than you can get if you sold it to a personal person. There are a number of well established sites that can aid you offer your diamonds. Worthy is one such website. If you are seeking an area to market rubies for cash money, ABE MOR can assist you. A company can even send the ring to a GIA for you. The danger of your ring resting on shop racks for several years is marginal. If you do not want to pay the GIA rate, you can offer it straight. If you would certainly like to sell your rubies yourself, you can also market your diamond rings for money. A supplier will get your diamonds and market them to a wholesaler. By doing this, you’ll get a greater rate than you can by offering to a retailer. A wholesaler will certainly purchase your rubies and also re-sell them for much less. The seller will certainly additionally pay the labor and also materials that you’ve put into the ring.
On : My Thoughts ExplainedConsultancy Cyber Security Consultant £40,000 - £49,999 jobs in Southampton
Broaden your search
- Consultancy, Cyber Security Consultant, £40,000 - £49,999 89
- Consultancy, Cyber Security Consultant, £40,000 - £49,999, Hampshire 2
Refine your search
- Consultancy Remove selection
- Cyber Security Consultant Remove selection
- £40,000 - £49,999 Remove selection
- Southampton Remove selection
Found 1 job
Test Automation Engineer
We have a contract job opportunity for an Automation Test Engineer for 3 months Our client provides national mapping services for Great Britain and i
Related courses
Certified CMMC Professional (CCP)
Certified CMMC Professional (CCP)You have entered a value in the highlighted fields below that contain invalid characters. Please revise your selection using valid characters only.
Product may not be an exact match for your search
8P1P006210GRB01
CIRCULAR CONNECTOR, 6POS, RCPT, PANEL
Image is for illustrative purposes only. Please refer to product description.
- Manufacturer:
- NORCOMP NORCOMP
- Manufacturer Part No:
- 8P1P006210GRB01
- Order Code:
- 2723555
Product Range Selector (QUIK-LOQ Series)See all from this product range
Product Information
- :
- QUIK-LOQ Series
- :
- Bulkhead Receptacle
- :
- 6Contacts
- :
- PCB Socket
- :
- Push-Pull
- :
- ABS (Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene), PC (Polycarbonate).Abstract
Background: The increasing prevalence of bovine tuberculosis (bTB) in the UK and the limitations of the currently available diagnostic and control methods require the development of complementary approaches to assist in the sustainable control of the disease. One potential approach is the identification of animals that are genetically more resistant to bTB, to enable breeding of animals with enhanced resistance. This paper focuses on prediction of resistance to bTB. We explore estimation of direct genomic estimated breeding values (DGVs) for bTB resistance in UK dairy cattle, using dense SNP chip data, and test these genomic predictions for situations when disease phenotypes are not available on selection candidates. Methodology/Principal Findings: We estimated DGVs using genomic best linear unbiased prediction methodology, and assessed their predictive accuracies with a cross validation procedure and receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curves. Furthermore, these results were compared with theoretical expectations for prediction accuracy and area-under-the-ROC- curve (AUC). The dataset comprised 1151 Holstein-Friesian cows (bTB cases or controls). All individuals (592 cases and 559 controls) were genotyped for 727,252 loci (Illumina Bead Chip). The estimated observed heritability of bTB resistance was 0.23±0.06 (0.34 on the liability scale) and five-fold cross validation, replicated six times, provided a prediction accuracy of 0.33 (95% C.I.: 0.26, 0.40). ROC curves, and the resulting AUC, gave a probability of 0.58, averaged across six replicates, of correctly classifying cows as diseased or as healthy based on SNP chip genotype alone using these data. Conclusions/Significance: These results provide a first step in the investigation of the potential feasibility of genomic selection for bTB resistance using SNP data. Specifically, they demonstrate that genomic selection is possible, even in populations with no pedigree data and on animals lacking bTB phenotypes. However, a larger training population will be required to improve prediction accuracies.Engagement Photography Leicester
Hello, here is a sweet shoot with the friendly couple Adriana & Cat. An Engagement photography session in Abbey park Leicester.
Being in front of the camera for the first time, as a couple, would make anyone nervous, but these two didn’t have any such problems!
Adriana & Cat were so natural, relaxed and funny that it was an absolute pleasure to photograph them. Abbey Park is a decent location for photography if you don’t want to head out too far away from the city. We could only manage a stroll around the boating lake and the Chinese gardens before we lost the natural light. Overall a great session and I hope you like pictures – Ashok.
You can check out another Engagement shoot HERE.
Remember to follow me on Instagram to keep up with my latest work HERE.
Raging fires in Portugal kill at least 62
PENELA, PORTUGAL Raging forest fires in Portugal have killed at least 62 people, most of whom were burnt to death in their cars, the government said yesterday, in one of the worst such disasters in recent history.
The fire broke out on Saturday in the municipality of Pedrogao Grande in central Portugal, before spreading fast across several fronts.
Yesterday afternoon, nearly 900 firefighters and 300 vehicles were still battling the blaze while scenes of devastation could be seen around the town.
"Unfortunately, this seems to be the greatest tragedy we have seen in recent years in terms of forest fires," said a visibly moved Prime Minister Antonio Costa. Portugal has declared three days of mourning.
The flowing expanse of hillskm, as blackened trees leaned listlessly over charred soil.
Burnt-out cars sat outside partly destroyed and abandoned houses, while a few metres away police in face masks surrounded the corpse of a man covered by a white sheet.
Secretary of State for the Interior Jorge Gomes said 57 people had burnt to death, mostly trapped in their cars engulfed by flames in the Leiria region. - AFP
Get The New Paper on your phone with the free TNP app. Download from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store nowHAVN may just be the ultimate ebike parking spot
While you could just lock your ebike to a signpost or rack, wouldn't it be nice to park it someplace where it got recharged, and you could store your gear? HAVN was designed to serve those purposes.
Created by Belgian company Street Waves, each HAVN ebike-parking unit consists of a lidded 55-liter (14.5-gal) stainless steel rectangular box, with one raised horizontal steel bracket at the top, and another extending out from the bottom.
When a bike is leaned against the unit, its top tube rests against the top bracket – a strip of wood on the face of the bracket protects the bike's paint from scratches. The lower bracket holds the bike's front wheel in place, so it points forward instead of flopping over to one side.
Before locking their bike up, the user opens the HAVN's lid, then stows their helmet, gloves, jacket and other cycling gear inside. As an added bonus, a mirror on the inside of the lid lets them check if they've got "helmet hair." They then close the lid, and run their lock through holes in both it and the main body of the unit, and around their bike's top tube. In this way, both the bicycle and the lid are secured using the one lock. The unit itself is anchored to the street surface.
Additionally, if the HAVN is wired into the local electrical system, the user can plug their ebike's battery charger into its integrated socket for recharging.
Interested businesses or municipalities can inquire for pricing information via the company website, linked below.
Source: Street Waves via Bicitech
Please keep comments to less than 150 words. No abusive material or spam will be published.
It’s one thing to lock up my hacker mountain bike at the store, but a $1,000+ ebike is not likely to survive even in our “safe” small suburban community.
And from feedback, this security issue prevents a fair number of others from using eBikes as an alternative to their vehicles for shorter shopping trips.
Somebody needs to develop a near-bullet-proof way to easily secure expensive eBikes at stores and restaurants. E-locks and GPS trackers do not prevent theft.Many people feel guilty and depressed as a result of carrying debt on their credit cards. Studies have shown that people feel significantly more depressed when their credit card debt increases by ten percent or more. However, most people in California and other states do not show clinical depression, but rather experience an increase in household stress, which can manifest in an inability to eat and sleep properly.
Although depressive symptoms were apparent in all ages in a recent study, older adults between the ages of 51 and 64 displayed the most acute symptoms. Unfortunately, statistics show that Americans older than 50 averaged $8,278 in debt owed on credit cards in 2012. This is significantly greater than younger Americans. People younger than 50-years-old reported an average of $6,258 owed on credit card accounts.
A significant portion of the debt accumulated on credit cards by Americans over the age of 50 is a result of spending on basic expenses for living. Thirty-four percent of the older Americans surveyed stated they utilized credit cards to purchase groceries, pay for utilities and even to obtain insurance. Half of the older people surveyed stated they used their credit cards on medical bills. Loss of employment was also reported as a reason for 25 percent of older people using credit cards.
Older Americans with significant credit card debt should be sure to be cautious, since they could eventually find themselves facing overwhelming debt problems. Once a person, no matter what age, falls behind on their monthly payments it may be challenging to catch up with their bills. However, those who do find themselves being buried with credit card debt may wish to file a Chapter 7 bankruptcy. This type of bankruptcy in California is designed to discharge unsecured debts, which includes debts owed to credit card companies.
Source: Post Crescent, “Older Americans carrying more credit card debt”, Alan Prahl, June 21, 2013Liquid Emulsifier
Microgen’s Linteis 200S is a concentrated emulsifier. It
removes oil, protein and grease stains from the cloth.
Linteis 200S can also be used as pre-wash,
for heavily soiled clothes and uniforms, F&B linen etc.
it removes oil, protein and grease stains thoroughly.
Cab be used in the main wash and also as pre-wash.
Linteis 200S is mainly used in conjunction with
alkalinity boosters and/or main wash detergents.
In combination with the latter, its main function is to
improve dispersion of fatty and oily soil, thus
enhancing wash performance on heavily soiled
goods such as cotton and polyester/cotton
workwear and table linen. The absence of optical
brightener renders this product suitable for use on
pastel coloured fabrics.
Features and Benefits
- Excellent performance on fatty and oily soil
- Good foam control properties – optimal use of
washer mechanical action.
- Suitable for use on pastel coloured fabrics
Use Instructions
Dosing levels are dependent on wash classification.
Recommended Dosage
Soil level Dosage (ml/kg dry goods)
Light 2 ml – 3 ml
Medium 3 ml – 5 ml
Heavy 5 ml – 7 ml
Recommended Dosage
Product State: Liquid
pH Value: 6.5 to 7.5
Odour: Odorless
Colour: Colorless.Mcdonald brothers 500 miles, I'm Mcdonald for brothers who loves miles
They first rose to prominence in the third UK series of television talent show The X Factor in[1] and have since gone on to release four studio albums.
They first rose to prominence in the third UK series of television talent show The X Factor Teen black tsand have since gone on to release four albums. The brothers Lady looking casual sex FL Fort lauderdale 33315 currently ed to Evosound, Hong Kong under their new name "The Macs" but remain living in Scotland. As well as singing, both Craig and Brian play a range of instruments including the violin, accordion, guitar and piano. The band received three positive votes from the judges Simon Cowell, Osbourne and Walsh.
Views: 54731
We're coming to regard the discovery of each week's dull-witted X Factor theme as the one solid gold highlight of our weekends.
And which film-soundtracking genius did X Factor rope into being the special musical guest? John Williams? Ennio Morricone? Kenny Logginseven? Our breath is literally baited to see what guff-headed theme the X Factor team manage to pull out of the bag next week.
X factor betting odds: macdonald brothers & ben mills
But who'll win X Factor this year? Miles by The Proclaimers ; a Scottish call to Would a white girl date an asian guy Holland michigan escorts, Miles was shit too, but it was a brand new type of shit that featured a call and response section so utterly ludicrous that we fear The MacDonald Brothers may have done the impossible and picked up some new fans through sheer cheek.
Ben Mills — Reports this week suggested that Ben Mills spent the week flouncing around like a giant stroppy girl because he thinks Leona is going to win X Factor.
Which she is, but that's beside the point. However, Ben Mills did well to hide any s Best girl fuck like an entire orchestra falling down a lift shaft.
The macdonald brothers Turning pale after smoking weed starring his whole family.
Forget that Ben was in the final two on Saturday's X Factor ; the big question is how the hell he's going to top that.
Kids, we'd start worrying for our safety next week if we were you. Macdonald Brothers I was so upset when u both went lastnite, I wanted Men that like threesomes both to win because you deserve it. Simon was always nasty to you because he was jealous of u both cuz u are good-looking l and I loved every performance you did.
Well Divorced older women macdonald brothers u were great singers and I love you loadz. Luv ur biggest fan lucy xxxxxxxxx Hope to see you in the future because you are both great and gorgeous.
I think that the mac bros are really cool my friend lisa wants to marry the Ruined pussy stories 1 the blonde 1 if they make an album i might buy it but lisa she would get it the second it gets put on the shelves : lol luv ya xxxxxxxxx.
Comments Macdonald Brothers I was so upset when u both went lastnite, I wanted you both to win because you deserve it.
Top rated vans near Asheville,
Had this car for a girls trip and it was everything we could ask for and more! Catriona was very responsive to messages and easily assessable if needed. She was very accommodating and patient with a few of our schedule/timing changes. Will absolutely recommend her if you are looking for a rental in Asheville!
Eurica was wonderful to work with. The Youkon was impeccably clean and gorgeous. It has all the bells and whistles. I would rent from Eurica again for sure.
Juan was super accommodating to our needs, friendly, responsive & communicative. The vehicle was perfect for what we needed. Very clean, drives amazing, nice upgraded features, lots of space. Would highly recommend renting from Juan.
Everything went smoothly, Louis was super friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend!
Margaret was a wonderful host, and we so appreciated her kindness and flexibility. Great car with no problems on mountain roads!
This was our first experience with Turo and it was GREAT! George was awesome to work with and the vehicle was PERFECT! Thanks again, George & Betty!
Louis' Acura was great. Very clean and comfortable. Louis was very responsive and easy to work with.
This was a perfect experience. The car was great and exceeded all our expectations. It was clean and full of gas. Pick up and drop off was a breeze, and Margaret was a delight to meet and chat with. All in all fantastic. Highly recommend.
Was in a panic because no cars available at the airport. Search Turro and Patty's truck pop up at a reasonable price. A quick response followed and my worries were less. Pick up truck with no issues and return with no issues. Great vacation because I was able to get vehicle and did it with ease. Thanks
We had such a great experience with Hussein and his car! He was very friendly and accommodating and brought the car to us and took us to the airport when we needed to leave! His car is awesome, it’s the perfect car to get around Asheville in. Be sure to use him when you are there!
Juan's car was just perfect for our girls trip to asheville. We were deciding between ubering everywhere or renting Juan's GMC, and we kept saying over and over again we were so glad to have our own car. It was clean and easy to navigate. His car had all of the upgrades from bluetooth to backup cameras to a map to distance monitoring in front and back and a DVD player. Juan was also very accommodating and nice to do business with!
Awesome car and awesome customer service! Clean, neat and truly a great experience. There are very limited ride sharing providers in Asheville, do yourself a favor and get this car!
Without Chris’s help, i could not have finished my trip so effortlessly. He made it all easy for me , picking up and dropping. I would look for his vehicle when I come Asheville anytime in future.
Chris and his wife were so sweet and wonderful to deal with. The transfer was seemless and the vehicle is just what our family needed for a wonderful vacation. Highly recommend! 😁
Hands down, the best rental experience from start to end. TRUSTWORTHY & HELPFUL!! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Will use again if ever back in the area!
My two sons and I rented Betty for almost a week to visit the beach and it was great! I felt super safe driving in horrible rain storms. The whole process from start to finish couldn’t have been easier. George is really helpful and easy to talk to. Would definitely rent her again!
This was a great ride! George even took the extra care to print out an instruction sheet about small things that may be challenging in luxury vehicles. The car was ready to go when I pulled up and George was super to communicate with. Will be renting again in available when I’m in the area!
Juan was extremely accommodating. We had an amazing trip. Thank you Juan for everything!!
You know it’s good when your spouse says, “the Jeep made a great trip spectacular!” Cruising the Parkway in style! Galen was 100% reliable and provided outstanding service. First time on Turo but will use again based on our trip. I would give more stars if I could.
Terrance was very polite and informative. Excellent transaction and straight to the point. I’ll be renting from him again in the future
Kitty’s Kia was an excellent vehicle for our trip. Car was exactly as described and she was very flexible when our trip was extended. She timely in responses as well.
The car was perfect for our trip! It was clean and ran great. Lucas was very accommodating. I would highly recommend this car for your trip!
I appreciate Kitty delivering and picking up, and also being able to rent, her well-kept, excellent car. Everything with it on the trip went smoothly and I would be delighted to rent it again should the need arise.
This was a great vehicle!! The host even provided us with two umbrellas when we arrived on a rainy day. Communication was great and made things very easy!! 10/10
Everything was seamless. Allen was very friendly and accommodating, and the car was excellent. We would book again in a heartbeat.
The car was perfect! It was so nice that all 6 of us could ride together to do some adventures in the area. Coordinating with Patty was easy and this was so much more convenient and cost effective than a car rental place. Thank you Patty!
Ricardo was an incredible Turo host!!! His car was clean and reliable, which was exactly what we needed. We were in town for a wedding about an hour away from Asheville and drove the car on the highway both ways and around town. It gave us absolutely no difficulties. Ricardo himself is a nice, reliable person who looked for ways to give us a great experience with his car. Cannot recommend him highly enough!
Such a GREAT option to rent from a private party! Great car to rent and clean. The pick up and drop off was easy. Thanks for the best experience!
wonderful ride and communication was excellent! made for a very easy and accommodating pick up and drop off. Highly recommend!
Juan’s Yukon was as described, extremely clean and drives phenomenally. Would recommend. Thanks Juan!
Paul and his wife are a very pleasant and extremely sweet couple who more more than helpful and went above and beyond to accommodate my requests and changes. Seamless pickup and dropoff. I wish I could have.kept the keep but someone reserved it out from under me, lol! The jeep had no issues whatsoever and was a very comfortable drive! Perfect experience!
An excellent experience! Aleksey and team provided outstanding service from the initial booking, pick-up, and return. The X5 was a great vehicle! I highly recommend Aleksey!
Excellent all around. Vehicle clean and ready, left cash to cover parking fees, quick communication, great vehicle.
Louis was a stand-up guy, very flexible and super nice. The car was clean and comfortable and drove well. I so appreciated his car share!
So pleasantly surprised by how simple this process was! Car drove great, Kitty was good to communicate with. We can recommend!
The Yukon was great and was comfortable and easy to drive. Juan was terrific and accommodated us dropping off a bit early. His place is 2 minutes outside of downtown. Asheville - very easy to find, pick up and drop off. Thank you again for helping us out with our very last minute booking!! We had a terrific time and will definitely be back.
Juan, was awesome, car was perfect for our needs, extra roomy and extremely well maintained, great condition, and juan was a pleasure to work with. (He even had champagne glasses in the back seat!) This was our first time renting a car through Turo and our experience with Juan and his GMC Yukon was top notch all the way around. Don't hesitate to rent from Juan, he is a true professional and takes great pride in his automobile and his service.
This car was fantastic for our trip!! Great for the mountains and city life! Super clean, had plenty of Clorox wipes and hand sanitizer in case we needed them. Will definitely book this car again when we come back to town!!
The jeep was great! It was very clean and it was perfect for the things I needed to do during my trip! Galen was very responsive throughout the whole process! Will definitely be renting this jeep again for other occasions!
beep beep the KIA was showroom clean and has snappy orange seat covers, making it easy to identify. It was easy to drive, great visibility all around plus excellent back up camera; terrific mileage. Seats were comfortably large for our windy trek to the Highlands & back. I would definitely lease Kitty's KIA again.
Good car; as expected. Patty was very accommodating and communicated with us the entire.MISHA (Limited Edition)
MISHA (Limited Edition)
The MISHA is perfect for the woman who wants the ultimate alpine look. These genuine full grain leather and suede waterproof winter boots provide heavy-duty comfort and insulation, too.
Ankle-high. Round toe. Snug genuine shearling lining to the toe that will keep you warm and dry thanks to its breathability. Functional black interior and silver exterior YKK zippers for easy on and off. 3mm genuine shearling lined footbed for all day comfort. D-ring silver tone hardware with bi-colour wool lace-up closure. Alternate lacing included. Embossed logo at heel collar. Italian thermo-rubber treaded outsole.ID&C says hello!
ID&C opened its doors in 2016 as a cutting-edge credential and RFID security company. Our original focus was on festivals and live events, but after launching our hospitality division we really started to disrupt the hotel and resort industry, with revolutionary access and security solutions! We have created a variety of RFID options that already work with the current door lock manufacturers on property. Our products can be used for room and amenities access, cashless payments, and brand awareness. We pride ourselves on working with our customers' direct needs and budget everytime.Deal: Buy a Galaxy smartphone from Sprint and get Galaxy Tab E free
Sprint is currently running a promotion where-in the carrier is offering free Samsung Galaxy Tab E on the purchase of select Galaxy smartphones - the list includes Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S7, and Galaxy S7 edge.
.
Related
Reader comments
- Anonymous
not if you intended to buy a a data plan anway.
- 04 Jul 2016
- nGx
- Truth
That 2 year agreement requires a 1gb data plan @ $15/mo. That's way more than the $79.99 retail price of the tablet. No deal
- 04 Jul 2016
- Ibx
- Anonymous
but why would someone buys 2 Android at same time?
- 04 Jul 2016
- uvAAre you thinking …will she just figure this out?
I had an exasperated parent approach me last week desperately wanting to know, WHAT IS THE ANSWER TO ALL THIS SOCIAL MEDIA DRAMA because it’s not going away!
Even though her daughter is in high school now, the high-high’s and low-lows continue – and it’s become a constant power struggle.
Her frustration was palpable, and it makes my heart hurt because it’s a REAL problem for parents right now.
If you’re like most, the hope that your daughter WILL JUST FIGURE OUT how to deal with her social media accounts may be your only anchor.
Whether your daughter is STABLE or STRUGGLING right now, if she’s going to develop the resiliency skills she needs to manage her world, she needs to be willing to look at what’s going on in her mind.
Unfortunately, mindset management isn’t taught in school.
And, your daughter may be going about this the HARD WAY – because constantly looking at images that create uncertainty or emotional unrest is challenging – and exhausting.
So, I’m curious …
Have you noticed what happens for your daughter when a friend doesn’t respond the way she would or how she believes they should?
Does your daughter usually BELIEVE the things she hears and see’s to be true?
Does she know how to effectively work through the process of distilling facts from interpretation?
Whether she’s sharing her feelings and experiences with you – if she’s like other teens – when painful emotions start to pile up, she’s going to look for ways to block the discomfort.
You may see this in the form of:
- Binging on Netflix, YouTube, or video games
- Using food for comfort, leading to weight gain
- Oversharing on social media, looking for validation
- Turning to substances, like vaping/juuling, marijuana, alcohol
The hard part is, your daughter doesn’t realize that she’s chasing a FEELING STATE that’s not going to come from an external source.
These distraction techniques can lead to harmful, unhealthy neuropathways (patterns) as her brain develops.
So, YES, it gets messy.
Thankfully, there are ways to prevent the highs and lows and strategies to help your daughter FIGURE IT OUT.
Here’s your challenge …
Choose one or two resources or strategies that fit your parenting style and put them into practice.
Approach this challenge as if you’re building a 100-piece puzzle.
Try looking for what’s works – those are your corners pieces.
Then, add on slowly, noticing if your approach fits, or if you’re just trying to make it work.
If you’re not sure how to put your ideas or strategies into practice – that’s where I come in.
Are you ready to enjoy the limited time you have right now, while your daughter is home?
Shoot me an email today, shawna@nullcultivatingresilientteens.com or grab a spot on my calendar
I can’t wait to watch you and your daughter create the connection and harmony you deserve.
—
If you’re in the Boulder/Denver area, get your ticket for the Parent Engagement Network’s 3rd Annual Stress and Anxiety Symposium on Saturday, January 26th and 27th.
On Sunday, I’ll be offering a Rapid Response Guide for Parents of Teens and Preteens because parents of teens need strategies and tools that are available and ready to go.
In this one-hour workshop I’ll teach you 3 simple go-to steps that will leave you feeling calm, confident and emotionally available for your teen.
Take a look – here are 45 different Workshops to choose from:BuckTracker: Brett Favre, From One Field to Another
Unless you’ve been sleeping under a pile of deerskins, you already know NFL legend Brett Favre has retired. So why...
Unless you’ve been sleeping under a pile of deerskins, you already know NFL legend Brett Favre has retired. So why is this beat-to-death news appearing in Buck Tracker? Because the man is a whitetail freak.
Oh, I loved Favre for the same reasons everyone else did. He was tough, he played with the zeal of a teenager, and he conducted himself like a gentleman. And, of course, he was a Packer. As a Wisconsin native who grew up in the Lombardi era, I didn’t so much choose to be a Packer fan as I had it bottle-fed to me. So Favre kept the fun in cheering for the Green & Gold…though I’ll have to admit I never missed a Sunday afternoon in the deer woods to do that.
And now Favre won’t have to, either. While most folks concentrate on Favre’s on-field stats, Wisconsin’s 700,000 deer hunters recognized something equally important – he was one of them. If there was time after a Sunday home game, or if the team had a Monday off, Brett was in a tree stand with a bow in his hands.
Coincidentally, the central Wisconsin farm Favre hunted lies not far from the Bestul family homestead. In fact, an area game warden was the guy who registered Favre’s deer when he was successful. It did my heart good to know that one of the NFL’s biggest guns loved deer hunting in the same woods that taught me to love the whitetail.
So No. 4 will now chase deer in the woods of his native Mississippi. We’re gonna miss him here up north next fall – though probably for different reasons than the rest of the nation. And though I’m sure Brett will have his share of Sundays when he misses his old job, I’m betting the deer woods will provide sufficient therapy.: Amazing 'swim' inside the body during biopsies!
James Olstein beautifully illustrates these odd facts, and more, in a retro-inspired, quirky style. His designs aren't meant to be taken literally, but you'll laugh-out-loud when you see a walking trashcan and wind towers made of carrots! Prepare to laugh, marvel and learn. Being a geek has never been so cool.
Tagged inventors and inventions and scienceWhy Handwritten Notes are Excellent Tools for Political Campaigns
Political campaigns have fully-embraced modern marketing principles, leveraging content, social media, email, PPC, and the full suite of digital marketing tools. Simultaneously, they’re still using classic marketing channels such as direct mail, television, radio, and print advertising.
However, one tactic, which has been around nearly as long as politics, is largely ignored. And that’s unfortunate because handwritten notes for political campaigns are a powerful way for candidates to build relationships with their current or potential constituents.
SEE ALSO: Gratitude is a Business Strategy
Politics is personal. It deals with issues that deeply affect citizen’s lives. When voters are considering who to support at the polls, they’re more likely to favor candidates that they feel understand them — those with whom they have a personal relationship.
It’s challenging to build that sort of rapport using impersonal television ads or generic postcard flyers. Handwritten notes are much more immediate. They’re an intimate form of communication, sent directly from one person to another. They demonstrate to the recipient that the sender cared enough about them to invest the time in putting pen to paper.
And when a politician feels like they’re speaking directly to you, you’re far more likely to listen to what they have to say.
SEE ALSO: Ways to Thank Someone For Offering Help
Grassroots Activists Are Bringing Handwritten Notes Back into Politics
Grassroots campaigns frequently don’t have access to the resources and funding available to major party candidates. They need to be more creative with their communications, making the most of the volunteer labor at their disposal.
Telephone banks are a common tactic for grassroots organizations, allowing volunteers to reach individual voters directly with a minimum investment. Unfortunately, mobile technologies like automatic call blocking are reducing the strategy’s effectiveness. In many cases, people simply don’t answer the phone if the number calling them isn’t already in their address book.
In response, many activist efforts on both sides of the aisle have taken to mailing handwritten postcards and letters. Some target friends and family, while others focus on undecided voters.
The process of sending the cards had positive effects on those who received them and the volunteers that generated them, creating positive feelings of engagement with the process and changing a few minds.
SEE ALSO: 5 Opportunities to Send Business Thank You Cards
Most Importantly, Handwritten Notes for Political Campaigns Get Results
Postcard writing works, and the results are compelling. In one randomized study, 1,000 Alabama voters received handwritten letters urging voter participation. The study compared their turnout to a control group of voters that did not receive the letters. Astoundingly, the group that received handwritten notes reported participation rates three points higher than the control group. The handwritten letters helped motivate voters to get involved.
Another study found that handwritten postcards were more effective at increasing voter participation than one of the mainstays of political organizing, door-to-door canvassing. While this tactic hasn’t been used in earnest in a presidential election, it has been successful in several local elections.
One notable example involved Illinois Circuit Court candidates Kent Delgado and Lindsay Hugé. Campaign managers realized that standard mailers weren’t working. They were expensive to produce and mail, and people were simply ignoring them, overloaded as they were by the glut of political advertising.
Handwritten cards, in handwritten envelopes, by contrast, enjoy significantly higher open rates. Voters that received the letters assumed they contained something important and likely something personalized to them. The campaigns enjoyed significant success with the handwritten tactic, but that’s not the end of the story.
What was particularly interesting was that the handwritten cards weren’t actually written by hand. They were created by a machine built to replicate the look and feel of real handwritten cards. But that fact didn’t render the cards less effective. Because voters believed the cards were handwritten, they had a proportional emotional reaction.
Simply Noted uses similar machines to create handwritten cards for customers worldwide, but we take the process a step further.
Instead of printers, our handwriting machines use real ballpoint pens. This grants our cards an authenticity that’s peerless in the industry. You can see and feel the impression left in the paper by the pen. It’s a subtle touch that printers can’t replicate. Political campaigns and grassroots organizations looking to capitalize on handwritten notes’ power would do well to take advantage of our services.
“Handwritten letters helped motivate voters to get involved.”
Why Handwritten Notes Are So Effective
We mentioned earlier that handwritten notes had never been tried in a meaningful way during a presidential election. That’s changing in 2020.
A collection of political action groups pooled their resources to create a massive stockpile of handwritten letters that will be mailed in early October, as this post is being written. It’s too early to gauge the results, but the project’s organizers are highly optimistic about its chances.
It’s not necessary to agree with their politics to appreciate the effectiveness of the technique. Swing Left is one of the groups participating. Ethan Todras-Whitehill, the group’s executive director sums it up this way:
SEE ASLO: Everything You Wanted to Know About Bulk Mailing in 2020
“What would you do if you got a handwritten letter in the mail? You’d open it! [We’ll] get world-class open rates. It sort of forces you to engage. There’s a visceral thing about it.”
A handwritten, hand-addressed letter virtually leaps out of recipients’ mailboxes in a world dominated by email, text messages, and junk mail. It’s an unusual luxury that people rarely see anymore. It begs you to open it, and people do. By some estimates, handwritten notes enjoy a 99% open rate!
Pair excellent open rates with a handwritten letter’s ability to make a personal connection with its reader, and the format is tailormade for political campaigns. Candidates can virtually guarantee recipients will read their messages, giving them a fair chance to sway voters.
If you work with a political action committee or a campaign, give us a call to discuss what automated, handwritten notes can do for you. Simply Noted can create cards in any volume required. Our handwriting machines will hand-address your envelopes, and then we’ll put them in the mail.
You don’t have to worry about managing hundreds of volunteers. Our machines can work 24-hours a day for you, getting the word out about your candidate or issue. Let us show you the power of handwritten notes for political campaigns.
Simply Noted
In Philadelphia, spin the giant dial, find life guidance
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Candy Chang’s public art pieces more than please the eye. They demand dialogue and encourage conversations. Her best-known project, “Before I die,” was duplicated in 1,000 cities in 70 countries as thousands of people chalked their hopes and dreams on walls and fences.
Her latest work, unveiled in Philadelphia on Thursday, is an interactive mural that invites people to think of their biggest challenges and then use the mural to find guidance to move forward.
The work features a 6-foot dial that visitors are encouraged to twirl while thinking of their challenges. The spinner will stop at a number corresponding with one of the stories on either side of the dial that represent lessons from the I Ching, one of the world’s oldest books of wisdom. A guide to the symbols in another part of the mural allows people to then interpret the wheel’s message as they desire.
“I’m interested in how public space can provide value to people and help them make sense of the beauty and tragedy of life,” said Chang, who lives in New Orleans. “Creating emotional spaces where people can be honest and vulnerable can lead to trust and understanding. Making better places can help us become our best selves.”
James Johnson, 43, out on a lunch break, was one of the first to give the wheel a try. He was directed to story #14, “The Lucky Ones,” which says in part, “Our greatest fortune is the virtue of our actions and the depth of our relationships.” Johnson said the message did apply to his question, which he didn’t disclose.
“This is like fortune cookies or a fortune teller. It’s just a good way to get you to think differently,” said Johnson, who said he would recommend friends try the wheel “not necessarily for the advice. It’s just cool.”
Tatiana DiSanti, 24, wanted guidance as she considers buying a house in a neighborhood real estate agents would describe as “up and coming.” Story #5, “The Rain,” noted: “Waiting is necessary for reaching any goal, and it is an art . Be present and face your difficulties without wishful thinking.”
The words gave DiSanti pause: Was that telling her to hold off on her purchase or was it advising her to face her challenges? She decided she’d bring her father, who was coming to visit to discuss the home purchase, to the wheel when he arrived.
“It’s a way to find answers to questions all on your own,” she said.
The mural, on busy South Street in downtown Philadelphia, is titled “The Atlas of Tomorrow: A Device for Philosophical Reflections.” It was completed in conjunction with the Porch Light Program, a partnership between the city’s Department of Behavioral Health and Disability Services and the Mural Arts Program. Volunteers joined Chang in finger-painting the black and white piece, making one black dot at a time, about 200,000 total.
“Candy thinks a lot about emotional well-being and public spaces. The connection between those worlds may seem distant, but they’re not,” said Jane Golden, executive director of the Mural Arts Program, which has produced more than 3,000 murals on buildings across the city.
Chang’s work, Golden said, “reimagines what a mural can do.”
Chang’s own struggles have inspired her work. After a friend’s death in 2011, she found herself thinking more about what she wanted to accomplish before her own last breath. “Before I die” was a result of Chang deciding to pose the question to others, as well.
Her Philadelphia mural was also in part inspired by the death of someone close to her. As she often does, Chang found comfort after the tragedy from the guidance and practical insight offered in the I Ching. She wondered if others were suffering in silence and could use some help.
“I’ve gone through depression and when everything and everyone around you seems so happy, it makes you feel even more alone. I want to help people see they’re not alone and that suffering is a natural part of being a human being,” Chang said. “Emotional wellness is often neglected and taboo to discuss. I wanted to improve our public health by embedding it in the city fabric.”Search among our publicly available commercial properties
The search results do not necessarily reflect our current offers since several cases cannot be publicly available due to confidentiality or because of business reasons.
Do not hesitate to contact us
If you have a specific enquiry or if you want to talk about your search criteria and profile, please call +45 33 13 13 99 or send an email to red@red.dk.Shopping centre giant British Land saw almost £600m slashed from the value of its retail property portfolio as it was struck by the current turmoil facing UK retailers.
The operator - which owns sites like Meadowhall in Sheffield - was weighed down by the recent flurry of shop closures and restructurings by major high street retailers in the six months to September.
Other major retail parks its owns includes the Kingston Centre, Milton Keynes, Ealing Broadway in London and Glasgow Fort in Scotland.
The value of British Land's shopping centres, retail parks and shops slid by £599m , or 10.7%, to £4.8bn, significantly widening the company's losses for period.
It saw half-year losses of £440m, compared with a £42m loss in the same six-month period in 2018.
A wave of Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA) restructuring deals have resulted in a raft of rent reductions, while cost rises have also contributed to the collapse of a number of high street retailers, such as Mothercare.
British Land said it expects the retail sector to remain challenging but has seen "early signs that some liquidity may be returning" to some parts of the market.
Chris Grigg, chief executive of the company, which is headquartered in London,.
"In London, we expect the market to remain good, with supply relatively constrained and high quality space, in well-connected, vibrant parts of town continuing to attract demand from a range of businesses."
British Land sold £289m of assets, including £194m it secured from the sale of 12 Sainsbury's supermarkets, in a bid to bolsters its accounts.
It added that it plans to reduce the size of its retail portfolio as shoppers continue to turn online for their purchases.Get Print and Digital Ads and Directory Listing
You have the power to help propel the Ayrshire breed to its rightful place in the dairy industry. All it takes is purchasing a membership in Ayrshire Ambassadors Cooperative for a mere $100. That’s right—we’ve lowered our current breeder and Ayrshire club membership fee from $250 to just $100 per year! Retired breeders can join for just $50 and students pay $25.
By purchasing a $100 membership, you get:
- A business card-size ad in a year's worth of editions of Ayrshire Ambassadors Quarterly, which goes to more than 200 Ayrshire breeders and enthusiasts in the U.S. and is shared on our growing Facebook page
- An ad published on our website,, and in our emails
- A listing in our directory of farms
In the past, we’ve relied on word of mouth to market the merits of our breed, but now is the time to invest in the future of our cows, our farms, and our businesses. You can help secure a bright future for Ayrshires and all breeders, while earning valuable promotion for your farm, by becoming part of this historic cooperative.
Without your support, we can't continue to promote the breed through this website or our quarterly publication.
Join today at a new low membership rate.
Looking for other opportunities? You can advertise in an upcoming edition of Ayrshire Ambassadors Quarterly. Contact Leah Grubb at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or (814) 237-0481 Ext. 135 to place your ad.Cybersex chat is one of the most popular activities on the internet today. Chat rooms exist across the website for cybersex chat, whether they are specific cybersex sites or other chat sites. For some cybersex is just a release, for others they are more interested in dating a cam girl.
Dating a cam girl is not like a traditional relationship. Want to know what it is like? Take a look at some of these benefits of dating cam girls for cybersex chat.
No Strings Attached
The biggest benefit of dating a cam girl on a cam sex site is to enjoy a no strings attached relationship. Because these are internet online relationships and are partially based on the cam girls enjoying their jobs, there are no strings attached. You can come and go with the relationship at any point. Another benefit to no strings attached is that certain things, like having to schedule date nights and relationship formalities are not always attached if you don't want them to be.
No strings attached relationships also means that you are free to see more than one cam girl if you want. Along the same lines, you can continue to see people in the real world too. You can have dates with women in your area then come home to have a date with your cam girl if that is what pleases you.
Custom Tailored Relationship
Cam girl relationships are quite unique. They are one of both fun and business. Sure many cam girls do what they do for the money but they also choose their profession because it can be enjoyable at the same time it is work. This unique style of work makes them motivated to try new things and be in a relationship that really meets their needs.
When approaching a cam girl about cam girl dating, talk to them about what they like. Trying to find a relationship that both of you like will be the most enjoyable as that way you can both have fun. However, in the end, many cam girls will work with you to get the relationship you want. In other words, a custom-tailored relationship.
A fact that quite often surprises people is that not all cam girls are on the websites just to get naked. Many of them are interested in a variety of different things. Even the ones that are on there for more than just cam sex, will often have cam sex. Be aware though that there are some cam girls that will never get nude on cam and are there for other kinds of fun.
Very Few Limits
Limits in a traditional relationship are activities or actions that you do not want to engage in. There are typically two forms of limits, a soft limit and a hard limit. A hard limit is something that you will not do under any circumstances. A soft limit is an activity you will consider or that has to be approached slowly.
When you are having a cybersex encounter, the person you are with is far more open to exploring different acts for a variety of reasons. For one, they are doing the activities over the internet which makes a lot of people more comfortable. Also cam girls are doing what they do for fun and as a job, which means that they are more motivated to push their limits.
Remember, you also have limits. While in most cases the cam model is more submissive, this is not always the truth. There are a lot of non-submissive or switch cam models out there that you might encounter. Whether the model is going to be submissive or not though, your limits matter, and make sure that you have an idea of what your limits are before going in.
As always, it is a good idea to have a discussion about limits before any kind of play. Better yet, the best idea is to discuss limits before you even start dating or moving further with a cam girl. If a cam girl has a limit on something that you really enjoy, it might be best to look to another model for fun.
Limits don't just refer to the limits of what a person wants to do and what they don't want to do. By interacting on cam, role play and other activities that would normally be limited by the physical world are somewhat laxer. It is much easier to let your imagination go and enjoy the experience. You can also add toys, effects, and more with computers, making the experience unique.
Lots of Fish in the Sea
Just like dating in the physical world, dating cam girls come with a wide variety of options. In fact, there are often more options for you when it comes to cam girls as their job is to be there to provide you with a good time. Since it is their job they are more open to dating those who want to start a relationship. You also have the fact that you aren't limited to people near you, with cam site dating you can interact with cam girls from around the world.
Cam girls are also open to having numerous relationships. If you are interested in a cam girl, her dating someone else is not a deal-breaker. Just like you have no strings attached, they do too. While that may be odd to first-timers but you will quickly learn to enjoy the fun that that fact brings.
Physical Distance
Cam girls are on the internet, meaning that there is a physical separation from you and the model. Having such a distance can greatly benefit a relationship. Everyone needs some time to themselves to decompress. It also means that you don't have to worry about planning your schedule around someone else's. You can do what you want, when you want.
Many people, not just men, want such a relationship as it can be quite relaxing. This kind of relationship can be quite hard to find and dating a cam model on a cybersex website can be one of the best ways to engage in such a relationship.
Cybersex chat on cybersex sites can be quite a fun experience. A wide variety of different activities take place, with some of them being one time encounters and others being more serious or long term fun. We highly recommend that anyone interested in having a cybersex relationship give it a try. There is no harm to it and these relationships are becoming more and more acceptable around the world. You also never know what you will find as you journey into the world of cybersex.
One tip to look to before we leave though. Take a good amount of time to find a cybersex site that is good for you. As we mentioned, there are a lot of options out there but not all of those options are built the same. Some cybersex sites are full of scammers or charge you way more money than you would ever need to pay. A small amount of research can help ensure you find a cam girl that is perfect for you. Or even multiple cam girls.Scientists can make some pretty accurate forecasts about the future. But predicting what the Earth will be like 500 years from now is a difficult task because there are many factors at play. Imagine Christopher Columbus in 1492 trying to predict the Americas of today!
We do know that two main types of processes change our planet: One involves natural cycles, like the way the planet rotates and moves around the Sun, and the other is caused by life forms, especially humans.
The Earth itself is on the move
The Earth is constantly changing.
It wobbles, the angle of its tilt changes and even its orbit changes to bring the Earth closer to or farther from the Sun. These changes happen over tens of thousands of years, and they have been responsible for ice ages.
Five hundred years isn’t very long in terms of geology.
[embedded content]
How Earth’s orbit affects life on the surface of the planet.
Humans are changing the planet
The second big influence on the planet is living things. The effects of life on the planet are harder to predict. Disrupting one part of an ecosystem can knock a lot of other things off kilter.
Humans in particular are changing the Earth in many ways.
They cut down forests and break up important wildlife habitats to build cities and grow crops. They move invasive species around the planet, disrupting ecosystems.
They also contribute to global warming. People are causing the climate to change, mostly by burning fossil fuels that release more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere than the planet and atmosphere can handle.
[embedded content]
How humans are contributing to global warming.
Normally, greenhouse gases trap heat from the Sun the way the glass of a greenhouse does, keeping Earth warmer than it would be otherwise. That can be useful – until we get too much.
The result of too much carbon dioxide is that temperatures rise, and that can lead to dangerously hot summer days and melting ice in Greenland and Antarctica. Melting ice sheets raise the oceans, causing coastal areas to flood.
That’s what Earth is facing right now. These changes could lead to a very different planet in 500 years, depending in large part on how willing humans are to change their ways. A warming planet can also contribute to extreme weather like heat waves, storms and droughts that can change the land. All of Earth’s living forms are at risk.
Learning from the past 500 years
Looking back at the past 500 years, the living part of the Earth, called the biosphere, has changed dramatically.
The number of humans has increased from around 500 million people to over 7.5 billion today. More than 800 plant and animal species have become extinct because of human activities over that period. As the human population grows, other species have less space to roam. Sea level rise means even less land, and rising temperatures will send many species migrating to better climates.
Not all of Earth’s changes are caused by humans, but humans have worsened some of them. A major challenge today is getting people to stop doing things that create problems, like burning fossil fuels that contribute to climate change. This is one global problem that requires countries worldwide and the people within them to work toward the same goal.
Getting back to Christopher Columbus, he probably couldn’t have imagined a highway full of cars or a mobile phone. Technology will no doubt improve over the next 500 years, too. But so far, tech solutions haven’t scaled up fast enough to solve climate change. To keep doing the same things and expect someone else to fix the mess later would be a risky, expensive gamble.
So, the Earth in 500 years may be unrecognizable. Or, if humans are willing to change their behaviors, it may persist with its vibrant forests, oceans, fields, and cities for many more centuries, along with its most successful residents, humankind.
Written by:
- Michael A. Little – Professor Emeritus of Anthropology, Binghamton University, State University of New York
- William D. MacDonald – Professor Emeritus, Department of Geological Sciences, Binghamton University, State University of New York
This article was first published in The Conversation.
Source: SciTechDailySo here we are again. It’s another year, and we’ve already knocked over the first quarter. Can you believe it? With barely a thought for the year that was, we’re back to the 50+ hour work weeks – paying bills, fixing things around the house we said we’d fix over the holidays, and running kids to concerts, parties or after-school activities.
Our New Year’s resolutions have gasped their last, and we’re back to questioning our lives and the meaning of it all (if there even is one). We feel that subtle heaviness – the fear that things won’t change even though we want them to.
I’ve been here many times, mostly during my late thirties and early forties. As a much younger man, though, it was very different. The arrival of each year filled me with unassailable optimism. I’d tell myself that this was my year. This year, I would become the change I sought.
But as I got older, each new year took on a darker hue, like those lugubrious winter days when the sun stays behind a veil of brooding clouds. I’d tried and failed at so many things – sometimes spectacularly – that each time I threw out a calendar, it became harder to find a silver lining.
After many years of this cycle, I slowly learned something. I learned that everything has an end, whether that thing is good or bad. Bad relationships end. Winning streaks fizzle. Good economies crash and bad ones recover.
And so a few years ago, I made a deliberate decision to turn things around. You can read about much of it in my other posts on my other site, but suffice to say, once I made the decision that today was ‘Day One’, things began to change.
What you Say vs What you Mean
Nowadays, I’m super intentional about the decisions I make – especially about the things I want and don’t want. And I’ve learned that what I say I want is often just a thin veneer covering something deeper, and much simpler.
I’ve since adopted a simple phrase, “So that…”, and it has transformed how I make decisions and with it, my life.
When a decision comes before me, I always carry it through to its conclusion with a series of brutally honest ‘so that’s’. can earn more money
- So that… I can buy a Mercedes
- So that… I look cool to others
- So that… I feel like I’m winning
- So that… all those years of work are rewarded
- So that… I fulfill my dream of ‘living the good life’
Once I’ve made it to the end, I then ask a simple question: “Will this deliver the final outcome I seek?” In this case, it’s item number 6.
If the outcome of the above example is, ‘living the good life,’ then the answer to the question might actually be ‘No’. I’ll explain why in a minute.
As I’ve said before, the thousands of marketing messages we see every day teach us that the only path to the life we seek is to buy our way there or give up huge chunks of our life. Usually it’s both.
The sad thing is, few of us question it because we’re all doing it.
The Six Costs of What You Want
Every decision has multiple costs, and we’d be wise to consider all of them each time we’re about to make one.
-.
Sure, I’ve made less money than I might have, but I’ve always been there for my kids (I still am), and that’s worth a lot more to me than a fancy job with a fancy title and lots of money. It just is.
Like most things, though, I learned this the hard way.
The Lust for Money
The first time was over 20 years ago. I was lured by a fancy guy in a really fancy suit to head up a new franchise at a car dealership.
He took me out to lunch and told me how wonderful my life would be. The money would flow, accolades would tumble from the heavens and supermodels would beg me for my number.
Almost none of that is true, but the offer did come with an immediate 50% pay rise, a new car and a dose of extra status.
There were two problems. The location was an extra hour from home. Also, the owner was a lunatic. I discovered this important fact on day-one when he blasted me for leaning against a desk in the new, as yet unfinished showroom.
Three days later, I realised what a horrible mistake I’d made and I quit. work arrangements.
What I learned from all this, and through the 10 years that followed (I’m a slow learner), is that the things I wanted all came with multiple prices.
I also learned that the things I wanted could be acquired through means that didn’t conform to societal norms. In other words, I didn’t have to give up as much as everyone said – I didn’t have to pay three or four different prices for everything.
This is where you come in. I mightn’t know exactly what you want, but I reckon I can guess a few of them – at least in broad terms. see this as an indulgence. If you can spend weeks planning a holiday but won’t devote a day (or even half a day) to figuring out what you really want from your life,.
Recommended Books
Tribe of Mentors – by Tim Ferriss
The Power of Now – by Eckhart Tolle
The Art of Non-Conformity – by Chris Guillebeau
The Element – by Sir Ken Robinson
Choose Yourself – by James Altucher
Debt Free in 3 Simple Steps – by Peter Fritz
Side Hustle – by Chris Guillebeau
Recommended Article
What should I do with my life? These 8 questions will tell
The Meaning of Life – 9 Ideas on Meaning &_3<<
Institute of Administration
Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria - Nigeria
Prominent Saudi universities would want to build strong collaborations with Ahmadu Bello University because of its considerable standing in teaching and research, the Consul-General, Royal Consulate General of Saudi Arabia, Kano, Khalil Ahmed Admawi, has disclosed.
The Consul-General made the disclosure today when he paid a familiarisation visit to Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, where he had an interaction with the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Kabiru Bala, in his office.
Admawi, who led a three-man delegation to the University from the Saudi Consulate in Kano, said it was a “great pleasure” for him to have visited Ahmadu Bello University for the first time.
He said that long before his coming to Nigeria to serve as a diplomat he had been hearing about ABU’s greatness as clearly manifested in the quality of products produced by the institution over the years.
The Consul-General also explained that his visit to ABU was primarily to acquaint himself with the institution, and to subsequently link many Saudi universities with Ahmadu Bello University for possible collaboration on various academic fields.
Admawi, who expressed immense appreciation to the Vice-Chancellor for the warm reception accorded him and his entourage, further said that the visit would open more doors for different academic linkages between ABU and Saudi academic institutions.
Receiving the Consul-General, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Kabiru Bala, recalled the kind of relationship ABU had with the Gulf countries at its early years of existence.
Prof. Bala further said that such collaboration ceased to exist with the death of Premier of Northern Nigeria, Sir Ahmadu Bello, the Sardauna of Sokoto, who founded the University in 1962.
“Thereafter, ABU has been trying to resuscitate such collaborations with the Gulf countries. It is my hope that your visit will eventually revive the collaborations not only on Islamic Banking but also on other academic fields”, he said.
The Consul-General and his entourage were later conducted round some places within the University, including Department of Arabic, where he briefly interacted with the Head of Department, Prof. Jafar Abdulmalik and other staff members of the Department.
A renowned Islamic scholar at the Faculty of Education, Federal University, Dutse, Jigawa State, Dr. Abubakar Mohammed Sani Birnin Kudu, and Malam Ahmad Idris Yunus, a staff at the Consulate, were part of the Consul-General’s entourage.
--------------------
Public Affairs Directorate,
Office of the Vice-Chancellor,
Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria
Thursday, 18th November, 2021This week, the European Commission presented its new budget proposal of €1,100 billion, along with a €750 billion reconstruction programme to help deal with the impact of the coronavirus. The budget also includes €94.4 billion for Horizon Europe. According to the Commission, this money should be spent primarily on health research, on ‘resilience in Europe’, and on the digital and green transitions.
Tough talk
At the start of this year, shortly before the coronavirus reached Europe, the European budget was already the subject of some tough talking in Brussels. Back then, the European Commission was already proposing to earmark €94 billion for Horizon Europe, as well as 1.11 percent of GDP for the entire EU budget.
But the ‘stingy four’ - the Netherlands, Austria, Sweden and Denmark - opposed spending any more than 1 percent of GDP on the EU. There were already fears that the Horizon Europe budget would be whittled down to a much lower €75 billion.
So what now?
The question is how the Netherlands will respond to the new budget proposals. Minister of Finance Wopke Hoekstra had previously announced his own recovery programme proposals for member states hit the hardest by the coronavirus. It is not inconceivable that the Netherlands will dig its heels in once again.
Dutch MEP Lara Wolters (Labour Party) believes that in Horizon Europe, the European Commission is correctly prioritising health, the digital transition and the climate crisis. The role of research and innovation will be crucial in these areas, she believes. ‘I’m pleased to see the European Commission taking the first step in this area. And when it comes to research and innovation, the Netherlands traditionally benefits more than most from European funding. I hope the government will recognise this and spare the Horizon programme.’4 days ago Thinking of investing in a conveyor belt for your assembly line? Roller Bed Conveyor Belts | Elixir Industrial Equipment Supplier Philippines.Get Price
Belt Conveyors are material handling systems that use continuous belts to They are used widely in agricultural appliions, from use in farm machinery likeGet Price
11 Aug 2013 A decided change in current materials-handling systems seems inevitable to keep up with fast-moving moles newsletter icon. History at yourGet Price
10 May 2019 Modern conveyors with advanced features make production run smoothly for the evolution of conveyors and other machinery for a long, long time. There is now a wide variety of conveyors from simple belt conveyors toGet Price
One of the basic tools in material handling industry, belt conveyors are most commonly used in transportation of bulk materials (grain, salt, coal, ore, sand, etc. ).Get Price
Phoenix Conveyor Belt Systems has produced conveyor belt design, which include world records such as the strongest belts, both textile and steel cord,Get Price
From auto parts to grain, these pieces of machinery can move a wide range of materials. As intriguing as the function of conveyor belts is, the history of material-Get Price
24 Jul 2013 As many aspects of production change, conveyor belts are ubiquitous in mass production processes. A Highly Adaptable Machine. A conveyorGet Price
Conveyor belts have been an industrial staple since being introduced in the late 19th century. While we generally credit Henry Ford for his use of the conveyorGet Price
Once the industrial revolution started in the late 1800s, conveyors were powered by simple machines powered by simple engines. Conveyors started to gain inGet Price
1945, Expropriation and dismantling of machines, production went on with 1964, „Segeltuchindustrie Meerane“, manufacturing of conveyor belts based onGet Price
Easily find conveyor belt manufacturers that offer durable solutions here on this site. Their wide range of optional equipment is listed at competitive prices. History. Manufacturers first began using conveyor belt systems at the tail-end of theGet Price
A Conveyor Belt is the carrying medium of a belt conveyor system A belt conveyor system is 1 Overview; 2 History; 3 Structure; 4 Appliions. 4.1 Long Integration of Human-Machine Interface(HMI) to operate the conveyor system is in theGet Price
Aug 15, 2016 - Explore BRECOflex CO., L.L.C.'s board "conveyor belt" on Pinterest. Conveyor, and Retrieval Conveyors from your source for your material handling equipment. The History of the Conveyor #infographic # History #ConveyorGet Price
15 Nov 2017 A Brief History of Conveyor Belts There Uses as Mining Equipment Published in: Business. 1 Comment; 0 Likes; Statistics; Notes.Get Price
In fact, various sources point to 1795 as the year when conveyors first appeared. These early conveyors were short, made from leather belts and wooden beds,Get Price
15 Jun 2010 Early Use of Conveyor Systems. Conveyor systems have been in use for over a century. Farmers used conveyor belts to load grain on ships asGet Price
As a unique company worldwide we produce conveyor belts from plastic and metal. Furthermore, we work closely with machine manufacturers in order to offerGet Price
22 Feb 2019 Here is a brief glimpse into the history and evolution of conveyor belt labour, Sutcliffe also invented the world's first coal-cutting machine.Get Price
10 May 2019 Modern conveyors with advanced features make production run smoothly for the evolution of conveyors and other machinery for a long, long time. There is now a wide variety of conveyors from simple belt conveyors toGet Price(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Telangana army Selections in Kothagudem – Army rally Registration and Online application
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Online Applications open for Warangal Recruitment rally 2016 Click Here
Indian Army invite to recruitment rally for 10 district of Telangana State . Who are interested younger people Apply Online applications and Registration in army official website. Below mention Telangana 10 Districts Eligible Candidates names registration online .MAHABUBNAGAR , KHAMMAM , RANGAREDDY, HYDERABAD, NALGONDA, ADILABAD , NIZAMABAD , KARIMNAGAR, WARANGAL and MEDAK Districts will commence at prakasam stadium, Kothagudem Khammam District (Telangana) from 04-01-2016 to 15-01-2016 Registration and online application for the rally will open from 20-11-2015 to 19-12-2015. All desiring and elgible candidates are mandatorily required to fill inthe online application form to participate in the rally. candidates can fill up the application from the official website .
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
* Kothagudem Army Recruitment Notification details Download
* Army Open Rally Recruitment Online Rigistration Click here
* Requirement Certificates Download
* Kakinada Army Open Rally Recruitment Here
* Kadapa Army Recruitment 2016 Selection Process Download New
* Warangal Army OPen Rally Recruitment 2016 Notification Details
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});Electronics > Metrology
Spread sheet aided calculation for standard resistor measurement
(1/4) > >>
zlymex:
Spread sheet aided calculation for standard resistor measurement
Precise calculation is required when come to the measurement of standard resistors. The attached spread sheet will help in doing so. It also serves as a documentation for your tests. For the mathematical minded, you can look into the equations to see/verify how they calculated.
Note: when you measure an unknown resistor, you effectively compare it against a standard, whether the standard is explicitly sit there as a stand alone device, or embedded in the instrument you use. When you measure the unknown against the standard, you actually calibrate you unknown, or you transfer to the unknown. The uncertainty of the unknown will be the uncertainty of your standard 'plus' the uncertainty of your transfer/test, thus you cannot get a better uncertainty result than the standard even your transfer is perfect.
Standard resistors on their own are not ideal, there are some changing factors such as long term drift and temperature dependency. We have no ability to control the time, and not many of us have temperature stabilized lab or air bath. Variations resulting from aging and temperature must be taken into account to achieve the best results.
If your equipment is good, you have a good standard(may be borrowed), and the measurement is good, but the calculation is short or incomplete, the result will be ruined. In order to prevent that, here are some of the necessary procedures:
1. The initial calibrated data of the standard resistor must be known. There is a piece of paper inside the cover of any SR104 for instance.
2. A recent calibration is necessary in order to know the average anual drift. This also served as the most updated information for the standard.
3. Your 'measurement' is the comparison of the unknown Rx against the Standard Rs.
For example, by using an 3458A to measure the unknown, you got Rxm=1000.155 Ohm, this is not the result of Rx. You have to measure the Standard as the comparent.
You substitute the unknown with the standard, measure again, you got Rsm=10000.123 Ohm, this is again not the result of Rs. However, the difference(Rxm-Rsm = 0.032 Ohm) is much more important, which will be used to calculate the final result of Rx.
If your standard was calibrated as 10000.002, then the Rx would be Rx=Rs+(Rxm-Rsm) = 10000.002+0.032 = 10000.034, correct?
Well, if there is no aging of the standard, and no temperature variations, it's correct. But if not, you can refer to the spread sheet for the right calculation.
4. Type in the measurement data into the spread sheet in light-green-background cells, the result will come out at yellow-background cells.
Apart from the measurement related calculations, an internal temperature calculation for SR104 is also provided.
Edit: I found out an error in the spread sheet, and upload again. If your download is before the data/time I edited the thread, please re-download. Sorry for the inconvenient.
ManateeMafia:
Thanks for the spreadsheet. It should come in handy this summer.
quarks:
Hello zlymex,
in your spreadsheet you have different alpha and beta values.
Are these values expected to change?
Or is this because of measurement uncertainty?
bye
quarks
TiN:
Yay, can I steal this one too? :)
zlymex:
--- Quote from: TiN on March 23, 2016, 09:16:44 am ---Yay, can I steal this one too? :)
--- End quote ---
Sure >:D
Navigation
[0] Message Index
[#] Next page$95.00
Lead time: 1 to 3 business days
Details:
This solid style design is a perfect grounding layer for a variety of furnishings. The Piedmont Park rug embodies character flair with the thick border added for definition. Rendered in soft hues, the solid design plays well against patterns and prints, and beautifully echoes complementary colors. The 100% wool pile is hand loomed for softness and subtle texture. Intricately crafted beneath the delicate care of a weaver's hand, this flawlessly fashioned piece is sure to highlight the already dazzling design found within your home décor. Woven together making sure to dedicate hours to ensuring its!United Arab Emirates Dirham to Russian Rouble Spot Exchange Rates for 2015
Sign up for free AED RUB rate alerts or just get daily/weekly rates and news to your inbox?
AED RUB Historical Chart for Year 2015
Choose alternative years (2010 onwards): 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021
Would you like to INVERT currencies?
Russian Rouble to United Arab Emirates Dirham history
Or perhaps visit the currency HOME PAGES?
United Arab Emirates Dirham and Russian Rouble
Below is a table showing 365 days of historical exchange rates data for the year of 2015, covering the United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) to Russian Rouble (RUB) conversion.
Converting United Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) to Russian Rouble : 13.3992 RUB, Highest exchange rate in 2015: 19.9394 RUB, Average exchange rate in 2015: 16.6826 RUBcelia jacqueline king is an inter-disciplinary artist, international award-winning published author, curator and producer; her print artists books, sculptural books and video book media exhibited in Italy, Japan, Canada and USA. Published by Chronicle Books, San Francisco and Raincoast Books, Vancouver, she has appeared with CBC, Vancouver International Writer's Festival, Knowledge Network, and received awards from BC Book Awards and Bologna Book Fair, the Critici in Erba. She has curated and produced many group exhibitions in Vancouver, in artists book media, visual and installation arts, media and performance, with the A440Hz Project, New Forms Festival, Word on the Street and Emily Carr University. An Honours Graduate of ECUAD in Interdisciplinary Fine Art and Alumni Emily Award 2000, she has created curriculum at ECU in Book Media, Photography, Foundation, Continuing Studies, Illustration and Communication Design.
© Emily Carr University of Art + Design 2021 Emily Carr University of Art + Design is a full member of Universities CanadaI’m stuck. I’m stuck in this weird place where I can’t get a daily practice going again because I’ve got new social obligations that I’m not used to having, but all my social obligations are tied to actually practicing.
I’m reminded of the saying “if you have time, you should meditate for half an hour every day. If you don’t, you should meditate for an hour”. Easier said than done, but I’ve found truth in it before. It looks like I may have to start losing some sleep in the short term to build long term balance into my life, which I’ve been shying away from, hoping I could juggle everything long enough for life to slow down. But I don’t think that’s a thing life does, so I guess it’s time to bite the bullet.What makes one dog collar better than the other? There is more to the decision than you might have thought. To facilitate your purchase, I have distilled all the information you require to make the best choice for your dog.
Best Heavy-Duty Collars for Mastiffs
Walking into an aisle of dog collars or browsing a selection online can leave you confused and overwhelmed with so much to choose from. Skip the search because I have done the work for you.
Black Rhino
Trust that I have my reasons for calling this my most favorite heavy-duty collar of all time.
After my Mastiff broke three collars in a month, out of sheer desperation, I ordered a random few of the most-reviewed dog collars and prayed for better luck. And man, did I get lucky.
We have been using the Black Rhino neoprene collar for three months now and couldn’t be happier. So far, it has withstood at least a dozen instances of a 200-pound dog bolting at full speed, and the collar and buckle are still going as strong as ever. Need I say more of the durability?
When it comes to big dogs, the strength of the collar is absolutely critical; these dogs are strong, and their collars need to be stronger if you are to avoid the countless loose-dog hazards. Black Rhino has guaranteed that with its impeccable construction (which, I admit, I have closely observed under a lamp) and use of top-quality material.
My dog and I also love the buckle on this collar. I actively avoid metal buckles because they retain heat and make my dog uncomfortable during training on sunny days. However, most of the alternatives to metal that I bought broke down in just a matter of hours – or at best, a few days. This one is an exception that offered both comfort and strength.
I did observe that the collar runs a little small, so play safe and order one size up. Adjusting a bigger size to the dog’s neck is far more comfortable compared to being on the last grommet on a smaller size, anyway.
Yunlep Adjustable Tactical Dog Collar
One of my dogs has been wearing this gorgeous collar for two years now, and she still doesn’t fail to get compliments for it. The hardware and customizable name patch is just one part of it, though. Yunlep really outdid themselves with this product which both works and looks great.
Even after two years of extensive use, the material has not frayed, and the buckle remains secure. I particularly love how there is no fading or tarnishing even after all the swimming this collar has been through. The collar does not chafe at all, and the handle attached also offers added control during hikes and walks. I would go as far as saying that this is as good as a harness when it comes to control. I wanted to buy this collar for other dogs as well, but it only fit the big ones. And that is the only wish this collar left unfulfilled for me.
Tuff Pupper
I got the red variant of this, and let me just say; it made my 5-year-old Bullmastiff look oh-so-handsome. It isn’t all about the looks, though.
My dog did not get bothered by it at all, thanks to the soft material and inner padding. The nylon-neoprene collar is extremely comfortable and not just for the dog. It often rains where we live, and my dogs like to play outside. That means hours of scrubbing out stubborn stains on nylon collars, or even worse, worrying about our expensive leather collars getting wet and dirty. No more!
This Tuff Pupper collar dries up so quickly, and I have still not noticed any dampness or odor in my few months of use. It’s also machine-washable, but because of the metal buckle on it, I opted for handwashing. So, if your dog also gets too dirty too often, go for this collar because it’s that easy to keep clean!
It’s an exceptionally well-built product, but the handle could have been a little less elastic to offer more control. However, since I don’t need that kind of control with my dog, this works just fine for me.
Types of Dog Collars
Everyday Dog Collars
This is the standard dog collar that is worn around the house or on casual walks. Everyday collars are typically manufactured out of nylon, neoprene, or leather and have plastic or metal buckles as fastenings. These collars are designed for dogs that can be kept off leash.
Everyday collars are primarily used to carry dog IDs and for ‘fashion’ purposes. Therefore, the security of the buckle and the design of the collar are often important variables.
Another feature I find extremely valuable in everyday collars is moisture-wicking. These collars, made out of neoprene, are waterproof and quick-drying, which makes them great for dogs living in wet climates or spending a lot of time in the water because the collar will remain dry, odorless, and bacteria-free. Since they are to be worn for long periods of time, everyday collars should also be easy to clean, comfortable to wear, and durable.
Training Dog Collars
Traditional training collars employed inhumane methods of training a dog into obedience and ended up traumatizing the animal. These include shock collars and choke chains, which are now banned across many countries and strongly criticized.
To rectify the situation, modern training collars have been developed to train your dog, but not at the expense of its comfort and safety. These training collars are remote-controlled and send out ‘vibrations’ as a form of discipline.
Sadly enough, even today, some of these training collars come with metal prongs on the inside to prevent the dog from pulling on the collar. This is why critics continue to oppose the use of training collars in any way, and safer alternatives like the Martingale collar have been introduced.
Martingale Dog Collars
Martingale collars are a form of training collars similar to choke chains but more comfortable and relatively safer. The ethicality of these is sometimes debated, but the general opinion is that these are okay to use if used under strict supervision and that too, sparingly.
These collars are half nylon and half chain. The nylon helps protect the dog’s trachea and esophagus in case the dog pulls by cinching up to an extent. Alternatively, to prevent fur from falling out in long-haired dogs, all-fabric Martingales are also available. These don’t have a chain section and are therefore softer.
Alternatives
Harness
Dog harnesses go around the dog’s body instead of the neck, therefore taking the pressure off the neck in case of pulling. They also allow greater control than collars in many cases.
While both harnesses and collars are great tools for walking or managing your dog, they are not exactly ‘perfect alternatives.’ Collars are important for all dogs to be wearing with their IDs at all times and are also inarguably more comfortable than harnesses for that kind of 24/7 wear. On the other hand, harnesses are the better choice for training and controlled walks.
Headcollars
Headcollars control the dog’s head by limiting its range of motion. If the dog cannot move its head too much, it cannot pull on its leash as well. That might sound like good training, but it’s, in fact, the opposite: your dog may never learn to walk on a leash by itself if always kept in a head collar. Moreover, head collars are fairly uncomfortable for the animal.
Over my years of experience with dogs, I have come to learn that head collars are just unnecessary. What looks like a benefit (decreased risk of pulling) is actually poor training. If you really are to use one, try phasing it out sooner than later.
Materials
Nylon Dog Collars
Nylon collars are the most common type of dog collars. Available in a myriad of designs, colors, widths, and price points, nylon collars are typically everyday-use collars.
These are inexpensive, easily available, and widely customizable. With newer materials like neoprene on the block, nylon has become an even more popular material for a dog collar. Nylon and neoprene combine to make some of the best dog collars, which are quick-drying, easy to clean, comfortable to wear, low-maintenance, long-lasting, and great-looking!
Leather (PU Leather)
Leather collars don’t only look great but are also sturdier compared to other materials. Naturally, they are also much pricier.
Some dog owners choose leather collars solely for their visual appeal. While this aesthetic superiority is a perfectly legitimate motive, another reason often pushing us dog owners in the direction of leather collars is a nylon allergy. Albeit uncommon, an allergic reaction to nylon collars is occasionally observed in dogs. Leather collars are your safest, smartest bet in such a scenario.
Do consider that good-quality leather leashes usually come with a heavy price tag. Definitely go for it if you can afford to, but if the price is making you choose between quality or appearance, I strongly advise prioritizing durability over looks.
Neoprene
A soft yet strong rubber material, neoprene is a relatively new medium for dog collars.
Its key selling point is that it is waterproof. This makes it a great choice for dogs that spend time in water; its moisture-wicking feature will keep the collar odor-free and bacteria-free and also keep your dog comfortable. Collars made out of neoprene are soft and limit chafing complaints to a minimum. Neoprene is also good for dogs with skin allergies; however, in case your dog is allergic to nylon, be mindful that neoprene collars are also often reinforced with nylon mesh.
Neoprene collars are priced slightly above regular nylon collars, but with their durability, design, and comfort, they are well worth the premium.
Chains
Some dog owners use chains as leashes, and that is unfortunate, to say the least. People typically resort to the use of chains when the dog develops a pattern of pulling on and breaking off its collar.
However, the solution to that is never a chain: if pulled against enough, the chain can cause irreversible physical damage to the dog, sometimes even causing their eyes to bulge. Common injuries include tracheal damage, cervical damage, muscle injuries, and chafing. This makes chains dangerous, cruel, unethical, and simply a total no-go as a walking or everyday collar. Perhaps the only justifiable use of chains is during supervised training.
Buckles
Dog collars come fitted with either clips or buckles as closure. Buckles are the clear choice for big dogs because they are more secure and hard-wearing. Buckles also permit you to attach your dog’s ID and leash to the collar and will keep them in place. However, keep in mind that in case of an emergency, buckle collars are not quick-release.
Is a Wide Collar Better?
Wide collars are ideal for everyday use, walking, and training. They offer better control, are more secure, and also prevent your dog from injuries. This is especially true for big dogs with large necks.
Firstly, if a dog has a neck wider than its head, it can conveniently slip out of a regular width collar. If the collar is instead wide, the dog will not be able to easily push it over its head. This will keep your dog’s ID and collar safely in place and also help the dog feel more secure.
Similarly, if a dog with a large neck pulls on its regular width collar, all the force applied will be centralized into a thin strip and can even start cutting into the animal’s neck. However, if the collar is wide, the tension will be spread out over a wider area and therefore keep excess pressure off the dog’s neck. This can help safeguard against potential injuries.
Conclusion
There are many good dog collar options available, depending on the needs of your dog. However, a rule of thumb to follow is, get a wide collar with a secure buckle fastening and make sure it is easy to clean and maintain. Happy shopping!There are options for genuine land agents in Ontario that would permit the agent a complementary to save their license sprightly otherwise of letting it lapse or be terminated. Here is a low cost every second for Ontario salespeople and Brokers who are transitioning in or out of the genuine land puff area but who desire to maintain their genuine home license even if pursuing additional interests and yet allow for earning additional pension through a referral network.
Getting someone’s driver’s license is not an simple matter because such personal assistance is protected to a good agreement by privacy laws, as it should be. The last business you habit is a stalker or prankster to be skilled to get your personal information subsequently tiny effort, a few bucks and no legitimate reason to have it. Indeed, the DPPA (Driver’s Privacy support Act) is a federal exploit passed in the 1990s and updated in 2000 specifically expected to protect drivers’ personal suggestion from searches and understandably restricts the reasons why anyone can have entry to drivers license records.
This article covers what licensing (if any) is required to get innovation modifications, how to find out the statutes and regulations governing mortgage modification consultants in your state, and a good valid workaround if you don’t meet the requirements. This guidance is crucial if you’re with getting into the develop mod business.
More and more admin entities are adopting the technology known as License plate wave (LPR). It is used everyday in areas such as traffic do its stuff enforcement, auto theft recovery, and limited admission to parking facilities. This article looks at an algorithm-driven process and breaks it next to into unidentified language.
You have worked hard to get your hands.
There are many websites online that have enough money license dish searching for car registration information. next would a search for owner information be a proper concern to complete and taking into consideration is this practice unacceptable?
You must have an Oregon real home license in order to conduct professional real estate commotion in Oregon contractors state license board (cslb) san diego ca. Here are the 10 steps to solution to acquire your license.
A lot of people are impatient approximately the firearms industry and desire to get involved. Why? But, because it is a entirely profitable business. Can an individual or a company be directly functional in this issue of trading/manufacturing guns and ammunition? The answer is yes but you habit to get a license (Federal Firearms License). Here’s how to acquire started as a licensed/legal firearms wholesaler.
When your license is suspended, it has been taken away for a specific era period and will be returned to you taking into account the get older is exceeding and later you have paid the reinstatement fee. Drivers who are aggrieved by a resolved decision of the Sectary of give leave to enter may demand a Driver License charisma hearing.
One of the most common questions that I am asked upon a daily basis from additional genuine home investors is whether or not it is beneficial for them to get their real land license california contractors state license board san diego. I spent many years as a real home speculator wholesaling, rehabbing, fixing, flipping and renting without getting a real home license. Ultimately I settled that it was beneficial to get my genuine house license and that having a real land license does not hinder your skill to doing as a genuine house investor.
An important plus vacillate to make the best decision for the client.
If starting a situation is on your list of goals; declare a franchise or situation licensing arrangement. This article is a quick overview of the difference amongst the two and why someone may desire to judge one higher than the other.
There are many every other ways that you as a copyright holder can allow others use your smart property, but perhaps the exaggeration that affords you the most pardon is to license your work. later than a license, you are dexterous to ascend others access to use your work, but you maintain exclusive rights exceeding how they may use that work.
If you are with taking out a residential or a billboard mortgage you may desire to compare exchange brokers and lenders-and their mortgage license qualifications. Learning very nearly the mortgage license requirements and what they purpose in idolization to how each broker or lender operates might be a useful mannerism to get more information. Anyone who is enthusiastic in purchasing a home may want to know more or less the qualifications and legitimacy of the companies they may choose to pull off thing taking into account in obtaining a home loan.
In the entertainment industry, music plays a totally important role. Background music in movies not isolated brings out emotions in the audience but afterward adds to the emotional quotient of movies. This is one of the reasons why the request for bright musicians and song-writers in the music industry is never at bay.
Have you ever thought about instinctive a nurse? Did you know there are swing kinds of nurses, and that they all have swing licensing requirements? Don’t worry, if you really want to get a head start in the medical profession and nursing is where you want to be, subsequently you will want to begin at the beginning.
Suspended Licenses even though you may think it is your right to show a vehicle, it is – in fact – a privilege which can be unchangeable or taken away by the united States dealing out at any time. If you commit a crime or fail to maintain your eligibility to steer a vehicle in some new way, your license will most likely be suspended. upon a suspended license, you are not allowed to bill a vehicle for a set get older of mature which is positive by a court of law.
There are thousands of mortgage processors acting on a pact basis in the united States. The secure Mortgage License raid that passed in July 2008 requires covenant mortgage processors to be licensed by July 2010. How does the supplementary comport yourself put on an act bargain mortgage processors? Obtaining mortgage progress originator licenses in combined states can be certainly costly. What can a pact mortgage processor attain to come to and not fracture the bank?
Most states require a four-year minimum as a journey man in the showground that you are going to be applying for your contractor’s license. I got my license as a general contractor taking into account four years of experience as a framing carpenter, because they didn’t have framing contractor licenses support then. Now they do.
We’ll every one morning obsession to find someone and chances are license plates will present us that info. It’s not unfamiliar to be in a thing where you craving to look up license plates. A search afterward that is required in accomplishment you craving to locate someone who might have practicing a crime against you or caused an accident.
The Texas insurance adjuster license is easily the most sought after adjuster license in the country. Famed for its totally tall level of reciprocity later new states’ licenses, the Texas adjuster license is often perceived as a cure-all to companies and independent adjusters looking for gather together licensure. But what are the real implications of becoming a licensed Texas adjuster and are the common representations accurate?
With a copyright licensing agreement, you withhold rule greater than your copyrighted material — your name remains the copyright holder. You’re conveniently licensing the use of the material to someone else, for whatever length of epoch and considering anything restrictions and requirements that you consider on. Here, we look at every second ways licenses can do its stuff to guard you and your intellectual property.
The first step a person avid in acquiring a bail linkage license must typically complete is finding a local bail assistant professor and signing stirring for training. Each own up prescribes the specific courses that must be completed for endorsement and licensing, as capably as the number of hours of training that it requires previously the candidate qualifies for a bail linkage license. After successfully completing the required training and passing the official approval examination, the candidate can disturb on to the second step of the agent licensing…
Now that you’ve fixed what type of event you would later to go in, it’s era to make it official. all businesses compulsion at least one local, permit or federal license to legally piece of legislation in the allied States, hence the bordering step is to get hold of a issue license for the permit in which you would once to pull off business, which is actually a fairly quick and simple process. Laws vary state-to-state, but typically your state’s secretary of state’s Web site is where you should begin.
A General trading license permits business startups in Dubai to carry out all their trading transactions below a single license from a licensed broker. subsequently a clear trade license, a Dubai startup can become a major player in the foreign markets to relief companies taking into account required products in the city. Many companies have unproductive in the local markets due to a deficiency of endowment and training not provided by the local businessmen. Such companies usually have limited potential to create profits bearing in mind the low capital and poor resources.
If you posses a UK provisional license next you habit to beware of the effects of penalty points upon your license, and your endowment to give a positive response the UK driving test. First of every learner drivers in the UK must be supervised by a full UK license holder who is 21 years or older and has held their license for a minimum of 3 years. Any offense practicing by a provisional license holder resulting in penalty points innate further to their license could as well as upshot in the supervising driver brute prosecuted for aiding and abetting.
Brand licensing is becoming increasingly common as people realize that to create money, they reach not craving to reinvent the wheel but can license a brand for someone else’s product. The owner of the brand foster too as he increases his market portion not to insinuation his profits.
The associated States of America is a country filled later than conclusive opportunities in the real home industry. Are you suitable to begin your career in this lucrative arena?
The cab license referred to as a TLC license NYC means the license given by the cab and Limousine Commission of further York City that is required to drive a medallion ocher cab or a black car limousine in the five boros of supplementary York City. Here are the steps for getting this cab license.
Some tips and behavior for avoiding problems like a drivers license delay in Pennsylvania. These tips swell the common “”just pay”” pitfall and what to realize in the same way as pass traffic tickets that may cause more closure time to be added if not handled properly.
Music licensing for film is the process that helps the producers to acquire someone else’s musical composition within their movies. A music licensing company is the source that helps both the indistinctive artists as skillfully as the well-known producers arrive in gate once each extra and advance their respective purposes.
Trusting anyone is no question hard in today’s times. One should be no question careful even if dealing similar to people as the world is full of corrupt and false people. A persons driving license can be an valid tape of their identity.
This article sheds roomy upon the operations and advantages of a virtual private server (VPS), functions of a website govern panel or cPanel and tips one needs to follow though buying cPanel VPS licenses. approach on.This:
Ingredients
For the Brine:
1 cup coarse/pickling salt
1/2 cup coarse-chopped onion
1/2 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup maple syrup
1 tablespoon peppercorns
5 or 6 hot peppers, each cut in half, variety of choice (de arbols suggested)
2 bay leaves
1 pheasant
Mild, low-salt or salt-free poultry rub, optional
Aromatics: Herbs, onions, garlic, apples and/or fresh or dried peppers, optional
Apple juice or apple cider
For the Glaze:
1 cup maple syrup
1 tablespoon (about 3 pods) of ground dried red chile
Instructions
For the Brine:
Combine all the brine ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a rolling boil for 5 to10 minutes. Cool the mixture in the refrigerator.
When the brine is cooled to 40 degrees or below, add the pheasant, placing a plate on the top to keep the bird submerged. Allow to brine for 10 to12 hours.
After brining, rinse the bird, pat dry, then place it on a rack over a drip pan in the refrigerator to air-chill for about 3 to 4 hours. Rub with the poultry rub and place the aromatics in the bird’s cavity, if desired.
For the Bird:
Preheat the barbecue to 250 to 275 degrees and set up for indirect cooking (place firebricks on the cooking grid, then position the drip pan and rack with bird, on top of the bricks). Add a small piece of smoking wood if you wish. Suggested: use a 3" by 3" piece of pecan. Remember that poultry absorbs smoke like a sponge, so use it sparingly.) Add some apple juice or apple cider to the drip pan if you wish.
Cook for about 1 and a half hours or until breast meat registers 155 degrees Use a spray bottle to spritz apple juice onto the bird every 20 to 30 minutes. At this point, begin to glaze the bird with the warmed-up glaze. Baste once or twice until the breast temperature reads 165 degrees. Remove the bird from the barbecue and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes. Carve the bird and drizzle the remaining glazes over the slices.Hi Friends! I hope your week is off to a good start. It’s been cold and dreary in DC so I’m trying not to let that keep me from staying motivated. Anyway, at the end of last week, a package arrived at my door that I was so happy to see — it was the winter box from FabFitFun.
I have heard some good things about FabFitFun and all the products you can get in their seasonal boxes. So a couple months ago I decided to order a winter box for myself, as an early Christmas present. I had a 10% off code from their website as well, so I figured it was worth it to see what all the hype was about. Here’s what was inside my box:
- Candle in Bergamot Woods by D.L. & CO , $45
- Kiernan Double Pendant Necklace by Gorjana, $75
- Thank You Cards by Marie Mae Company , $24
- 2017 Weekly Planner by Moleskin, $21
- Iconoclast Mega Volume Mascara by Butter London, $20
- Mineral Peel Face by O.R.G. Skincare, $44
- Beach Butter Body Cream in Winter in Manhattan Beach by Anderson Lilley, $24
- Star Pin – This is a bonus item in honor of their partnership with the Starlight Children’s Foundation, a nonprofit organization on a mission to brighten the days of seriously ill children.
One particular thing I like about the winter box I got is that it had items that I typically would never get myself.. like a $45 candle! It feels special to get a package of high-end items like these in a package just for you.
I was also originally skeptical about how many items in the box I would end up using, but I am very confident that I will use all of these things. They are all quite practical and the one fashion related thing – the Gorjana necklace – is totally my style. Of course I’ll keep you updated with a review of the beauty products too!
All in all it was amazing to see what all I got for just $45 (the price of just the D.L. & Co candle!) and also discover some new products and companies. According to FabFitFun, the retail value of this box is $253. So, I’d say that it’s definitely a great value.
A FabFitFun box would also make a great gift for someone special in your life. Or you can follow in my footsteps and indulge yourself in one! The other great thing about FabFitFun worth mentioning is that there is no subscription fee or process. You can simply buy one box and be done. There are also different types of boxes and add-ons that are worth checking out on their website because those might be more your style.
I’d love to know if you have gotten a FabFitFun box before and what you think about them. Did you have a favorite product? As of now, I think my favorite thing in the winter box I received is the Gorjana necklace.
Cheers!
SC
One thought on “Inside the FabFitFun Winter Box”Avalon Emerson - Shtum 009 12"
Der angegebene Preis ist ein Endpreis inkl. MwSt zzgl. Versandkosten.
Cat Shtum009
Format 12" Vinyl
Killer release on Uncanny Valley related Shtum label. Their latest offering is none other than Avalon Emerson, who hits hard with her first appearance on the Dresden-based label with a record full of techno beauties. "Constantly My Cure (Vocal Mix)" features vocals by Avalon herself that ride on an unstoppable acid-driven bassline towards a forceful and paradoxically cold yet warm climax. "Constantly My Cure (Plan Around Me Dub)", offers an instrumental redux that's less ambiguous in its intentions -- this one's aimed straight for maximum dancefloor effect. "Sword and Rose Forever" shows once again that she knows how to create relentless club music imbued with beautifully bittersweet atmosphere. The EP closes with the punch of "Hurdy Gurdy DJ Tool," a break-laden machine-piston of a rhythmic workout that's made for those selectors who want to set fire to the floor and jam the energy up to a frenetic peak. Recommended! Once again, the illustration on the B-side label is by Aram Haydeyan.
Tracklist
A1 Constantly My Cure (Vocal Mix)
A2 Sword And Rose Forever
B1 Constantly My Cure (Plan Around Me Dub)
B2 Hurdy Gurdy DJ ToolIt’s all about the fun
It’s all about the fun
The photo prompt this week from The Daily Post is Fun. Everyone likes to have fun, even animals like to play and have a good time.
Horses like to run and play. Sometimes it’s all about the fun.
Torrey loves to play, she simply enjoys life and loves to have fun.
The photo prompt this week for the Dogwood 52 was any photo, but we had to collaborate with another artist. I was stumped. Then I read this poem on a blog I read everyday, Dare Boldly. Louise writes wonderfully and her blog is always such a treat. This poem simply struck my heart, and the idea was born to use it as a collaboration. I asked Louise if I could borrow the words, and she graciously said yes.
Have a wonderful Tuesday friends.
I would love to slide down that slide with Torrey… I probably would look like a baboon with my thin fur, but it#s all about the fun :o)
It’s all about JOY, this existence, the air we take in, the air the birds fly in. The dance of the horse (you know, my favorite!) the song of the sea. OH MARY, your photos of the horses make me LEAP for joy!
Nice collaborative effort – turned out well!
Hello, wonderful captures of the horses and your furbabies playing. I love the poem and image, thanks for sharing. Enjoy your day!
The horses running are fabulous and I love Torrey on the slide. HOw sweet!
And thank you Mary for a lovely collaboration. I feel uplifted by it and grateful. A lovely way to start my day! Thanks my friend.
Thank You. Your poem touched me, and the idea for collaboration was inspired.
I love the photos of horses and pups having fun, especially Torrey coming down the slide and Roxy looking on – she almost looks like she’s braced or like she’s nervous for her best buddy! And the close-up of Torrey’s joy is just so heartwarming, you just can’t help smiling in return; I love seeing happy animals.
I love happy animals too. So carefree.
Animals make running look fun. Love the ‘look’ on their faces as they run. I think they look happy and full of joy. Enjoy the day and the week ahead. Peace.
I think all creatures of all ages always manage to have some fun…and it they don’t, they are not happy.
Beautiful collaboration – what a great choice! And of course, love seeing all of God’s creatures just enjoying life – if only it could be all about the fun all the time!
Pingback:Fun (Living Statue)
Beautiful photos, as always! And I absolutely adore the photo of Torrey on the slide!! She looks so totally happy! I’m with Jan K – love seeing all of God’s creatures having fun and enjoying life.
And I love Louise’s poem – it’s beautiful! I can see how it inspired you for the collaboration! Very insightful!
Torrey always looks like she’s smiling!
Thanks for the link to Dare Boldly, what a lovely blog!
Love the pics of Torrey having fun! And the collaboration is lovely!
R
I love this one Mary! Oh my goodness…Roxy looks SO tiny!! LadyBug would love to play on that slide with Torrey…there is one at the RV Park we stay at in North Carolina.
Beautiful sentiment as well!Pointers That Will Guide You If You Are Thinking Of Purchasing A New Home
Buying a house is usually an investment that many people cannot afford because of how expensive homes are. In order for you to find a good home, it is important for you to ensure that you hire the services of a real estate agent because they have lots of knowledge in this industry and you can be certain that they will get you exactly what you want or something close to it. The process of finding your dream home is usually not as easy as many people might think and it can even take months. Without the help of a real estate agent you wouldn’t be able to know which homes are for sale and that is why it is important for you to ensure that your find a well-established real estate company to help you out in this. Such agents are quite useful because they not only you find your dream home, but they also guide you into knowing the worth of the home that you are interested in buying.
You will find that most homeowners usually sell their home at a higher price than its actual worth and most buyers usually do not know this and the end up buying it only to find out in future that they were corned. This is usually something that most buyers end up doing unknowingly, and it is usually a loss on their part.
If you wants to buy a home in order for you to make the search easier for the agent their many things that you need to let them know first. One thing that you need to know is that the main reason as to why people are encouraged to inform the real estate’s when it comes to the location is because if you are someone who is old, and you have retired your main focus is your peace of mind, and you would want to buy a home in an urban city. If you are someone young you definitely would want to buy a home in a location that is not far away from where you are working in order for you to ease up your journey.
Make sure that you tell the agent when it comes to the number of bedrooms that you prefer in a home so that when you are looking for a house they know exactly what you are looking for. Comfort is the first thing that you should focus on, and it is important for you to ensure that you buy a home that can fit everything properly without the house looking squeezed. By now you know how stressful finding a house is; therefore, it is important for you to ensure that you buy a home that is big enough for everyone so that you don’t end up repeating the process of looking for a bigger house in future.
The Beginners Guide To Builders (What You Need To Know To Get Started)
The Beginners Guide To Builders (Finding The Starting Point)Walter Vale is a lonely man. With his wife having passed away and son living in London, his love of life is tested by a lack of activities, short of his job as a Connecticut College professor of economics. He attempts to take up piano lessons but ends up going through many instructors before finally giving it up.
He then is asked by his department head to give a presentation at New York University on a article he helped co-author. Walter reluctantly agrees and ends up shacking up in a Manhattan condominium he has owned, but rarely visits, for thirty-five years only to find out it is occupied by Tarek, who hails from Syria, and Zainab, Tarek's Senegalese girlfriend, who thought they were renting it from a friend of theirs.
Walter feels sorry for the couple and allows them to stay in his condo until they can find shelter elsewhere. Tarek and Walter quickly become friends, despite Zainab's reserved demeanor obviously suspicious of Walter's kindness. Since Tarek and Zainab are both undocumented immigrants, she is the more cautious of the two.
Thanks to Tarek (who is a musician) showing Walter how to play his bongo drum and the two playing together in a couple of park venues, Walter's depression and loneliness subsides since he has a new lease on life as well as an appreciation for a new genre of music.
Unfortunately, Tarek ends up getting arrested in a subway station and is then imprisoned in an immigrant detention center in Queens. Tarek's mother, Mouna, shows up shortly after Tarek's arrest concerned for her son's well-being due to her failed attempts at contacting him.
Walter tries to help Tarek further by hiring an immigration attorney and being the courier of notes from his mother and Zainab to him.
While slow at times, this film is well acted and well made. The Visitor makes another important point about the immigration debate going on in this country as well.
As it turns out, Tarek discloses to Walter during a visit to the detention center that his father was arrested and imprisoned for writing a letter published in a Syrian newspaper deemed criminal by the Syrian government.
This obviously is the reason why Mouna left Syria with Tarek since they could be targeted by the Syrian government for arrest and monitoring.
Soon after arriving in the United States, Mouna tried to apply for asylum or immigration documents so she and Tarek could remain in the U.S. legally. According to the attorney Walter hires, the cruxt of Tarek's defense hinged upon a rejection letter U.S. immigration officials had to send them. If Mouna did not recieve it, her son stood a chance of remaining in the U.S. If not, Tarek would be deported.
In the film you see the hypocrisy of U.S. immigration policies. Posters line the wall of the Queens detention center praising immigrants yet they are present in an institution set up by a system hostile to their ability to live legally in the U.S.
Its obvious that Walter benefited from his meeting and befriending Tarek, Dainab and Mouna. Yet, sadly, U.S. immigration policies do not take into account instances like Walter's situation and force people to have to choose between staying in their home country where they face persecution or flee to the United States where they can live but have to look over their shoulders at every opportunity to avoid being caught should they decide to remain here in defiance of U.S. immigration laws.
An individual (like Walter) and immigrants (like Tarek, Zainab and Mouna) have a fundamental, moral right to their lives, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. This is spelled out in the document that laid the philosophical foundation of the idea of our Republic, The Declaration of Independence which, among other points brought up against King George III, says:
[The present King of Great Britain] has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither...
As The Visitor points out, U.S. immigration laws are a sad joke and a perversion of Thomas Jefferson's libertarian vision for our country.
I certainly hope this movie will contribute to Americans re-asserting Jefferson's vision of the free society America can and should be.
Especially when it comes to immigrants and immigration.Topps' Allen and Ginter Baseball set traditionally appeals to a broad spectrum of collectors with it's vintage design and celebrity infused checklist. This year's 2021 Topps Allen and Ginter Baseball set stays true to form featuring the likes of Marc Anthony and Jason Biggs, alongside current stars and retired MLB legends. Old school collectors will be happy to see names such as Dick Allen, Vida Blue, Mo Vaughn, and Kent Hrbek in the set, as well as Hall of Famer Gaylord Perry getting his first Allen and Ginter card.
We took a look at the entire set, as well as spoke with Topps' communications manager Emily Kless about the set for our Forbes Sports Money column. Click here to read the review.Back to All Decision Makers
Jennifer Creegan - General Manager, Microsoft Advertising Field Operations , Microsoft Corporation | Contact Information, Email Address, Phone Number, Budgets and Responsibilities
Company
Microsoft Corporation
2020 Estimated Media Spend: $******
2020 Revenue: $143,015
163000
Founded
1975Abstract
A monitoring mechanism is vital for detecting malicious attacks against cyber systems. Detecting denial of service (DOS) and distributed DOS (DDOS) is one of the most important security challenges facing network technologies. This paper introduces a reliable detection mechanism based on the continuous ranked probability score (CRPS) statistical metric and exponentially smoothing (ES) scheme for enabling efficient detection of DOS and DDOS attacks. In this regard, the CRPS is used to quantify the dissimilarity between a new observation and the distribution of normal traffic. The ES scheme, which is sensitive in detecting small changes, is applied to CRPS measurements for anomaly detection. Moreover, in CRPS-ES approach, a nonparametric decision threshold computed via kernel density estimation is used to suitably detect anomalies. Tests on three publically available datasets proclaim the efficiency of the proposed mechanism in detecting cyber-attacks.Get an Earful of Arabic: How to Improve Your Arabic Listening Skills Every Day
Do your ears hang low?
Then it might be due time to perk ’em up with some authentic Arabic audio.
Your Arabic fluency will be based on the four major skills of reading, speaking, writing and listening.
One the most difficult tasks while learning a foreign language is listening comprehension—and this is especially true for those who are learning the Arabic language.
To most, listening comes more easily than speaking. However, if we talk specifically about Arabic, most will admit to the fact that it takes a lot of patience and practice to comprehend what’s being said when they hear someone speaking in the language.
In this article, we’ll give you some handy tips that will help you hone your listening skills.
Download: This blog post is available as a convenient and portable PDF that you can take anywhere. Click here to get a copy. (Download)
Before You Start Listening to Anything in Arabic
Before we get started, here are a few before-you-start-listening pieces of advice that will help you get prepared for the application of the next set of tips.
- Accept the fact that you won’t be able to understand everything for a long time.
- Make listening your utmost priority. Get your listening resources in place and listen to them whenever you can, even if you have to do it while you’re driving, working out at the gym or doing your regular household chores.
- Listen to something that you enjoy.
- When listening, your complete focus should be on the speaker and not on translating what the speaker is saying into your native language.
- Don’t be too hard on yourself. If you fail to understand something, don’t take the stress. It will only be a hindrance to your learning.
- Give yourself a purpose before you start listening. You should listen to any Arabic audio with a goal in mind. For example, you might switch on a news channel with the goal of finding 10 new Arabic words for building your vocabulary. We’ll explain this in detail in the coming paragraphs.
- Set different purposes for listening each day. For example, spend one day only on understanding the meaning, one day on listening to the sound and one day for understanding different tones.
- If listening is very difficult, get some controlled listening practice. Brainstorm some general words from your native language and listen to their Arabic translations on Google Translate or Forvo.
- One final piece of advice: Don’t give up! Developing Arabic listening skills takes, above all, time and patience.
If you follow these bits of advice, the way forward will be smoother and you’ll learn faster.
Now, let’s get on with what should be your next course of action.
Listen Up! How to Improve Your Arabic Listening Skills
Here are our favorite tips to help you listen to Arabic and comprehend meaning better.
1. Improve your vocabulary
It sounds simple because it is simple.
Like we said earlier in this article, one good practice to improve your listening skills is to start building your vocabulary and absorbing as many common, everyday phrases as you can.
It might seem odd to be learning tons of isolated vocabulary words without context or grammar rules to piece them together. But, in my book, this is really the best strategy for getting started.
You’ll start listening to advanced audio—even as a newbie—and notice that you can pick out words here and there. It doesn’t sound like much, but it’s a huge, motivational confidence boost!
Go ahead and build a solid foundation of common words and phrases when you’re at the beginning level of language learning. Adopting this practice alone will make a world of difference in your ability to understand what you listen to.
You’ll have to take this as a personal challenge and strive towards doing it every day.
Set yourself an easily achievable goal—like learning 3-5 words per day—so you never feel overwhelmed or tempted to procrastinate. You’ll find that you’ll easily surpass your goals and expectations on most days.
After a period of time, you’ll know common Arabic words and phrases well enough to understand the context in which they’re used without feeling the need to translate them in your mind.
2. Patience will take you a long way
Be patient with yourself and your level of uncertainty.
Don’t be surprised if you don’t understand a single word even after listening to your Arabic resources for quite some time. That happens with everybody trying to learn a new language. Instead of letting this get the better of you, resolve to strive more than ever.
At the very least, listening without understanding is familiarizing your ears with the sounds and rhythms of native Arabic speakers. This time spent listening will resurface when you’re speaking, and you’ll notice that you’re pretty good at recreating an authentic Arabic accent.
Don’t become obsessed with understanding every little detail, either. If you get stuck on one new word in a sentence, let it go and try to listen to the rest of message. Getting the gist does wonders for understanding.
3. Guess, guess and guess again
Like we just said earlier, it’s unlikely that you’ll understand everything that’s said in your Arabic listening resources initially.
So, try to fill the gaps between the parts you do manage to understand and the parts you don’t with reasonable guesses.
While trying to guess what’s being said, look for contextual clues such as the tone of voice being used, the body language of the person speaking, facial expressions, background music and anything else you can latch onto.
4. Ask for help
This is very important for those who are learning Arabic from an instructor, and for those learning Arabic while abroad.
Never hesitate to ask for help, even if it means asking for it frequently.
When you face a problem in understanding something, don’t shy away from asking the speaker or instructor to help you understand a particular word or phrase over and over again. Ask them to repeat something for you, to say it in a different way or to speak more slowly. A good listener always triumphs over his or her fear of asking for help when it’s really needed.
5. Surf the web
If you’re using online resources to improve your Arabic listening comprehension skills (like something from this fantastic collection of Arabic audio), here are some additional tips that will help you get further in your daily practice of listening.
First, concentrate on strengthening your understanding of general contexts and themes. Focus on details later. For example, if your online resource has an audio file of a textual passage, spend time acquainting yourself with the background of that passage. Who wrote it? Who published it? What was the purpose of writing this?
Next, listen to the entire audio at least once. Too often, learners get hung up on understanding every line before moving on. After you’re through with one full listen, divide the resource into smaller segments and listen to each segment individually to understand better.
Both of these measures will help you figure out the big picture. Getting into specific details later will be easier.
6. Find listening resources with exercises
Many Arabic audio resources have accompanying exercises, and these are great for beginner learners.
For example, you might start with Al Jazeera Arabic learning audios and exercises.
With a resource like this, always start by familiarizing yourself with the exercise questions first.
If new words are introduced in a particular exercise of your listening resource, don’t just read through them. Take your time to learn them first. The best way to go about it is to listen to the new words a few times and say them out loud. Add them to your flashcard decks for additional practice.
Your next step should be to make sentences (if you’ve got the grammar chops) using the words and say these sentences to yourself a few times. If you do this, you’ll find it easier to complete the exercise after listening—which means that you’re on the right track.
Keep a pen and paper handy before starting with an exercise so that you can write down all the words and phrases that you don’t know from that particular listening exercise.
7. Chill out
Take breaks but don’t ever give up.
Remember that you’re not alone. Everybody who’s either learning or has already learned the Arabic language has encountered difficult exercises. When you too are faced with such an exercise, take it as a personal challenge.
If you don’t see success for some time, simply take a break from the exercise and return to it later with a fresh mind.
Arabic is one of most widely used languages around the world, but it’s also one of the toughest to learn—particularly for those who aren’t natives of any Arab country.
Nevertheless, many people enthusiastically enroll themselves in Arabic language learning courses, both online and offline, to learn the language. Don’t forget that this is supposed to be a fun experience!
While many people take up learning a new language as a hobby or for travel, there are equally many who do it to maximize their chances of getting a job abroad. The demand for learning Arabic has increased, along with an increase in the employment opportunities in the Arab nations (most notably the UAE). Learning to improve your listening skills can definitely have a great payoff down the road.
Regardless of your language goals and purpose for studying, we sincerely hope that this article has helped you in some way.
Best of luck!
Download: This blog post is available as a convenient and portable PDF that you can take anywhere. Click here to get a copy. (Download)
Megha Raizada is a professional writer with a keen interest in the global job market, especially that of the Gulf. She loves to keep track of everything interesting happening around the world. You can reach her at Twitter and Google+.
If you liked this post, something tells me that you'll love FluentU, the best way to learn languages with real-world videos.
Experience language immersion online!
[Arabic Not Yet Available]Smart Cities provide a better living standard and make people feel safer with 24/7 security. Monitoring these cities is also done by the use of Digital Twins, which connect and monitor the city and run simulations based on the data.
Video Surveillance is one of the main and crucial building blocks of smart cities. Smart surveillance is a new initiative that sets a higher ceiling for the future of smart cities. Video Surveillance offers people more tools and applications to monitor with fewer human mistakes that improves the city's stability. There is more than one component that completes the cycle of Smart Surveillance.
The City Surveillance monitors dedicated command centre has been established by the department of police under the flagship project named "Drishti".
Under the Project Total 280 cameras were deployed at 70 locations across the city in which department of police is monitoring the city through these cameras, also as a part of the project Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) Cameras were deployed at various locations of the city and they are used for e-challan in case of any violation of the traffic rules by the citizens.2021 Mid-Year Review
CBRE Cambodia’s 2021 Mid-Year Review provides insights into the performance in Phnom Penh’s real estate market across the first half of 2021, and an updated outlook for the rest of the year.
The first half of 2021 has proven itself to be a challenging moment for Cambodia’s real estate industry. Following an optimistic start to the year, a Covid-19 outbreak on 20th February has since escalated into a significant volume of community transmission cases and led to the first lockdown of Phnom Penh at the start of Q2. Following the end of the lockdown and a slow return to work, the Cambodian Government has rolled out an impressive, geographically targeted vaccination campaign, which in itself offers a glimmer for a return to a ‘new’ normal before the end of the year.
The real estate markets have reach reacted differently to the disruption and uncertainty that Covid-19 has wrought on the country, but by and large, each is facing a period of diminished demand and a slow down in the delivery of new supply. In the retail, condominium and serviced apartment sectors, rents and prices have continued to come under pressure, whilst new launches have dried up.
The office market has largely bucked the trend, seeing an improved level of confidence from occupiers as they explore expansion opportunities in what is now a more competitive market. However, the longer-term threat of over-supply still looms over the office sector, and begs the question, how long will the current upswing in rents last?
To find out more, read our full report here.
The full webinar recording is available via our news channel, here. city Imagens para seus Projetos Criativos
324,415 resultados
Página
de 3,245
Statue of Liberty with background of New York city Manhattan skyline cityscape at sunset from New Jersey.
Brooklyn bridge in New York illustration.
New York City stylish t-shirt and apparel abstract design. Vector print, typography, poster. Global swatches.
New york city skyline with Empire State Building, View from the Rockefeller Center viewing platform 'Top of the Rock'
New York Skyline Manhatten Cityscape Empire State Building from Top of the Rock Sunset
NEW YORK CITY, NY - NOVEMBER 25, 2015: Times Square is featured with Broadway Theaters and LED signs as a symbol of New York City and the United States, September 5, 2009 in Manhattan, New York City.
Statue Liberty and New York city skyline at sunset, in United States
Aerial view of the New York City skyline near Midtown watercolor painting
Contemporary rooftop with New York city view. Lifestyle concept
Sketch of cityscape in New York city show central park. vector illustration
Young beautiful girl walking in Time square, manhattan. Lifestyle concepts about New york
jazz trumpet player in brooklyn - vector illustration (Ideal for printing on fabric or paper, poster or wallpaper, house decoration)
Modern City skyline, city silhouette with blue and yellow windows, vector illustration in flat design
Crowded of tourist in front of St. Patrick's Cathedral on 5th avenue in Manhattan, NYC
Simple linear Vector icon set representing global tourist landmarks and travel destinations for vacations
Set of ornamental travel on ethnic floral style design. Architecture art with logo, label. Historical monuments of France, Japan, Egypt, England, Italy, USA
New York sign - city name with background travel postcard photo.
Manhattan at night
New York at night with blue hue
Manhattan Skyline at Dusk
New York City Manhattan Central Park panorama in Autumn lake with skyscrapers and colorful trees with reflection.
Downtown New York City cityscape and the Two Bridges Brooklyn Bridge and Manhattan Bridge viewed from Brooklyn Bridge Park, across the East River
Street sign of Fifth Ave and West 33rd St at sunset in New York City
Skyline of downtown Manhattan
vector watercolor NEW YORK city illustration
New York Panorama with brooklyn bridge, Vector outline Sketch
Taxi and other traffic on Third Avenue in Manhattan, New York, USA
Central Park aerial view, Manhattan, New York
Welcome to USA. United States of America poster. Vector illustration about travel
Vertical aerial view over midtown and east side from Empire State building top, Manhattan, New York. Sunset of a clean, sunny day with exceptional visibility.
New York City Fifth Avenue St. Patrick's Cathedral
Brooklyn Bridge Park, New York City. Spectacular sunset view of the bridge and Manhattan skyline.
Syracuse University Hill New York Dawn
New York, New York City.City skyline: architecture, buildings, streets, silhouette, landscape, panorama, landmarks. Editable strokes. Flat design line vector illustration concept. Isolated icons
path next to lake with fall foliage
Young European Man with beard, little gray hair, wearing white short sleeve shirt, gray pants, sneakers, sitting on green lawn in New York City, working on laptop computer, looking up, thinking
Panoramic view of Manhattan
New York City Manhattan skyline panorama at night over Hudson River with refelctions viewed from New Jersey
Aerial view of Manhattan New York looking north up Central Park
The new Freedom Tower and Lower Manhattan Skyline At Night
Manhattan, New York City. Image of Brooklyn Bridge with Manhattan skyline in the background.
Manhattan at dusk, New York City
New York City - Manhattan after sunset - beautiful cityscape
New York City skyline with urban skyscrapers at gentle sunrise, famous Manhattan view, USA
New York City Brooklyn Bridge in Manhattan closeup with skyscrapers and city skyline over Hudson River.
Quiet Empty Commerce Street in the Historic Greenwich Village Neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City
Brooklyn Bridge and Manhattan, New York, night scene
New York, USA skyline background. City silhouette with Liberty monument. American landmarks. Urban architectural landscape. Cityscape with famous buildings
New York City skyline with urban skyscrapers at sunset, USA.
New York Skyline. Vector USA landscape. Cityscape with skyscrapers. City silhouette. Panorama city background. Skyline urban border.
View of Brooklyn Bridge and Manhattan skyline - New York City downtown, photographed from Manhattan Bridge
Night car traffic on Brooklyn Bridge in New York City
Dramatic Sky above New York City - Manhattan, U.S.A.
Aerial view of lower Manhattan New York City and the Hudson River
New York, USA skyline sketch. NYC city silhouette with Liberty monument. American landmarks. Urban architectural landscape. Cityscape with famous buildings
New York Typography with starburst. Print for t-shirt or poster. Vector illustration.
New York City Manhattan skyline panorama with Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridges over East River
New York City skyline with urban skyscrapers at sunset.
New York City, USA at twilight.
New york city building. Cityscape usa, architecture exterior, urban street. illustration
New York City Central Park in Autumn with Manhattan skyscrapers and colorful trees over lake with reflection.
Skyline of Long Island, New York
Free hand sketch of New York City skyline. Vector Outline Scribble
Little Italy Mulberry street by evening in the New York City.
New York City Manhattan midtown panorama at dusk with skyscrapers illuminated over east river
Super Moon above New York skyline The top of the Empire State Building is illuminated with the colors of the German and Argentinian flags in honor of the Soccer World Cup final
New York City Manhattan Bridge over Hudson River with skyline after sunset night view illuminated with lights viewed from Brooklyn.
Unrecognizable mass of people walking in the city
Hand drawn panorama banner of New York City
Map of Manhattan with parts of the Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn and Jersey City. Very detailled version without bridges and names.
Aerial view of the New York City skyline near Midtown
New York city outline skyline, nyc line silhouette, usa tourist and travel vector concept. New York architecture urban illustration
New York City, New York. Downtown vector map. City name on a separate layer. Art print template. Black and white.
new york city, theater district, midtown manhattan vector map.
NEW YORK, USA - AUGUST 31, 2017: Unidentified people on the Times Square, New York. Times Square is the most popular tourist location in New York City.
New York City block of apartment buildings with graffiti covered roof tops
NEW YORK CITY, NY - NOVEMBER 25, 2015: Times Square is featured with Broadway Theaters and LED signs as a symbol of New York City and the United States, September 5, 2009 in Manhattan, New York City.
New York City. Manhattan downtown skyline with illuminated Empire State Building and skyscrapers at sunset seen from Top of the Rock observation deck. Vertical composition.
Manhattan Skyline and The Statue of Liberty at Night Lights, New York City
New York City. Manhattan downtown skyline with illuminated Empire State Building and skyscrapers at sunset. USA.
New York City Manhattan skyline panorama with Brooklyn Bridge and office skyscrapers building in at dusk illuminated with lights at night
The silhouette of the city in a flat style. Modern urban landscape. Vector illustration.
Midtown Manhattan skyline at dusk panorama over Hudson River
Welcome to New York retro poster.
Manhattan at night
Stylized landscape of New York. Abstract skyline with spots and splashes of paint
Brooklyn Bridge sunset New York Manhattan skyline NY NYC USA
NEW YORK - MARCH 27, 2015: rush hour with yellow cab on 7th Av crossroad with West 35th in Manhattan at sunset - Seventh Avenue is southbound below Central Park and a two way street north of the park
Aerial view of the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge over the East River in New York City watercolor painting
Manhattan skyline at sunrise, New York City. USA.
Panorama city Building background with windows pixel shape. Background concept for urban night.
Modern City skyline, city windows silhouette with reflection, vector illustration
reflection of Kuala Lumpur skyline
New York skyline
New York City subway car interior with colorful seats
NEW YORK CITY- MARCH 23, 2018 : Times square Broadway one of the main Manhattan Landmarks
vector landmark and symbol of Freedom and Democracy
City silhouette new york in pen line style drawing with black lines on white background
NEW YORK CITY - JUNE 6, 2014: View from Battery Park in lower Manhattan with the Staten Island Ferry and people in view.
Downtown New York City as seen from the water from Brooklyn.
Próxima Página
Página
de 3,245Fore you forest news junkies we publish a newsletter, Forest Communique’ three or four times a year. It’s printed with soy inks on 100% postconsumer recycle paper and mailed to your address. We cover local forest news, proposed logging plans, forest protection research and important events. If you would like to receive Forest Communique’ send us an email with your snail mail address.
News
2022 Forest Unlimited January Tree Planting
Forest Unlimitd will hold its anual planting of redwood seedlings on January 8-9, 2022. We will need volunteers! We will be planting two different sites on two separate days: the Jenner Headlands and a private parcel with a conservation easement on Coleman Valley Road. We request that voluntters be vaccinated and wear masks when close to others. Children are welcome accompanied by a parent. Covid permitting, we will serve a hot lunch. If you would like to volunteer for one or two days, please contact our Reforestation Manager, Harlie Cruickshant.
Join the fun!
Should We Plant or Protect?
The short answer is: both. However, it is good to understand that, in terms extracting climate-changing carbon dioxide from the air, protecting existing mature forests is more effective than planting small seedlings. It will take decades for a seedling equal the carbon storage of a mature conifer. Unfortunately we don’t have decades to head off the disasterous effects of climate change. This video by our friends in Napa County says it better than I can:
Watch their video
Why Sonoma County Needs a Solid Tree Protection Ordinance–A White Paper
The Protect Our Working Woodlands group has prepared a white paper (see below) explaining the background and need for strong science based tree protections in Sonoma County.
We, unlike many other areas, still have trees. Many might not be aware, however, that the county approves many proposals that clear our shared woodlands off the landscape under current County rules. The County currently issues over counter permits even for very large clearing proposals without mitigating efforts, environmental review, or public Notice. Now, after many years of public pressure, the County is revisiting its tree policies.
This white paper is meant to be concise and to help prepare the public to weigh in now by writing your Board of Supervisors (bos@sonoma-county.org) before May 18th, and consider making a public comment on May 18th during the Board of Supervisor’s meeting in support of broad science based tree protection measures necessary to draw down carbon, as well as the other critical benefits for water, shade, soil stability and wildlife.
White Paper (download pdf)
Defending Our Working Woodlands
Although mature trees, woodlands, and forests (trees) are capable of immediately taking huge amounts of carbon out of our atmosphere at a scale–that in combination with reduced CO2 emissions–can greatly and cheaply mitigate our adverse impacts on the climate in the short time we have left to avoid catastrophic changes to younger generations, thousands of acres of trees are vulnerable and they are being removed, from the landscape under current county land use policies.
The current Sonoma County Tree Ordinance policy (1986) is scientifically outdated and severely undervalues the importance of trees and woodlands to people, to wildlife, and to the critical struggle to reverse the climate crisis.
The Scientific Imperative for Trees
Scientists agree, protecting existing forests is the best low-cost approach for immediately sequestering atmospheric carbon dioxide, ultimately reducing climate change impact:
“With respect to pulling harmful carbon out of the atmosphere, natural forests are by far the most effective.” (Lewis et al., 2019 ).
“Standing forests are the only proven system that can remove and store vast amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere at the scale necessary to keep global temperature rise below 1.5 degrees celcius this century. It is therefore essential to not only prevent further emissions from fossil fuels, deforestation, forest degradation, bioenergy, but also to expand our forests’ capacity to remove carbon from the atmosphere, and store it long-term.” (IPCC, Moomaw, Ph. D. et al. Intact Forests in the United States: Proforestation Mitigates Climate Change and Serves Greatest Good. emphasis added).
“Climate science shows that we cannot stop a climate catastrophe without scaling up the protection of forests around the world, including in the United States.” Statement from 200 US based elected officials, organizations, and eminent scientists including 40 mayors, and the Sunrise Movement. (#Stand4Forests)
Drawing Down Carbon — Reductions and Emissions
While new technologies may be coming that may take carbon out of the atmosphere, we must also use what we know works now. Time is not on our side. The IPCC estimates we have approximately 10 years to drastically change our activities to avoid critical temperature rise.
“Technologies for direct [Carbon dioxide removal] CDR from the atmosphere, and bioenergy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS), are far from being technologically ready or economically viable.” (IPCC scientist -Moomaw, Masino, et al)
Relying on new tree plantings will not accomplish the task, as new forests pale when compared to a mature forests carbon sequestration value. “Newly planted forests require many decades to a century before they sequester carbon dioxide in substantial quantities.” (IPCC).
Under Cutting the Future of Fires in Our Communities
The fires blowing through our communities are the result of past development models, and we now need new models.
Continued destruction of the forests occurring here and around the world in combination with vast emissions will continue to make both the climate and fires worse. Removing more trees is not the answer. Fire scientists are telling tell us that the best way to protect communities and homes now from fire is to make the homes themselves ready for these fires by removing all flammable material within five feet of structures and carefully managing the property immediately around the home and out buildings (Jack Cohen, Ph. D.).
The wind driven fires we have seen are not stopped by thinning or clearing trees out in the wildlands. The fuel that is vulnerable to these embers–driven by winds across large rivers and freeways, are the flammable materials around homes.
The real work of protecting communities and homes requires fighting climate change as effectively as we know how and leaning into modern fire education and public policy. As the science explains, protecting forests and woodlands in combination with significant reductions of emissions will effectively deliver the balance and security we all seek.
A modern Science Based Model by Sonoma County
The lands within the borders of Sonoma County have the capacity to grow trees that many in less nature-rich areas envy. Tree removal, even on a very large scale, unfortunately, continues to be considered appropriate public policy in Sonoma County.
We seek a comprehensive, fair, open, and scientifically based approach to protecting a resource that provides benefits to the community and that is a shared resource for the community as a whole.
We are asking the County of Sonoma to:
Update the County Tree Protection Ordinance, based on the best climate science incorporating input from the community to that end;
Pass an immediate, temporary moratorium on approvals of significant tree clearing in Sonoma County until such time as our Tree Protection Ordinance is updated and reflects the value of trees in climate mitigation;
Recogize the scientific emphasis on preserving mature trees across the board because mature trees and second growth trees are scientifically shown to be among our best carbon sinks;
Also consider fire safety around homes, defensible community spaces, essential food farming, and very low income housing as important values;
Protect trees as a means to protect vulnerable communities from the worst impacts of climate change;
In closing, Sonoma County must do all it can to protect future generations from the devasting effects of climate change. It can do so by embracing the science with respect to the important role trees play in our struggle to rein in green house gases in as rapid a manner as possible and thereby respect the younger generation’s right to a habitable planet.
Letter to Board of Supervisors Supporting a Tree Ordinance
May 5, 2021
Dear Supervisors and Staff:
We are writing on behalf of our approximately 1500 Forest Unlimited supporters. We have worked locally for over 25 years to protect watersheds from irreversible impacts of irresponsible logging and planted over 34,000 redwoods on protected properties with hundreds of volunteers.
Forest Unlimited members are participating and watching the County’s current effort to update the tree protection policies. In that spirit, while the existing tree policies are reviewed and a new policy adopted, we urge the County of Sonoma to act swiftly and cease issuance of tree removal permits to prevent further destruction of trees, woodlands, and forests. As climate science tells us, existing trees are a large part of the climate saving-equation drawing down large quantities of the harmful carbon we continue to emit in large quantities (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Moomaw, Ph. D. et al. Intact Forests in the United States: Proforestation Mitigates Climate Change and Serves Greatest Good).
Science tells us that we have only ten years for making significant gains. Trees that are 10 years or older translate into time, this is the time we need to make the necessary adjustment to mitigate climate change impacts. Therefore, all trees at least 10 years of age must be preserved across the county’s landscape. Protected trees will provide substantial services to the community and future generations.
Major Long-term Economic and Community Safety Considerations
* Climate change is adversely affecting our existing community, our farms, and our watersheds;
• Reversing climate change is of the highest concern and effective measures to contribute to that effort must be implemented;
• Drastic reductions in emissions and drawing down carbon are critically important in that effort;
• Existing trees drawdown carbon immediately and on a large scale;
• Compromising our ability to drawdown carbon should not be an option at this time;
• Existing woodlands, forests, and trees must be preserved with minor exceptions (e.g. trees close to homes);
The Protection of Trees
Currently, Sonoma County permits large numbers of tree removal proposals on a yearly basis.
This is true despite the many valuable functions trees provide to the community including:
• Protection of our shared clean water supply insofar as woodlands of all sorts help infiltrate water into the aquifers for well owners and stream flows, reduce soil erosion by protecting soils from runoff of stormwaters, and help moderate soil heating and soil loss from extreme solar exposure deep ripping, etc.;
• Mature trees are more fire resilient;
• Trees provide free services to the community and are better than “shovel ready” because they are doing critical work for us already;
• Mature trees sequester by far more carbon than seedlings and saplings;
• Woodlands support very high levels of biodiversity which is critical to humans as well as other species;
• Protecting trees safeguards soil and groundwater through their deep root structure and works in combination with canopy shade that also provides micro-climate enhancement;
• Trees create wet weather systems that we need on large and small scales; and
• The upper canopy of woodlands cool the soil below and facilitate absorption of rainfall into the ground for human and other uses.
Actions Required
• Refrain from issuing tree removal permits until such time as the County has in place a Comprehensive Tree Protection Policy that is based on the latest climate science;
• Create County policy so that mature trees are of the highest value to the health and safety of our community in the fight to rein in climate change.
• Ensure that the new policy is fair–projects and proposed activities will be treated the same and existing mature trees, woodlands, and forests will be presumptively protected;
• The County should look at narrow exceptions for creating reasonable defensible space around individual homes for fire protection (see Jack Cohen, Ph. D.);
Forest Unlimited has, and especially now, views all mature trees as highly valuable and urges the County of Sonoma to move forward a comprehensive and climate appropriate protection policy that honors our children and begins the long process of mitigating past and ongoing development activities.
We look forward to a successful update process that is based on the climate science.
Sincerely,
Larry Hanson
President of the Board of Directors
Forest UnlimitedIsn’t it a little startling to look at US past performances and see how little “live” information is in them? For example, anyone who has ever played the races knows there’s frequently a discrepancy between the listed post time for virtually any race and the actual post time. Tracks routinely fall behind for myriad reasons, or sometimes accelerate their schedule (typically due to impending weather)–and PPs typically do not account for this.
We apologize for not addressing this sooner, but as of now you will see live, accurate Minutes to Post in the Race Header section of TimeformUS PPs–no need to constantly check the toteboard for how much time you have; it’s right in your PPs.
A few notes about this new feature:
1) We will list official post times until the betting is open for a track for the day. So as soon as live data is available for the first race or any subsequent race, we’ll switch over to the live feed that race.
2) When betting closes on a given race, our PPs will display “OFF” for Minutes To Post. Prior to “OFF” you will often see “0 Min” for a few minutes, meaning that the race is imminent, but you can still get a bet in–but hurry. And yes, we have considered showing “negative minutes to post” for tracks that are chronically behind schedule!
3) Soon we’ll use this new feature to take you directly to the next race in any track’s PPs, rather than simply defaulting to Race 1. We’re excited to streamline your raceday even further!
4) Another benefit of this feature is if there are last-minute scratches, they will typically be reflected in our PPs, and if time permits, we’ll even run a fresh Pace Projector accounting for any late scratches.
5) Most tracks have agreed to let us use their live Minutes to Post data, but a few have not. For those tracks we’ll continue to use “static” Minutes To Post data.
We’re also pleased to add live Win odds to our Past Performances. You’ll see them appear next to the Morning Line odds in our PPs, and once again it’ll save you the time of having to use multiple sources to look for current Win odds. Please note that live odds typically come in every 30-60 seconds, and when the price on a horse changes, we will have the live odds field blink with the change. That way, you’ll know that we have in fact consumed the most recent odds data, and are displaying it.
A few notes about the live odds feature, quite similar to the notes on Minutes To Post:
1) We will list official Morning Lines until the betting is open for a track for the given day. As soon as live odds data is available for the first race or any subsequent race, we’ll display it next to the Morning Line.
2) The odds you see on the left side navigation under each horse’s name will be Live Odds, once the data is available on a given race.
3) The “Odds: Mine” field is placeholder for a tool that will eventually let you set your own line and more easily spot value vs. the live odds.
4) Most tracks have agreed to let us use their live odds data, but a few have not. For those tracks we’ll continue to display only the Morning Line, and display a dash in the PPs where the live odds would otherwise be populated.
Any questions? Please contact us at support@timeformus.com
being brand new to horse racing i need to do a step by step analyzing right up to making the bet. what have you got for me on that?
Start here:
Awesome additions, great job to the entire team. Now all you need to do is acquire a good ADW, and you become the default site for handicapping and wagering!
Well done.Property Attributes
- MLS#719025
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyWASHINGTON
- CityChipley
- Area10 - Washington County
- NeighborhoodSunny Hills
- Zip32428
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built1972
- Taxes$ 399
- Price$ 99,000
- Bedrooms2
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1346
- Lot Size9,583 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Coldwell Banker Carroll Realty
Data Source:
Central Panhandle Association of REALTORS® (CPAR) - 300 - FL
Property Description
This is an opportunity to buy cheap and invest sweat equity into your home, or flip! Some work to do but has a new roof and could be adapted to fit your wants.house sold AS-IS.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWith the transition to value-based payment models in healthcare, Primary Care Physicians (PCPs) are seeing a greater need for more efficient care management for high-risk patients and an urgency to manage smarter transitions quickly. According to study performed by Beckers, 66% of readmissions happen within the first 15 days after a hospital discharge. This urgency puts a whole new focus on care transitions from hospital to post-acute care providers and their role amongst the broad care team to keep patients at home longer.
Dr. Chris Trotz and his team at South Jersey Family Medicine put together a program to prevent readmissions, improve patient safety, and enhance patient satisfaction. The initiative focused on increasing communication with a team that historically had no close bond or relationship with the patient — a challenge for a hyper-fragmented and isolated post-acute care segment. They worked with PreparedHealth to integrate the platform into the workflow across the broad care team. Total health management enabled the team to proactively manage the patient case with real-time connectivity. The program resulted in no readmissions within 30 days for any patients enrolled in the program, along with a 20% reduction of the beneficiary cost of care.
We sat down with Dr. Trotz to get a more in-depth look at how he is creating an expanded care team virtually. The conversation was enlightening and he agreed to let us share his secrets to success that will no doubt help many other Primary Care Physicians, as well as Geriatricians, Nurse Practitioners, Care Managers, and other types of providers who need to better utilize their relationships with post-acute providers.
Step 1: Pick the Right Team
Know how you really want to work with your partners and coach them. Create a care team driven by quality of care and a willingness to rally around the patient. Find other providers who are eager to communicate about the patient in real time and engage with each other. Increase engagement between the primary care office, long-term care facilities, skilled nursing facilities, home care agencies, and hospital case managers coordinating discharges from the hospital.
Step 2: Put the PCP at the center
The person who knows the patient best needs to be included at the center of the dialogue. The PCP has the historical knowledge to help the team make quicker, more efficient decisions on interventions and avoid excessive or repeated testing and care.
Step 3: Create Situational Awareness
As a PCP, coach the new team members on the psycho-social aspects of the individual that may contribute to the urge to transition quickly back to the hospital when unnecessary. Being accessible, especially during the initial care transition period is critical to stabilizing a patient in a new, unfamiliar care setting. Often times the needs are not clinical, but behavioral and social in nature. Go beyond a referral or care transition and continue to communicate especially in that critical first 15-day window where most readmissions take place.
Step 4: Engage the Family
Often times the PCP treats the disease or condition. We need to treat the person, which also includes their environment and family members. Most anxiety for a patient stems from their family. Learn to create a respected, empowered relationship where they become an extension of the care team. Engage, inform and educate them on how to be effective and become an extension of your care team. Doing so can prevent unnecessary utilization, and accelerate recovery in their desired care setting, often their home.
Step 5: Set Communication Expectations
Be clear on the types of communication updates you want and what frequency. Technology is great, but with 1000s of patients to care for, a detailed text chat on all of them is not realistic. Set your escalation parameters and key areas that require heightened and active engagement. For example, sudden changes in behavior, non-compliance with medication or therapy, rapid deterioration of condition, lack of community or home-based support are all critical items that PCPs need relayed to them in order to provide timely intervention.
Keep Learning with Us
Want to learn more about PreparedHealth and how we are using technology to transform health in the the home? Subscribe to our newsletter to stay in touch!
COVID-19 Support Room
Wellbeing Centre
- Bereavement
- Blood and Transplant
- BSUH and Referrals
- Cancer
- Carers
- Child Health
- Cholesterol and Cardiovascular
- Community Groups
- Depression, Anxiety & Stress
- Diabetes
- Domestic Abuse
- Drugs and Alcohol
- Elderly Care
- Learning and Physical Disabilities
- LGBT+
- Maternity
- Menopause
- Physiotherapy
- Sexual Health
- Social Care
- Stop Smoking
- Weight Management
Health
- Clinics and Services
- Home Visits
- Opening Hours
- Practice Boundary
- Prescriptions
- Primary Care Networks
- Register for Online Services
- Social Prescribing
Policies and Procedures
- Accessible Information Standards
- Access to Medical Records
- Complaints Procedure
- Confidentiality
- Dental Policy
- DNA Policy
- E-Cigarette Policy
- Fair Processing Notice
- Firearm Licence
- Freedom of Information
- GDPR
- GP Earnings
- Infection Control Statement
- NHS National Data opt-out Programme
- Non-NHS Work
- Rights and Responsibilities
- Suggestions, Comments and Complaints
- Summary Care Records
- Zero ToleranceSean Sirur
Sean Sirur
Wolfson Building, Parks Road, Oxford OX1 3QD
Projects:
Interests
My main interests are currently in trust and reputation. Trust is a multi-faceted concept which can (and should) be tackled through multiple disciplines and methodologies; my particular angle is through formalisation. My current work is focusing on formalising attacks against theoretical models of reputation and trying to understand how they may manifest in practice. My background is in theoretical computer science, security and physics with a focus on formal languages, cryptography and statistical mechanics.
I have strong interests in social and psychological phenomena also (still with a leaning towards formal, theoretical work). As such, I enjoy keeping an eye on work in analytical sociology which is a growing area with a lot of potential. More broadly, I am interested in studying the exploitation and defence of sociological phenomena (such as trust) through a formal lens.Episode 89
Develop A Service Mindset with guest Jeff Miller
May 30th, 2021
27 mins 43 secs
About this Episode
Jeff Miller from HELLO This Is Jeff uses design to connect people to causes that matter.
Today Jeff shares his passion for telling stories through branding and the importance of getting to know the people and stories behind the brand. He explains how a service mindset is a key part of the work he does.
You will leave this conversation with Jeff encouraged in your journey to connect faith and work in your business.
Subscribe and leave a review of Connecting Faith and Work on your favorite podcast platform!Support Connecting Faith and Work
Episode Links
- Hello This Is Jeff — Let's connect people to causes that matter through intelligent branding. It all starts with asking the right questions to discover your unique your brand story.
- Bonus YouTube Video with Jeff Miller
- Ambassadors for Business
- 10 Ideas for Sharing Your Faith at Work
- G7 Networking Groups
- Mighty Warriors 2000 and "The Corrosion of show" in 2004-5, there was also in 2004 "News") alternate with monologues and songs, with lyrics written for four hands with always, Gianluca Martinelli.
In television, Carlo Fava has participated in the program of Roger Whittaker "Those who Jannacci" and " Colorado Cafè ", led by Diego Abatantuono . The song "The Corrosion was the symbol of the television program" Okkupati "of Rai 3 .
In 2005 leaves Following Virgil - in and out of Quartetto Cetra , a tribute to Virgilio Savona of Quartetto Cetra , various artists album to revisit some songs in Savona. Among these was Carlo Fava The jokes with the song.
He participated in the Sanremo Festival 2006 in tandem with Noa with the song "One Voice", which won the special prize of the critics. In May 2009 he released his fourth album entitled "Snow", which contains eight new songs for voice, viola and piano..Do you have a blind spot driving your business issues?
“It isn’t what we don’t know that gives us trouble, it’s what we know that ain’t so.” – Will Rogers
I’m pretty sure we all carry around head trash – things that we believe that aren’t actually true. Of course since we believe it, it never crosses our mind that it might not be true – essentially it’s a blind spot.
The problem with head trash or a blind spot is that it can make things harder than they need to be…or even potentially make it impossible to succeed. We look at data, analyze options and make decisions – all without realizing that we’re using a filter that’s keeping us from seeing the real picture.
Let me give you an example – I’ve talked to 3 different business owners in the last 2 weeks and although they were in very different businesses and industries, all 3 of them shared a crippling problem that was rooted in head trash.
They all believed that they cannot charge any more for their product / service than what they are currently charging.
Maybe they’re right – they may be priced exactly in line with the marketplace for what they’re offering.
However – even if that’s true (which I don’t think it is) – that leaves them with at least 2 major problems.
Problem #1 – they aren’t making enough money
If they’re right and they absolutely can’t charge anymore than they are today, then their business model is broken. They are struggling, working way too many hours and doing too many things themselves because there isn’t enough money flowing to the bottom line for them to be able to scale in a healthy way.
When you have a business that can’t generate enough to cover all of your costs (including a market based wage for you as the owner) plus a healthy profit margin of at least 10%, then you have a business that’s on life support. You may be able to limp along indefinitely, but it’s really hard going and any kind of negative surprise will immediately put a lot of pressure on you financially.
The lack of profitability makes it impossible for you to build up reserves and weather downturns.
Problem #2 – they aren’t different enough
If they are priced exactly in line with whatever else is out there, customers will perceive their product or service as being essentially the same as the competition. When customers have choices, and everything looks the same, then they will make their choice based on price. A losing scenario any way you slice it. Either you’re going to lose out on opportunities because your competition decides to undercut your pricing…or you’re going to lower your pricing to get the business, which leads us back to problem #1…you aren’t making enough money as it is.
You’ve got a blind spot putting a cap on pricing with a side effect of selling a product that looks like everything else out there.
How do you break the blind spot?
Unfortunately, blind spots are hard to break. By definition, you don’t recognize that you have an issue. You have a firm belief in something that isn’t true – and that firm belief will keep you from questioning things that need to be questioned.
That said, there are a couple of things you can do that will help.
1. Get some outside perspective
One of the biggest advantages of an outside advisor…like maybe a business coach?…is that they are less likely to share your blind spots. They don’t have the emotional attachment and they have worked with other businesses and have a broader view of what’s possible.
But having an outside advisor only works if you are actually open to their ideas. You don’t have to agree and act on everything or even anything they say, but you do need to be willing to consider any new ideas they bring up.
2. Think about your business as a Science Project
If you approach your business as a lab experiment, then it’s perfectly natural to try new things, in a controlled fashion. If you believe that your pricing is as high as it can go, but you need to make more money, then try an experiment and change your business model and your pricing and see what happens. How could you add value, change the perceptions of what you offer…and charge more? Come up with a new variation and try selling that for the next month or two and see what kind of response you get. Maybe raise your price for a specific area or product as a controlled experiment.
Constantly be looking for ways to learn new things and let the data drive where you go next.
Just being aware that you might have some blind spots will help you mitigate the risk – but it’s a constant battle and you’ve got to be always on the lookout for believing things that might not be true.
Are you aware of any blind spots that you’ve got? Or maybe something you’ve overcome in the past? How did you break out of it? We’d love to hear your thoughts.
Shawn Kinkade Kansas City Business Coach- publish: 10 October 2020
- time: 4:11 pm
- category: Politics
- No: 15651
10 Afghan children smuggled by Taliban into Pakistan to be sent home
The Peshawar High Court (PHC) in Pakistan on Friday placed 10 Afghan children into the custody of the Afghan consulate after ascertaining the minors had been smuggled into Pakistan.
Abdul Hameed Jalili, from the Afghan consulate, who attended the court hearing told journalists the children hailed from Afghanistan’s Badakhshan province.
He said the children had been sent to Akora Khattak by the Taliban illegally to be enrolled in a madrassa for religious education.
The high court’s chief justice Waqar Ahmed Seth, ordered the consulate to ensure the children are reunited with their parents.
In addition, he told authorities to continue the investigation and submit their findings to the court.
The court heard from police, the children were smuggled, without documents, from Badakhshan province in Afghanistan into Pakistan and enrolled in a madrassa in Akora Khattak town in Nowshera.
Dawn News reported that the court heard an application filed by an Afghan refugee cardholder, who said he had brought the children, who are his relatives, to Akora Khattak’s refugee camp.
According to the applicant, the children had been taken away by a madrassa and the administration had refused to let him see the children.
Police told the court that the children had been brought to Pakistan illegally and had no valid documents, while the applicant in turn could not explain how he managed to get the children into Pakistan.
The court ordered police to arrest the applicant and investigate the matter thoroughly.
When asked why they were brought to Pakistan, the children — all of whom are aged 10 or under — said they were in the country to get religious education.
The bench was told that the children could not speak Pashto or Urdu and a translator was brought in.
The translator told the court that “it seemed as if the children have been brainwashed. They answer each question together.”
The chief justice asked authorities how the children were smuggled into the country without agencies being alerted.
“Children were brought here from Afghanistan and no one knows about this. What are the agencies doing?” Justice Seth asked.
The court also ordered police to arrest staff at the madrassa and to find out if there were other Afghan children at that facility and others.Table of Contents
- 1 Our Car Key Replacement Services
- 1.1 Related Links
- 1.2 Expert & Professional
- 1.3 24 Emergency Auto Locksmith in Bishopsbourne
- 1.4 Mobile Auto Locksmith in Bishopsbourne
- 1.5 Lost or Stolen Car Key Replacement in Bishopsbourne
- Bishopsbourne to provide you same-day replacement car key services. One of our car lock specialists can be with you to provide assistance within less than 30 minutes of placing a call to us, regardless of your location in Bishopsbourne.
Private and commercial vehicle owners alike in Bishopsbourne. Our services at autolocks LTD are also competitively priced.
Bishopsbourne car owners, more often than not, choose us over main dealers because we deliver our key replacement services faster as well as at a lower price.. Our non-destructive techniques and specialised equipment are what make this possible. We can create a replacement key for you on the spot, anywhere in Bishopsbourne, within 30 minutes of you placing a call to us. Our expertise and professionalism can be seen in how we’ve consistently made our Bishopsbourne clients happy over the years. To get a replacement key service that will make you happy as well, talk to us today on our helpline.
24 Emergency Auto Locksmith in Bishopsbourne regularly offer this service to Bishopsbourne Bishopsbourne
To ensure getting a replacement key is as convenient as possible for you, we come to you after you call, instead of you coming to us. Regardless of your location in Bishopsbourne, we can arrive there in 30 minutes or less to provide you with a replacement key. autolocks LTD specialists can, if necessary, enter your car without causing any damage and prepare a replacement key for you there and then.
Combining our expertise with the right tools ensures that you never have to pay exorbitantly for a replacement key. You can take advantage of our replacement key services at any time of the day, regardless of your location in Bishopsbourne. You can arrange for our technician to visit your location at a convenient hour, or to show up within half an hour if it’s an emergency. To arrange an appointment, call us now.
Lost or Stolen Car Key Replacement in Bishopsbourne worked with in Bishopsbourne include:
If the above list doesn’t contain your car brand The probability is high that we can still deliver replacement keys for your vehicle.. This service can be provided to you fast, regardless of your location in Bishopsbourne.
Proximity Keys
Proximity keys are designed to provide owners convenient access to their vehicles. Bishopsbourne often provide replacement keys at a higher cost..
We are available around the clock on 07946705894 for a free, instant, and accurate quote. Rest assured that our services are of the highest quality and offered at the best prices.
30minute response or less
We can have one of our auto locksmiths dispatched and at your location in Bishopsbourne within half an hour. This makes us the best choice in Bishopsbourne when you need a replacement key for your car, fast.
Car key replacement and programming while you wait
We’ve helped different car owners in Bishopsbourne solve a variety of problems concerning their keys.custom interior, bolgia custom interior quote Custom interiors Bolgia, Brazil is a beautiful place to live.
The city of Bolgiola is a mix of the traditional and the modern.
It’s also known for its amazing variety of art and culture.
Located in the Brazilian Amazon rainforest, Bolgiana is one of the world’s most diverse cities.
Located on a remote island, Bolgatia is known for the rich cultural diversity of its residents.
Its rich heritage, and the unique climate, make Bolgatía a city to visit and to immerse oneself in.
Bolsatia is also known as the “City of Love” due to its vibrant and welcoming environment.
In the past, it was a popular destination for travelers from all over the world.
Bolgatians are known for their diverse lifestyle, with the city’s traditional cuisine consisting of traditional cuisine, a diverse cuisine of traditional artisans, and traditional wine.
Balsamaria, a tropical resort located in the heart of Bolgatias famous town of Balsamso, is a popular resort.
It was founded by a Brazilian who was exiled from his home country in Brazil.
The resort’s name comes from the fact that locals use the word Balsamiirara for the tropical region in which it’s located.
It is a famous beach resort for locals, who travel to the resort to swim and sunbathe.
It has also hosted numerous international competitions including the Miss Universe competition.
Bolgas, a coastal city of Belgrade in Serbia, is located on the southern coast of Serbia.
It features a large and diverse coastline.
The famous Belga river, located between the city of Vljebo and the Serbian island of Ljubljana, flows through the city and is a natural attraction for visitors.
Belga has a rich cultural history.
The historical town of Belga, where the city is located, is home to some of the oldest churches in Europe, such as the church of Saint Vitus, which dates back to the 12th century.
Belgas famous night life is also an example of Belgians unique style.
In addition to its cultural and historic attractions, Belgastans nightlife is also very interesting, with its eclectic nightlife featuring everything from DJs, live bands, and street performances.
The region is also home to many beautiful tropical islands.
Belgaria is located in southeastern Croatia, a former Yugoslav republic with a population of nearly 7 million.
It also boasts a large number of beaches, with many of them located in Montenegro, Slovenia, and Serbia.
Its famous mountains and valleys are home to more than 200 national parks, including some of them in Montenegroc.
The Belgrade region is known as one of Europe’s most beautiful and picturesque.
It enjoys the warm climate and is famous for its historical architecture.
The people of Belgar are known as traditionalists, with a rich heritage of their culture.
The cultural diversity is also reflected in the architecture of the city.
It includes an impressive collection of buildings and monuments, including the Palazzo della Sospita di Santa Lucia, the oldest cathedral in Europe.
The Balsamo church was built in the 11th century by the local inhabitants and is one the oldest buildings in the city, dating back to 11th-12th century, according to the museum.
The UNESCO World Heritage Site of Belgars National Park is located along the banks of the River Belgorod in Belgrade.
This is a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site, which encompasses a variety of cultural and natural resources.
Its a very popular tourist destination, with international tourists visiting the city to enjoy the beauty of its surroundings and its historic architecture.
Belsa, a beautiful city in Slovenia, is the capital of Slovenia and is the second largest city in the country.
Located along the border with Croatia, it is one to visit for its unique historical culture, its diverse landscape, and its stunning mountains.
Brescia, a city in southern Italy, is known worldwide for its art and architecture.
Located between Milan and Bologna, Brescian culture is based on the Mediterranean region, and is known mainly for its famous and famous architectural style.
The traditional town of La Spezia is a wonderful example of the ancient art style.
Bolognese cuisine is renowned for its rich history.
It incorporates the cuisine of the Mediterranean, from Italy to Greece, which has been influenced by Greek cuisine.
It even has its own cuisine.
Brela, an urban area in southern Croatia, is famous as the capital and the largest city of the country, with about 8 million inhabitants.
It hosts many international festivals and events, including Carnival, St. Patrick’s Day, and Easter.
Briccia, another beautiful city on the border of Croatia, has a vibrant and beautiful heritage of the cities architecture, whichFIFA Best Awards: Ronaldo, Modric, Salah go dig am out for Men's Player of di Year award
Wia dis foto come from, Getty Images
FIFA go announce di winner on September 24 for Royal Festival Hall London
FIFA on Monday nominate Cristiano Ronaldo, Luka Modric and Mohamed Salah as di final three for di Best Men's Player of di Year award.
Ronaldo and Modric help Real Madrid to win Champions League before di Portuguese move go Juventus, while Salah score 44 goals for all competition for Liverpool last season.
For di first time since 2006, FIFA no look Lionel Messi side even as im help im club Barcelona win Spanish La Liga and Copa Del Rey.
Di Best FIFA Football Awards go happun on 24 September for Royal Festival Hall, London.
FIFA Best Awards: See di full list here
Men's Player
Cristiano Ronaldo (POR/Juventus, formerly Real Madrid)
Luka Modric (CRO/Real Madrid)
Mohamed Salah (EGY/Liverpool)
Women's Player
Ada Hegerberg (NOR/Olympique Lyon Feminin)
Dzsenifer Marozsan (GER/Olympique Lyon Feminin)
Marta (BRA/Orlando Pride)
Men's Coach
Zlatko Dalic (CRO/Croatia national team)
Didier Deschamps (FRA/France national team)
Zinedine Zidane (FRA/formerly Real Madrid)
Women's Coach
Reynald Pedros (FRA/Olympique Lyon Feminin)
Asako Takakura (JPN/Japan women's national team)
Sarina Wiegman (NED/Netherlands women's national team)
Goalkeeper
Thibaut Courtois (BEL/Real Madrid, formerly Chelsea)
Hugo Lloris (FRA/Tottenham Hotspur)
Kasper Schmeichel (DEN/Leicester City)
Puskas Award)
Fan Award
Sebastián Carrera (CD Puerto Montt)
Japan and Senegal supporters
Peru supportersIn a interview to Lallantop, the former India opener claimed that Dhoni’s advice distracted him from completing three figures.  in the interview.
He further stated that Dhoni reminded him of those three runs, which, according to Gambhir, distracted," the cricketer-turned-MP added.
“That’s why, till I was on 97, I was in the present, but as soon as I thought, I am three runs away from getting a hundred, then that rush of blood caused by the desire to get to a hundred.,” GambhirThis is the start of something new
The only business accelerator made by mums, for mums
We know what it’s like to pay most of your salary on childcare fees.
We know what it’s like to love life at home with small people but crave something that’s just for you.
We know what it’s like to dream of being financially independent, to want a way of working that works for you & your family.
We think the entrepreneur life, does just that.
That’s why we built LaunchPad.
6 weeks
Guest Experts
& all the topics you need to move your business idea forward
If you think your idea is ready to be launched to the market, you need LaunchPad. This 6 week, unique, accelerator experience takes the best business ideas (thought up by mums) & moves them to the next level.
Accepted candidates are placed into a private online community with other like-minded mums & together we spend 6 weeks learning, testing & getting your business ready for take off.
Are you ready for it?
Apply for your place today
By Joe Talora, local democracy reporter
Leading members of the LGBTQ+ community have called on Sadiq Khan to reform Pride in London ahead of its 50th anniversary next year over accusations of racism, bullying and exploitation.
The annual event, which is overseen by a board of voluntary directors, is funded by the Mayor of London and has a contract with his office.
But Peter Tatchell, the LGBTQ+ human rights campaigner who helped organise the UK’s first Pride march, has said that Pride in London is “no longer abiding by its contract” with the mayor’s office and “has lost the trust and confidence of much of the LGBTIQ community”.
Earlier this year, Pride in London’s entire community advisory board along with its most senior Black member of staff resigned over concerns of racism within the organisation.
Fourteen leading members of the LGBTQ+ community, including Peter Tatchell, have now signed an open letter to Sadiq Khan calling on him to make significant reforms to Pride, including launching an independent investigation into the racism and bullying accusations.
Mr Tatchell said: “We are urging the Mayor to take action, given that Pride in London is no longer abiding by its contract and has lost the trust and confidence of much of the LGBTIQ community. I hope the Mayor will meet us.
“Our nine demands are a bid to fix the problems with Pride in London. They are a compilation of concerns expressed by a wide cross section of the LGBTIQ community.
“We do not claim to have all the answers. We see this letter as a catalyst for change. I hope it will generate a much-needed debate within our community about who runs Pride, how it is run and Pride’s future character and direction. We welcome others contributing ideas.”
The letter also outlines concerns that the annual Pride march in London – the largest in the UK – has become too commercial, with “corporate and commercial interests having undue influence” over the event.
Companies have been accused of “exploiting” the LGBTQ+ community by using the march as an “advertising and branding opportunity”, which detracts from its intention of promoting human rights.
With the official Pride march cancelled earlier this year, thousands gathered in London for the “Reclaim Pride” event in July that aimed to see the event return to its roots as a protest.
Peter Tatchell said that the success of the Reclaim Pride march “shows that there is a yearning for change” among the community.
Responding to the letter, a spokesperson for the Mayor of London said: “London will always be a beacon of inclusiveness, acceptance and diversity.
“The views and contribution of our city’s vibrant and diverse LGBTQ+ community are vital to shaping successful Pride in London events.
“As we look ahead to welcoming the 50th anniversary celebration of Pride in London next year, we are fully committed to supporting the community to deliver a safe and inclusive event.”
Most Related Links :
nativenewspost Governmental News Finance NewsVariable Dimming ModuleVDM
Variable Dimming Module-VDM.
Includes:
- 4, 0-10V Variable Voltage Outputs
- 1, Serial Port Outlet for Apex Ready Lighting
For more information, please visit out website hereSthlm Oversized Hoodie
114.95 CAD
Size guide
The ultimate oversized fleece hoodieClassic and comfortable brushed flannel pyjama shorts to keep you cozy during the winter months.
Product information
Part of the Sthlm Collection. The Sthlm Oversized Hood is the ultimate oversized hoodie made from ultra-soft 100% cotton fleece that’s brushed inside. It has dropped shoulders and an extra-long length, a hood in double layer self fabric, and adjustable drawstrings around the hood. Featuring ribbed cuffs and waist, a kangaroo pocket on the front for comfort, and a subtle iconic Borg label on the side. The model is 173cm tall and is wearing a size S.
- Soft fleece brushed inside
- Oversized style
- Dropped shoulders
- Adjustable drawstring
- Kangaroo pocket
Item number: 10000656ME005
100% Cotton
Made in: China(CN)
Wash with similar colours
Do not bleach
#Bjornborg - Follow the action
Give us a review
Sthlm Oversized Hoodie
114.95 CAD
Select sizeSince the introduction of the Apple Gatekeeper by MAC OSX, many researchers have focused their attention in trying to find flaws affecting it due to bypass Apple security and gain control of a device.
Patrick Wardle, director of research at Synack has already demonstrated another method called Apple dylib hijacking.
Today at Virus Bulletin in Prague, Patrick Wardle will again do another demonstration in how to bypass Gatekeeper, something that he is being working for some time now.
We don’t have many details but Patrick Wardle guaranteed that he shared his findings with Apple and the company is working on a patch to fix the issue.
The method that Patrick Wardle will demonstrate can require some ” re-architecting” of the OS, in order to fully exploit the Apple Gatekeeper.
As you probably know, Apple Gatekeeper runs a number of checks before allowing a App to run, in fact you will not be able to execute code that wasn’t signed by an Apple developer, you will not be able to run apps that weren’t downloaded from Apple’s store if the device is not jailbreaked of course.
What Patrick Wardle says is that the Apple Gatekeeper is falling to check if the app is running or loading other apps, or libraries. If you are able to convince the user into downloading a signed, but infected app from a third-party source, you could load a malicious library into a directory over an insecure HTTP download.
In the tests that Wardle did, he used signed Apple binaries and crafted them for his attack, in order to look like a DMG file, and tricking the user into downloading it. For the user all will look normal since it will look like a traditional app icon, but when executed, the DMG file will search for a malicious executable and run it.
“It’s not super complicated, but it effectively completely bypasses Gatekeeper,”.” Said Wardle,
Regarding OS versions affected by the Apple GateKeeper Bypass, Wardle believes that all versions, including the new El Capitan are affected, and he run his tests in an El Capitan beta version.
,” .“It’s not really a bug, but a limitation of Gatekeeper. I think fixing this requires significant code changes. It’s not like they can just patch a buffer overflow with an extra check. This will take some significant changes.”
.”
We can only wait and see what Apple will do with this, since the problem is related with the Apple Gatekeeper core, the way it was design, so does that mean that Apple will redesigned Gatekeeper? Time will tell.
About the Author Elsio Pinto
Edited by Pierluigi Paganini
(Security Affairs – Apple Gatekeeper, hacking)Septic Tank Contractor in Oakland, FL
Keep your systems functional when you turn to the professionals at American Septic Inc. At our family-owned company, our septic tank contractor in Oakland, FL, offers a complete variety of service options for any type of system. Whether you need maintenance or repairs, you can count on us to complete your job the right way the first time. Request assistance from our septic system contractor today and receive an effective fix for every issue.
Treating Every Problem with Your Septic System
Is your septic system no longer working effectively? Whether you notice a major clog or your system is already starting to back up into your plumbing, don’t delay in calling for help. Our local company is here to assist you. Receive the right service for every situation when you turn to our septic tank contractor for assistance. We proudly offer a variety of options for every type of setup. Speak with us today to use any of the following in your space:
- Septic Tank Pumping
- Emergency Septic Tank Repairs
- Lift Station Services
- Septic Tank System Repairs
- Septic Tank Inspections
- Septic Tank System Replacements
Trust the Expertise of Our Septic System Contractor
For an effective solution to every issue, it is important to turn to a professional for your septic tank service options. When you work with our team for your service needs, you can trust that our septic contractor will complete your job in a fast and effective manner. We treat your home with respect, and we work hard to deliver the top service possible.
Performing Full Inspections
Maintain your home’s drainage setup with support from our experienced septic tank contractor. Before we start on any repairs needed, we perform a full inspection to identify the true cause of the issue. By completing this inspection, we can determine the cause of every problem, ensuring that we do not waste time performing an unnecessary service.
Here for You Around the Clock
Unfortunately, it is impossible to predict when an issue will arise. For your convenience, our septic tank company is here to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Our contractors are available to perform a number of emergency service options. Turn to us at any hour for the right fix for your system.
Request Your Free Estimate Today
Don’t let a malfunctioning septic system damage your budget. We offer free estimates for each of our repairs, inspections, and other services.
Contact us to request an estimate from our septic tank contractor for your service needs. We proudly offer options for customers throughout Central Florida.Product code: 15894211 / 18380.
Size was spot on. These boots were so light and well fitting that I thought they might be not up to the walking job they needed to be for! However - they are so comfortable that i forget I am wearing them, which is exactly what you want. Not heavy on your foot, soft, and haven't rubbed at all. They are the first pair of boots I have bought since a pair of Solomon's about 17 years ago and I am more than pleased with them. Best purchase I’ve made in a long time.
Very comfortable and look good. Easy to put on and pull off.
A great product - I am so pleased with this purchase. After listening to the advice of Dan (Yeovil store) and trying on different styles in store I ordered these boots as they didn’t have my size.
I have always been reluctant to spend so much money on walking boots but I’ve paid for quality and comfort - well worth the money. No complaints at all.
These fitted perfectly from the off and I didn't need to 'break them in'.
I tried the Terra 11 as a potentially harder wearing boot but settled on the Cyrus and I'm very happy with them.
Comfortable but very slippery!!!
Mrs Moth is very happy with these ! It was the only pair of walking boots she would consider ! Style and performance etc! Had scarpa's for years they are the best I've ever had and I wear them daily ! Very happy to find these in the sale ! As I'm sure they are worth the price tag but they're always a bit better when they are better value.
+very pretty and temperature comfortable in warm and cold weather. good breathing. stays waterproof for long.
+ comfortable
- rigid sole. zero shock absorbtion, zero insole padding. rough walking. wouldn't take to long several-days walk
- more slippery sole compared to other boots I had
I bought a pair of these thinking they would be the dream boot. Such a trusted brand. I sent the first pair back, after multiple leaks and thought it might just be that pair. They replaced them no problem. The second pair are the same. These are not waterproof.
Fantastic fit and
super waterproof and comfortable
Lovely comfy boots, so excited to wear them today but come home and their wet inside the uppers- and it wasn’t even raining- just wet grass. No good. Going backglass beads | cotton tassels | gold plated brass earring hooks
purple glass beads | purple cotton tassels | purple cotton tassels with gold binding | gold plated brass earring hooks
length: 9,1 cm | width: 3,9 cm
60,00 €
Final price excl. shipping costs
Free shipping to the following countries: Show more Show lessTAIPEI, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--CyberLink Corp. (5203.TW), a pioneer in AI and facial recognition technologies, announced a partnership with QNAP® Systems Inc., which integrates CyberLink’s FaceMe® facial recognition engine into QNAP’s QVR Face and QVR Face Link smart facial recognition solutions. By leveraging CyberLink’s FaceMe® SDK, QVR Face Link can accurately recognize people’s faces, even when wearing a mask, with an accuracy rate of up to 98%.
QNAP is a market leader for NAS (Network Attached Storage), addressing the storage requirements of consumers and businesses of all sizes. On top of its cutting-edge hardware products, QNAP provides various value-added applications that expands NAS into areas such as surveillance, in which case the device is used as a NVR (Network Video Recorder).
Through the integration of CyberLink’s FaceMe® AI facial recognition engine, QNAP’s QVR Face Link can identify visitors by monitoring the live video feed of connected IP cameras, with up to 98% accuracy rate, even when they wear a mask. The integration of FaceMe® into QNAP’s QVR Face Link, enables a number of frictionless, accurate, and instantaneous functionalities such as visitor and employee management, access control, or traffic analysis in any type of facility from offices to factories, and residential buildings to retail stores. Additionally, QVR Face Link’s API allows developers to integrate third-party services, such as door lock control, time keeping, and attendance records.
“Facial recognition is one of the most transformative technologies of our time, and it is finding its way into a diverse and fast growing range of applications. FaceMe®, one of the world’s leading facial recognition engines, which includes mask wearing detection and can recognize people with up to 98% accuracy when wearing a mask over their nose and mouth, has been integrated into many security, access control and health screening solutions that have helped in the fight against Covid-19 and are now part of the new normal,” said CyberLink. ”It is our honor to work with QNAP, by integrating FaceMe®, our AI-based facial recognition technology, into QNAP’s QVR Face Link, enabling contactless access control and a set of people detection and recognition features.”
"QVR Face Link performs facial recognition and analysis on a NAS without the need to upload data to the cloud for further processing. This greatly enhances user privacy without impacting result accuracy – even if the person is wearing a mask,” said Hanz Sung, product manager of QNAP, adding “The solution is suitable for door access systems or where non-contact identification is required. QVR Face Link can also be combined with services like QNAP QVR Pro for recording content management services or with QVR DoorAccess to become an access control and attendance management systems to effectively reduce the risk of contact infection by having to remove masks for facial identification.”
CyberLink’s FaceMe® SDK is a cross-platform AI facial recognition engine and ranked as one of the most accurate in the world. Offering comprehensive operating systems support and optimized for IoT hardware and AI inference engines, FaceMe® provides IoT/AIoT developers and system integrators highly accurate and flexible facial recognition capabilities, enabling a wide range of solutions applicable across industries.
CyberLink’s FaceMe® engine is ranked as one of the most accurate facial recognition technologies globally by the renowned National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Facial Recognition Vendor Test (FRVT), listed top 6 in both 1:1 and 1:N tests. With the comprehensive support for operating systems, including Windows, Linux (Ubuntu, RedHat, CentOS), JetPack (Jetson), iOS and Android, and the optimization for CPU, GPU, SoC, APU, and VPUs, FaceMe® provide a flexible solution to enable facial recognition across a wide range of IoT/AIoT devices. about FaceMe®,.Location
Located at 2504/2506 Buddy Owens in McAllen TX 78504 in the Hacienda Office Center.
Sale
This is a Condo made up of two 1,300 SF units but was built out as one 2,600 SF office. This has a waiting room with restroom and reception area with private office. It also has two large offices and 6 small offices. It has a board room and kitchen and another restroom.There are 3 closets and a janitorial room.
Pdf download
Please type your email and we'll send you the mail with all pdfs attached. You can also download each pdf from the list below.
Insert this iframe on your site
Insert this iframe on your siteAugust 13, 2020
Trone joins lawmakers to support fight against synthetic drug trafficking
Credit: The Garrett County Republican
WASHINGTON — U.S. Reps. David Trone, D-Md., and Michael McCaul, R-Texas, along with Sens. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., and Rob Portman, R-Ohio, introduced the Fighting Emerging Narcotics Through Additional Nations to Yield Lasting Results Act to increase global cooperation in the fight against synthetic drug trafficking.
The FENTANYL Results Act, introduced Monday, would authorize two programs through the State Department that would build foreign law enforcement capacity to detect synthetic drugs and carry out an international exchange program for drug demand reduction experts.
Last month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released preliminary data showing a dramatic increase in overdose deaths from 2018 to 2019, which highlighted that synthetic drugs led to the greatest year over year increase in overdose deaths.
“My nephew, Ian Trone, died of a fentanyl overdose at the age of 24 alone in a hotel room, and since his passing, we’ve seen a dramatic and alarming increase in fentanyl and other synthetic opioid deaths across this country,” said Trone,, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, and Sen. Rob Portman on this bill that will direct new efforts within the State Department to ensure we are taking every possible step to end the flow of fentanyl and other synthetic drugs into the United States.”
“Fentanyl continues to fuel the overdose crisis in New Hampshire and take lives from every community in our state,”.”
“I’m proud to join my colleagues Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and Representatives Michael McCaul and David Trone on this bipartisan, bicameral bill that will continue our work to reduce the devastating effects of synthetic opioid drug production like fentanyl,” said.”.
Grapes & Acne
Acne is one of the most common issues affecting the skin, afflicting more than 17 million adolescents and adults in the United States, according to Henry Ferdowsian, MD, MPH, of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine. Like many chronic diseases of the skin, acne is influenced by the foods in your diet. Grapes are one food that might affect acne development.
Diet and Acne
The typical Western diet -- rich in refined carbohydrates and low in antioxidants and healthy fats -- is largely responsible for high rates of acne found in developed countries, reports a review paper published in the December 2002 "Archives of Dermatology." The paper adds that a trio of factors that induce acne -- oxidation, activity of sweat glands and insulin levels -- are largely influenced by dietary factors 1.
Antioxidants
Are Brown Rice and Sweet Potatoes Good for Acne?
Learn More
Oxidation is a natural by-product of your body's energy-producing pathways. While low levels of oxidation are benign, high levels of oxidation can increase sweat gland activity and clog pores, notes the book "The Dietary Cure For Acne," penned by nutrition scientist Loren Cordain, PhD 1. Like all fresh fruit, grapes are a rich source of antioxidants -- compounds that can significantly reduce oxidation. Grapes contain a powerful antioxidant known as resveratrol -- the compound in red wine that promotes health. Opt to eat the skin of grapes as this is where most of the fruit's antioxidants are found.
- Oxidation is a natural by-product of your body's energy-producing pathways.
- Grapes contain a powerful antioxidant known as resveratrol -- the compound in red wine that promotes health.
Glycemic Load
Different carbohydrate-rich foods influence your body's insulin levels in different ways. Some foods cause a ripple of insulin release, while others induce a massive spike in blood insulin. How much a given food impacts insulin is known as the glycemic load. High glycemic load foods promote large amounts of insulin release, while low glycemic load foods don't result in a rapid insulin rise. According to Henry Ferdowsian, MD, MPH, a high glycemic load diet promotes acne development. Grapes are a high glycemic load food. Their glycemic load of 8 is significantly higher than that of other fresh fruits, such as apples and pears.
- Different carbohydrate-rich foods influence your body's insulin levels in different ways.
- High glycemic load foods promote large amounts of insulin release, while low glycemic load foods don't result in a rapid insulin rise.
Considerations
Raisins And Acne
Learn More
Although not dangerous, acne should be treated under the supervision of a dermatologist. No study has investigated the effects of grapes on acne development. In addition to following a healthy diet, you can reduce acne by washing your face twice daily, reducing stress and limiting your intake of dairy products.
Related Articles
Are Brown Rice and Sweet Potatoes Good for Acne?
Learn More
Raisins And Acne
Learn More
Beta Carotene for Acne
Learn More
Which Nuts Are Good to Get Rid of Acne?
Learn More
Good Foods to Eat for Acne-Prone Skin
Learn More
Does Eating Apples Help Acne?
Learn More
Are Carrots Good for Acne?
Learn More
Home Remedy for an Infected Pimple
Learn More
Nuts & Acne
Learn More
How to Increase Sebum
Learn More
References
- The Dietary Cure For Acne; Loren Cordain, Ph.D.
- SkinTherapyLetter.com: Does Diet Really Affect Acne?
- Harvard University: Glycemic Index and Glycemic Load for 100+ Foods
- American Academy of Dermatology. Acne: Who gets and causes.
- American Academy of Dermatology. Adult acne.
- Zaenglein AL, Pathy AL, Schlosser BJ, Alikhan A, Baldwin HE, Berson, DS, et al. Guidelines of care for the management of acne vulgaris. J Am Acad Dermatol. 2016;74(5):945-73.e33. doi:10.1016/j.jaad.2015.12.037
-. What is new in the pathophysiology of acne, an overview. J Eur Acad Dermatol Venereol. 2017;31 Suppl 5:8-12. doi:10.1111/jdv.14374
-) doi: 10.3390/nu10081049
Writer Bio
Ryan Devon is a registered dietitian with a Master of Science in nutrition and health promotion from Simmons College. He starting writing in 2010, specializing in weight management and eating-disorder science.Infinix has officially confirmed via it twitter handle, that it will be announcing the Smart 5 smartphone in India on the 11th of February, which is around a week and two days from today. Although the Smartphone has been around since the close of 2020, but has been sold majorly in Africa and few Asian Pacific regions, but have not made it to India until now.
The Smart 5 is expected to arrive in India in Multiple colors of Morandi Green, 6 degree Purple, Aegean Blue and Obsidian Black, and Infinix have confirmed that it will begin teasing the key specs of the device via Flipkart starting from the 7th day of February.
The last Infinix smartphone announced in India was the Smart HD 2021, and that was back on the 24th of December 2020. This equally mean the first smartphone from Infinix to launch in India for 2021 will be this incoming Infinix Smart 5.
To know everything about your new upcoming SMART 5, stay tuned on 7th Feb. #savethedate#BiggerBetterFaster #AbRuknaNahi #StayTuned #SMART5 pic.twitter.com/GMBmK53yji
— InfinixIndia (@InfinixIndia) February 1, 2021
Unless Infinix may be introducing an entirely different phone as Smart 5 India, some of the specs the company will begin exposing from the 7th of February might include a 6.6-inches display, a quad-core MediaTek Helio A20 CPU, 3GB RAM and upto 32GB built-in storage.
All the hardware on the smart 5 will be harmonized using Android 10 with XOS custom skin on top, while power supply will come from a 5000mAh battery with 10W Charger. We should get more updates before the launch event.Source: Los Angeles Times (CA) Contact: 213-237-4712 Website: Pubdate: Wed, 20 May 1998 3-STRIKES LAW COURT RULING "State High Court Ruling Toughens 3-Strikes Law," May 15: The California Supreme Court says that the three-strikes law was very clear, but I certainly didn't know that a single criminal act could count as multiple strikes. I also didn't know that nonviolent crimes could count as strikes. Now we see Russell Benson get 25 years to life for stealing a carton of cigarettes. That may be allowed by the language of the law, but is that really what the voters had in mind? MIGUEL MUNOZ Los Angeles * * * The court's decision makes it more important than ever to temper our state's three-strikes law with common sense, fairness and humane consideration. I worked for more than 10 years in the L.A. County district attorney's office, so I understand the law enforcement perspective. I have been a victim of crime. But I'm also the father of a young man serving an unduly long prison sentence under our harsh three-strikes law. The pendulum has swung too far on the side of severe penalties. What does this say about a society and a justice system that have become as vicious as the crimes they seek to punish? What will we really gain by raising a generation of young people in prison? I recommend that the third strike must be a serious, violent felony. As in death penalty cases, inform juries that they are dealing with a "strikes" case and the possible consequences. Give judges more discretion to weed out the cases for which the three-strikes law was not intended. Finally, instead of this intense drive to incarcerate more and more young people, let's put more resources into education and rehabilitation. AL ALBERGATE Hermosa Beach Copyright Los Angeles Times - --- Checked-by: (Joel W. Johnson)THERE was some good news on the corporate front this week with the announcement Skipton financial company Computershare was returning to town.
It’s only a matter of months since it announced it was quitting for pastures new - across the border into West Yorkshire - so it was a surprise to hear it was making a return.
The vacated Gateway House hasn’t been completely devoid of people.
We understand part of the site was still being used by Skipton Building Society, but the vast majority of it was left empty.
In recent months it has been used as a Covid vaccination centre and we are still waiting for details if and when this will be moved.
In fact details are still sketchy about when Computershare intends to return.
There is no doubt it is good news though many will say the premises is too far out of town for resident workers to add to the local economy. There is also the possibility that many of the original 484 staff (at the last count) could work from home some of the week. It is also a base for future jobs for local people which is always good news.
But the fact of the matter is it is a large company and may well encourage other firms to set up in the district. It all adds to the feel-good factor of a town which is what everyone.BY ELNUR EMINOGLU, AZERI DAILY AUTHOR
This unusual question after the long-awaited hope for peace after the two bloody Karabakh wars from the early morning is on the lips of the residents of Azerbaijan and Armenia, caught unawares by the new military report from Lachin, Zangezur, Kalbajar. The cherished peace turned out to be just a short pause. The lips of politicians and diplomats fell silent, after which the machine guns began to speak again.
Armenia, like on the eve of the short-term July 2020 war on the contact line in Tovuz, tried to occupy strategic heights in the direction of the Lachin district, a narrow corridor in mountainous terrain connecting Armenia with the upper part of Karabakh. However, as in July 2020, the attack of the Armenian units was drowned out, and the Azerbaijani Army, forced to launch a counteroffensive, threw back the positions of the Armenian troops.
A collision in this section of the non-delimitated border has been brewing for a long time. In the foreground of the post-conflict picture, another Grigoryan, Mher and Shahin Mustafayev, were holding tense negotiations at the round table, divided by the ponderous Overchuk. In the background, near Western Zangezur, near Lachin, there were permanent clashes between Armenian and Azerbaijani military personnel, who tried to take more advantageous combat positions. Frequent skirmishes ended with the intervention of formidable Russian peacekeepers, who each time withdrew Armenian troops to their starting positions. Grigoryan and Mustafayev hardly moved with a pencil along the maps of mountain Zangezur. There, where Armenian soldiers, after a humiliating defeat, tried to intercept new positions of the Azerbaijani Army. For a year, Azerbaijan has long and desperately tried to convince Armenia of the need for an early delimitation of the borders. But the Armenian government, pursuing the goal of easy tactical success, tried to go out to the square to the supporters, albeit with lightweight, but joyful news from the front about the victory over 'the enemy who, after Karabakh, cherished the dream of returning historical Zangezur as well.' Pashinyan and his team needed to achieve at least momentary military success at any cost. But each time the wind of a ghostly revolutionary hope ran into a block of a well-armed and well-trained Azerbaijani Army.
Armenian units left the Azerbaijani heights with a drooping head sprinkled with ashes, and the 'square democracy' responsible for new defeats faced accusations of betrayal and accusations of incompetence in the Armenian Parliament that had become habitual.
Pashinyan again found himself drawn into the abyss of an internal political crisis. And to the main accusation within the country of surrender and national defeat, the main Armenian hostage -- the prime minister wanted to respond with a little military success. An imitation of doomed resistance. By and large, over the past year, Pashinyan himself turned into the main revanchist force, who tried to leave in the shadows the last year's historical failure at the expense of an ephemeral minimal military-adventurous success.
Baku has repeatedly warned Pashinyan, urged him in every possible way to return to the negotiating table in the name of building a new system of relations and regional security. Baku offered Pashinyan to start building the future world from scratch, leave in history two centuries of ethnic strife, reconcile with Turkey, support the 3+3 format put forward by Aliyev and Erdogan and adopted by the Kremlin. Pashinyan responded to Aliyev's constructivism with new boycotts and military provocations.
The Armenian PM has become the main hostage of the most complicated, chaotic and insoluble internal political situation. And Pashinyan tried to break the deadlock not with the help of diplomatic success and a peace treaty with Azerbaijan, showing his people a new path of development, but with an illusory confrontation with Baku. And a new confrontation, even an illusory one, promised a new war. It seemed to Pashinyan that Azerbaijan would not resort to new decisive measures and would avoid an open confrontation. To a greater extent, proceeding from the factor of the presence of Russian peacekeeping troops. As before, as in the period of the second Karabakh war, blackmailing Azerbaijan by involving a third force, be it Russia or NATO. But Pashinyan was wrong this time too. Azerbaijan has demonstrated that it is ready to deal the last blow to Armenia. Final. Despite blackmail and threats. After which Yerevan will have no other alternative but to return to the negotiating table to the ponderous Overchuk with a pencil in his hands. Having lost forever the desire to touch the damned gun...Outlet shopping, clearance sales and discount shopping in County Down., Joseph, Toyworld, Pavers, Mandarina Duck, Christy, Thorntons, Clavin Klein, Cotton Traders and Austin Reed.
The Outlet, Bridgewater Park, Banbridge Map
YOu may also be interested in the shopping villages in County Down and in the Republic of Ireland.
Shopping Villages A to Z by County
Have we missed your favourite Shopping Village or Outlet Centre?
Please let us know!News
IT for telecoms and internet organisations
- March 22, 2016 22 Mar'16
Ofcom forces BT Openreach to cut wholesale leased line prices
Ofcom forces BT Openreach to cut its wholesale prices for leased lines and imposes stricter services standards
-
Australian government defence report recognises cyber threat
The cyber threat to Australia is outlined in the recent government defence white paper, but experts are unimpressed
- 18, 2016 18 Mar'16
Cyber crime is driving UK fraud losses, totalling £755m in 2015
Payment card fraud accounted for 75% of UK fraud losses in 2015, most of which was remote purchase fraud using card details stolen though data hacks and malware, says FFA UK
-
Crypto ransomware lurks in ads on popular websites
Security researchers warn that the major ransomware malvertising campaign that hit popular websites at the weekend may not be over yet
- March 16, 2016 16 Mar'16
Salford Council puts gigabit fibre into public housing
Salford Council in Greater Manchester is to deploy fibre to the premises (FTTP) broadband across its council housing portfolio
-
-
Ofcom data breach highlights insider threat
That a former employee of communications regulator Ofcom stole data should act as a warning about the insider threat in every organisation, say experts
- March 11, 2016 11 Mar'16
Europe’s CIOs examine impact of new data protection regulation
Belgian IT leader group Beltug is joining other organisations across Europe in preparing for the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
-
Third of knowledge workers expect their jobs to be computerised in five years
Knowledge workers realise their jobs will either change dramatically or disappear as the result of new technology, according to research
- 09, 2016 09 Mar'16
IT outsourcing consultancy Alsbridge enters overlooked Australia
IT outsourcing consultancy sets up operations in Australia, which it says has been overlooked for outsourcing services
- March 08, 2016 08 Mar'16
Virgin supplies Ethernet connectivity to Met Office supercomputer
The Met Office has awarded the contract to provide Ethernet connectivity for its next-generation supercomputer to Virgin Media Business
- March 08, 2016 08 Mar'16
Satellite data links to bring European air traffic management up to date
The European Space Agency awards Inmarsat a contract to develop a satellite-based data link communications system for air traffic management
- March 07, 2016 07 Mar'16
Mobile payments fund Tanzanian ambulance taxi service
NGOs in Tanzania use M-Pesa mobile payments to fund a life-saving ambulance taxi service in rural Tanzania
- 02, 2016 02 Mar'16
AWS cuts cloud data transfer fees for academic and research user groups
Cloud services giant Amazon Web Services (AWS) rolls out discounts in bid to lower the cost barrier to making scientific discoveries
-
- March 01, 2016 01 Mar'16
Buckinghamshire Council frees transport data to create smart suburbs
Local authority has partnered with IoT platform developer InterDigital to establish a county-wide smart transport model
- February 29, 2016 29 Feb'16
European Commission releases legal details of EU-US Privacy Shield
EC claims the publication of legal texts and written assurances marks the start of the new-look data-sharing agreement coming into force
-
UK government and GSMA team up to fight poverty with mobile tech
The Department for International Development is funding a project by mobile operator group GSM Association (GSMA) that uses mobile technology to help people in developing countries
-
University of Greenwich data breach highlights the dangers of insider threats
A personal data breach at the University of Greenwich highlights the repercussions for organisations that fail to review what they publish online
- 16, 2016 16 Feb'16
UK government invites comment on porn site age check plans
Public consultation launched on how best to enforce age restrictions on pornographic web content
-
Vodafone’s global tax burden drops by £5bn
Mobile operator’s worldwide tax bill has fallen by 36% in the past 12 months following significant divestments
- February 15, 2016 15 Feb'16
Spy bill review fails to address all issues, says cyber expert
UK parliament’s Joint Committee review fails to address issues of collateral damage and business protection by spy agencies, says cyber security expert
- February 15, 2016 15 Feb'16
AT&T to test first 5G wireless systems this year
Network operator announces plans to test 5G technology to provide wireless connectivity before the end of 2016
-
Amnesty International joins calls for UK spy law changes
Amnesty International urges the UK government to re-draft its Investigatory Powers Bill to restore public confidence through proper judicial oversight
-
MK:Smart enlists IoT supplier ThingWorx for speedy development
Milton Keynes smart city project selects ThingWorx to provide a rapid application deployment environment
-
-
Corporate Australia explores new ways to nurture data-based innovation
Australian enterprises are investing in creating the right environment for innovation around data
- February 09, 2016 09 Feb'16
BCS calls for criminalisation of reckless data disclosure
The BCS believes criminalising reckless disclosure would reassure the public in how data is managed under planned surveillance laws
- February 09, 2016 09 Feb'16
Asean PC sales drop 5.5% in 2015 fourth quarter
Weak consumer demand and high inventories blamed for falling PC sales in Asean, which mirror Asia-Pacific trend
- Feb 05, 2016 05 Feb'16
Italy embraces cloud storage for multiple platforms
Investment in the cloud and storage is rising rapidly in Italy as customers see the benefits of cloud storage for many use cases and the savings it can bring
-
IoT risks raise concerns among IT specialists in central and eastern Europe
The internet of things is gaining momentum in central and eastern Europe, but IT professionals have worries over security
- 04, 2016 04 Feb'16
Google’s Chrome to flag deceptive embedded content
Browser will warn of any embedded content such as ads that pretend to act like, and look and feel like, a trusted entity
-
Portsmouth uses Bluetooth and Wi-Fi to ease traffic woes
City council manages traffic flow and eases congestion with a wireless, Bluetooth IoT sensor network
- February 02, 2016 02 Feb'16
WhatsApp reaches one billion user milestone
As the WhatsApp messaging service hits a new peak, Facebook plans to use it to make money by enabling businesses to communicate with customers
- February 01, 2016 01 Feb'16
Ofcom: O2 acquisition will damage competition and retail markets
Ofcom chief executive Sharon White outlines the regulator’s concerns over Three’s acquisition of O2
- February 01, 2016 01 Feb'16
Oracle to build cloud datacentre in Abu Dhabi
Move seen as acknowledgement that local presence is required for increased cloud growth
-
-
Address IoT security risks before it is too late, urges report
Cyber crime defences are lagging behind IoT development, which could be disastrous for producers and consumers alike, warns Telefónica report
- January 28, 2016 28 Jan'16
Facebook shares top $100 on bumper fourth quarter
Facebook's share price has risen above $100 in response to better than expected annual and fourth-quarter results for 2015
-
Average DDoS attacks fatal to most businesses, report reveals
Criminal activity is top motivation for DDoS attacks as average attacks become strong enough to down most businesses, Arbor Networks report reveals
- January 26, 2016 26 Jan'16
Ofcom to let SMEs ditch broadband contracts due to slow speeds
Ofcom announces protections and rights for SMEs buying standard broadband products78 Vista Del OroCerrillos, NM 87010505-424-8995
Spectacular views, exquisite peace and privacy on a glorious 65 acre mountain estate. Ceremonies, receptions, lodging & retreats.
602-466-2501
A New Mexico total LGBT Resource Guide from A to Z. Your best way to reach the Gay Market. Yes, we produce the website you are looking at right now!Jim Cuddy couldn’t hide his enthusiasm when he got his first look at the newly renovated Massey Hall this week.
“It’s so amazing. It’s beautiful,” he said as he walked out on stage.
The songwriter, singer and guitarist for Blue Rodeo was on a private tour of the iconic Toronto music venue with Massey Hall CEO Jesse Kumagai and the CBC’s Eli Glasner. It was three days away from the Nov. 25 reopening, and construction workers and sound engineers were still installing seats and setting up equipment to get the hall ready for the first audience since it closed for renovations in June 2018.
“I can’t wait to play here,” said Cuddy, whose band has performed at the legendary hall dozens of times. “I can’t wait to see somebody here. It feels like it got an incredible shine, but it doesn’t feel that different.”
WATCH | Jim Cuddy gets his first look at the results of the Massey Hall renovation as the project nears completion:
Jim Cuddy of Blue Rodeo gets his first look at Canada’s legendary Massey Hall, following three years of intensive renovations. The hall is dear to Cuddy’s heart, as both a musician and a fan. 0:33
From the stage, the feel may be familiar to Cuddy — but much has changed.
The brand new floor seats are now retractable, allowing for general admission at some shows. Stained glass windows that had been covered up with plywood since the early 1900s have been carefully restored. And the plaster ceiling, once covered in dusty chicken wire to protect audiences from falling debris, has been precisely repaired.
WATCH | The feature about the Massey Hall renovation project on The National on Nov. 26 at 9 p.m. ET on CBC News Network and 10 p.m. local time on your CBC television station. You can also catch The National online on CBC Gem.
The stage has also been completely rebuilt and the entire ground level has been raised, bringing the stage closer to the balcony and gallery seats. All this had to be done without affecting what many refer to as the magic of Massey Hall.
“We wanted to make sure we weren’t doing anything that was going to change that for the audience,” Kumagai said.
The goal of restoring a 127-year-old building, preserving its character while also updating it to suit today’s needs, was a monumental task — one that was not only done under the scrutiny of heritage departments and building inspectors, but also many of Canada’s top musicians and music historians.
Industrialist Hart Massey commissioned the hall in 1894, as a gift to the city of Toronto. The world-famous building is steeped in history and lore.
It was constructed primarily for musical performances and has held some great and varied ones, from Enrico Caruso to AC/DC to Tanya Tagaq.
It’s also known for historically significant live recordings, including The Greatest Jazz Concert Ever, Neil Young: Live at Massey Hall and Rush’s All the World’s a Stage.
It was home to the Toronto Symphony Orchestra for 60 years. Massey Hall also hosted political rallies, and even sporting events such as wrestling and boxing.
There were periods when the hall was seen as outdated and narrowly escaped the chopping block.
However, Massey Hall was designated a National historic site in 1981, protecting its legacy.
The revitalization project’s chief architect Marianne McKenna was keen to build on all this history.
“We began with clear instructions from the musicians who love this place: Fix everything. Change nothing,” said McKenna.
“That quickly went by the wayside. We had to improve everything about the place.”
Anyone who has ever been to Massey Hall knows that one of the worst parts of the experience was the limited number of bathrooms and their location in the basement. This was remedied by building a tower on the back of the original structure, made accessible by outdoor hallways known as passurels that now jutt from the side of the building.
“It was something that was floated in the ’60s,” McKenna said. “I don’t know where they thought they were going then because there was nowhere to go.”
Now with the seven-storey tower attached to the South side of the building, the passurels lead to brand new bathrooms, a (nearly finished) bar, and elevators that make the hall accessible to many who were never previously able to sit in the balcony or gallery levels.
The tower also contains another yet-to-be-completed performance venue, rehearsal spaces and the Deane Cameron Recording Studio named after the previous Massey Hall CEO, who passed away suddenly in 2019.
The bar in the basement of the original structure has been completely refurbished, and will soon also be used as a small performance space.
The ongoing revitalization project has a price tag of $184 million. It is being funded by all three levels of government, as well as corporate and private donors.
When asked what the biggest personal challenge of Massey Hall’s revitalization project was, McKenna essentially said all of it.
“I’m a contemporary architect,” said McKenna. “You know, we do things in very contemporary ways, but to acknowledge and respect the history, to try not to change it but to augment the feeling of being here. To make it better. It’s a big challenge for an architect.”
Massey Hall will open its doors to the public on Thursday, Nov. 25, with veteran performer Gordon Lightfoot hitting the stage. Lightfoot has played the venue more than 165 times.
Over the coming months it will be up to audience members and musicians to decide whether the crew at Massey has achieved its goals. But for Cuddy, the verdict is already in.
“I was prepared to accept it as something new, and just bundle my memories of what it was,” he said. “But I think this marries beautifully with what I loved about it.”
Watch full episodes of The National on CBC Gem, the CBC’s streaming service.On 22nd August, on the occasion of megastar Chiranjeevi’s birthday, Telugu superstar Mahesh Babu unveiled the first glimpse of Meher Ramesh’s directorial venture Bholaa Shankar in which megastar Chiranjeevi is playing the lead role. The action drama which is a remake of the Tamil blockbuster movie Vedhalam starring Thala Ajith will be produced by Anil Sunkara. This is the first collaboration between Chiranjeevi and Meher Ramesh. Now it has been officially confirmed that milky beauty Tamannah Bhatia will play the female lead in Chiranjeevi starrer Bholaa Shankar.
Tamannah Bhatia will reprise the role of Shruti Haasan from the original. The upcoming film Bhola Shankar will see megastar Chiranjeevi back as a mass hero. The makers are yet to reveal the cast and technical crew of the commercial entertainer.
According to the buzz in the film industry, Tamannah Bhatia is charging a whopping amount to be a part of this film. The movie Bholaa Shankar banks on brother-sister sentiments and the fans are very much eager to witness this never seen before bond.
It will officially launch on 11th November at 7:45 AM with a formal puja ceremony in the presence of the cast and crew. The regular shoot of Chiranjeevi and Tamannah Bhatia starrer will commence from the 15th of November.
#Tamannaah CONFIRMED as female lead for #Chiranjeevi‘s #BholaaShankar.
Shoot commences from Nov 15.
She will join the sets in January.
— Manobala Vijayabalan (@ManobalaV) November 1, 2021Congressman Gus Bilirakis has coauthored 8 provisions which were filed earlier today as amendments to this year’s National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). Each provision seeks to remedy an injustice Veterans are facing, enhances care and services available to members of the military, their families or Veterans or enhances U.S. national security through maximization of strategic partnerships.
“Each year, through the NDAA, we have an opportunity to work on bipartisan measures that will improve the lives of those who proudly serve or have served our nation,” said Congressman Bilirakis. “Among other priorities, the proposed amendments I’ve co-sponsored will help to protect heroes who have been exposed to dangerous toxins during their service, ensure appropriate benefit compensation for combat-wounded Veterans, and extend benefits for disabled benefits and their spouses. Addressing these important issues is long overdue, and I urge my colleagues’ support for these initiatives.”
Read below to learn more about each of the eight amendments.
- The Major Richard Star amendment would provide concurrent receipt of military retired pay and Veterans’ disability compensation for combat-wounded veterans who were medically retired under Chapter 61 with less than 20 years of service.
- The Ruiz/Bilirakis Burn Pit Alternatives amendment would require the DoD to include a dedicated budget line item for incinerators and other waste disposal alternatives to burn pits. This will help Congress monitor the continued use of burn pits- despite the known risk of exposure for our military personnel.
- The Ruiz/Bilirakis Burn Pit Studies amendment would require the DoD to submit a report to Congress on the status, methodology, & timeline of current research and studies being conducted to assess burn pit health effects. American heroes are already getting sick and some are dying from complications related to exposure. They can’t afford for federal agencies to continue to waste time on endless studies regarding widely-recognized scientific facts. Additional oversight is certainly warranted.
- The Ruiz/Bilirakis Burn Pit Training amendment would provide mandatory training for all DoD medical providers with respect to potential effects of burn pits. It is important that the doctors treating our heroes know the most current research available and are able to look for possible signs or symptoms, as early detection could save lives.
- The Welch/Bilirakis Burn Pit exposure and COVID-19 amendment would require the Tricare COVID-19 Registry to include any prior respiratory illnesses and information from the burn pit registry for the beneficiary.
- The Blunt-Rochester/Bilirakis SPACE-A for spouses and caregivers amendment would allow spouses and caregivers of 100% permanent-disabled Veterans to have access to the Space-Available program. This was the original intent of the legislation, sponsored by Bilirakis, but has not been implemented by the DoD as originally envisioned.
- The Chiropractic services amendment would require the Defense Health Agency to produce a report on the feasibility, efficacy, and cost of expanding coverage for chiropractic care to military families and retirees under the Tricare program. Chiropractic services can be a cost-effective and preventive tool for treating chronic pain.
- The Greek Diplomatic Engagement amendment would provide a feasibility study on increased rotational deployments to Greece and enhanced United States-Greece diplomatic engagement. Such an enhancement of the United States’ Strategic Partnership with Greece would be a benefit to both nations.Chandigarh is a perfect blend of rural Punjabi authenticity and urban flavours and if you want to treat your taste buds to the delicious Punjabi cuisine Chandigarh should be your go-to destination. So here we bring to you the top 21 famous Punjabi foods to try in Chandigarh.
1 Sarso Ka Saag and Makki Ki Roti
Nothing says Punjabi more than this hearty meal. Sarso or mustard ka saag is a delicacy usually consumed in the winters, and hence it also helps to drive away the winter blues. Generous amounts of butter are added for the taste and texture. Usually enjoyed with makki ki roti. Sarso ka saag usually consists of spinach, mustard, mint, and coriander. These green leafy vegetables are packed with nutrients like iron and zinc. Hence apart from being healthy and tasty this dish is also a wholesome and hearty meal.
2 Butter Chicken
Butter chicken is a famous Punjabi dish. The chicken is cooked in a rich gravy. Butter chicken can be enjoyed with naan bread. Butter chicken is a creamy, flavourful, and succulent dish. The chicken is tender and cooked to perfection. The gravy compliments the chicken. It is not very spicy but does not compromise on taste. A dash of lime is added at the end for a tangy twist along with a side of salad.
3 Paneer Butter Masala
To prepare a yummy paneer butter masala in restaurant style, cook the masala at a low flame and stir continuously. Also, add cream for a rich texture. Paneer or cottage cheese is rich in proteins. Hence this is a very healthy and hearty meal.
4 Punjabi Chole Masala
This dish includes chickpeas seasoned with spices. It tastes best with kulcha or puri. Chole is cooked to perfection and is delectable in taste. Usually served with green chutney and a side of salad.
5 Chicken Tikka
This dish is a tandoor based snack. The chicken can be substituting with paneer for a vegetarian option. Also, add a variety of vegetables like onions and bell peppers. The tikkas have been served with green mint chutney and a variety of sauces. A squeeze of lemon on the tikkas adds a zingy flavor.
6 Dal Makhani
The best twist to the everyday dal is the dal makhani. Iit is a rich dal containing generous amounts of butter and cream. It is a comfort food all the way. Lentils or dal is highly rich in proteins and hence helps in the development of muscles.
7 Lassi
The famous Punjabi lassi is freshly prepared buttermilk. It can be consumed sweetened or salted depending on taste. Usually consumed in the sultry months of summers, so it also acts a coolant and provides instant relief.
8 Rajma Masala
Rajma is a much-celebrated part of Punjabi cuisine due to its authentic simplicity. Cook rajma and season. Serve with rice. Kidney beans are usually cooked once a week in Punjabi households and served with rice and yogurt spiced with chilli and all spices.
9 Murgh Malai Tikka
This dish is a rich, creamy and succulent chicken recipe. The gravy is cream based, and the chicken is chargrilled. Serve with salad and add a dash of lime for a tangy twist. The chicken is tender and cooked to perfection.
10 Carrot Halwa
Carrot halwa is a dessert prepared with carrots. Thinly grated carrots are added to condensed milk and cooked. Carrot halwa is usually had been on festive occasions. A generous quantity of ghee is added to make it richer along with nuts like almonds and cashews and also raisins. It is delectable and melts in your mouth.
11 Samosa
Samosa is Punjabi snack that is made by deep frying pockets of whole wheat flour containing fillings of potato. Add paneer, nuts, and raisins to the filling to add to the richness. The samosa also has a few variants. The much recent ones include desert samosas. These samosas contain sweet fillings like chocolate fudge and brownie which melt in the mouth and are heart-warmingly delicious in taste.
12 Aloo Paratha
Add small amounts boiled and mashed potatoes, onion, paneer, coriander and spices to the paratha. Serve with butter or pickles. Aloo parathas and parathas, in general are breakfast food, however, they can be enjoyed whenever you feel like eating them. Piping hot parathas taste best with chilled aerated drinks.
13 Chana Masala
Chickpeas are cooked and seasoned. Served with kulcha or puri. Chickpeas are healthy and light and are hence enjoyed by everyone alike. For an even healthier option, chickpea salads are all the rage these days.
14 Punjabi Kadhi
A much-celebrated dish in Punjabi households is kadhai. It includes pakodas made out of besan. Serve with rice.
15 Shahi Paneer
This recipe also brings together elements of Mughlai cuisine. The cream is added to the gravy. And cashews are also added to make it richer in texture and taste. It is a rich, creamy and succulent dish. Usually enjoyed with naan bread or tandoori roti. A dash of lemon adds a tangy taste.
16 Aloo Gobi
Potatoes and cauliflower are cut in cubes and cooked. This a very simple yet authentic dish. It contains minimal spices and is what is usually appreciated as simple home cooked food in Punjabi households.
17 Bhindi Masala
Seasoned Okra or ladyfinger is deep-fried. The okra is sliced into thin longitudinal sections and then loaded with a wide variety of spices including chilli, turmeric, and all spice.
18 Machhi Amritsari
The Amritsari fish is a batter fried fish. Succulent and delicious and also a must try. The fish is tender and loaded with spices.
19 Paneer Pulao
Pulao is a rice dish containing choicest of vegetables from onions and peas to bell peppers. Nuts and raisins add to the richness. The rice and vegetables are cooked to perfection and meat, or chicken is also added for a non-vegetarian version. Paneer can also be added. Usually, all the vegetables available at home are added to the pulao.
20 Palak Paneer
Thick cubes of Paneer or cottage cheese is added to a spinach based gravy. The gravy contains spinach, coriander, garlic, etc. Hence it is a highly nutritious meal with the green leafy vegetables containing zinc and iron while the Paneer is a good source of proteins.Approximately 100 walkers make their way to the Alberta Legislature Thursday morning during the Edmonton leg of the Victor Walk.
Submitted Photos
Edmonton – Ten Morinville and area residents travelled to Edmonton May 23 to take part in the Edmonton Victor Walk, a three-kilometre trek from Churchill Square to the Alberta Legislature that drew approximately 100 participants looking to raise awareness of child sex abuse. The event was also a fundraiser for Little Warriors, an Edmonton-based organization looking to create a treatment centre. Victor Walks took part in 25 Canadian cities Thursday. The Edmonton walk received the support of Wildrose leader Danielle Smith and Liberal leader Raj Sherman as well as a number of MLAs.
Morinville resident Brandi (last name withheld to protect daughter’s identity) spoke on the Alberta Legislature steps about why she participated in the walk and why Little Warriors ad their efforts were critical to her and other survivors.
Below is an audio recording of that speech.
Little Warriors founder, Glori Meldrum, speaks from the Alberta Legislature steps Thursday morning. About 100 took part in the walk, including 10 from Morinville and area.For.
Every car is different, but the myth foreign cars require special tools isn't exactly true. Nearly all cars use basic nuts and bolts for the most common repairs you need to make. Here's a short list of what you typically need:
Tools you need: Ratchet, sockets, wrenches, screwdriver
How to replace a drive or serpentine belt yourself (step-by-step guide).
Tools you need: jack, torque wrench and ratchets, tire iron, c-clamp
How to replace your brake pads (step-by-step guide).
Tools you need: wrench, pliers
How to fix exterior coolant leaks (step-by-step guide).
How to perform a basic engine tune-up (step-by-step guide).
Tools you need: ratchet and socket set, screwdrivers, torque wrench, spark plug gap tool, spark plug socket.
DISCUSSION
"If you hear a squeal when you apply the brakes, the pads need to be replaced."
Anyone have any idea why a car with brand new breaks would still squeal like a banshee when breaking?As life insurance needs change through your lifetime you can parallel those anticipated changes with multiple life insurance policies. A capital needs analysis or review reveals the money you would need to meet your current and future needs. This capital need can lessen over your lifetime as you accumulate assets.
For most families The years of child-rearing present the largest life insurance need to create capital for income replacement, child care, clothing, food, college education and the extras.
What plans are best?
For empty nesters Life insurance needs may be less when the children have moved out. However if a wage-earning spouse dies, a life insurance benefit can offset the loss of income, pay off the mortgage and/or accrued debt, create an emergency fund, and help shore up capital needed for retirement. Thus life insurance is usually still needed.
What plans are best?
Paying for final expenses During retirement every man and woman will one day present the need for his or her spouse or family to have capital to pay for final expenses in relation to and depending on the funeral expenses. Not everyone has saved up sufficient funds for this expense. Where there is life insurance it can save children and/or siblings the possible need to pay that expense for you.
What plans are best?LGD-4033 is a vital selective androgenic hormone receptor modulator, linked for helping seeing that SARMS at the same time. Andarine goes simply by nutritional vitamin supplements to help you androgenic hormone receptors (present found in intensity skin area and also navicular area skin) which will advances your pc to nurture strength. Major FSH levels around individuals may indicate which usually testicles aren’t actually working hard appropriately; this case restraints muscular mass development, healing, in addition to normal poor functionality. Depending in order to LG Sciences, even more cutting-edge people could get correct as much 6 tablets for every one daytime moment in addition to course might possibly previous perfect as long as 120 circumstances without needing part results. Hence, LGD-4033 is going to be currently employed via users who will be searching for strong SARMs to build most of the strength occurrence as well as strength.
There,Proteins Learn notify individuals a couple of model of treatment plans just for head of hair reduction one might be health related hair remedies and additionally 2nd might be no medical-related mane therapy. Ostarine is definitely a solo of one’s mildest, safest ánd almost all checked out SARMs, however in the addition while it is the mildest, getting this done can give superior success. LGD 4033 will be in a position to carryout this valuable while not rising prostate health measurements, and that is 1 of the considerably more commonplace spot outcomes involving using anabolic steroids. Many SARMs will be much larger together with healthier pertaining to robustness develop, additional rrndividuals are beneficial for clipping.
For some patients a robust abscess ruptures inside place nearly this bronchi as well as the chest divider (pleural place), belongings the location utilizing purulence, a great infection referred to as empyema. On the subject of that will professionals, LGD-4033 SARM validated a lot of remarkable growth for the duration of parenting any decrease body performance dimensions as well as along with the similar phase lessening body system unwanted weight for you to greatest brand-new level. Proteins will probably build up muscle mass advancement, still could very well be many people fee the possible? 16 Even though a majority of these acquires are actually humble, these types of scholarly analyses dug located at the results regarding SARMs found in people who have muscle-wasting varieties of conditions.
Any time for six time period Various sporting men take on 7 prescriptions for Anadrol 50, Every few moments for 6 period Dianabol 5 mg, Proviron just for hours 3-5, all instant meant for a few wasted time accomplish posting period remedies having Nolvadex 20 mg. One good thing Ligandrol can be a SARMS and even SARM tend to be entirely oral. Meant for snip, it’s advocated in order to rise up 20 mg connected with ostarine mk 2866 through 5 mg involved with lgd 4033 a nighttime designed for 8 period. A lot of are convinced that, like anabolic steroids really, persons effects could get connected to the dental take in regarding SARMs. Firms countless anecdotic stories keeping who LGD4033 could certainly a lot advance cognition, power and additionally sexual libido; a lot of clients survey a greater a feeling of health and wellness along with staying power in the event that choosing this kind of SARM.
The following right plans some of our body structures and is also definitely simple of the highest quality and then móst reliable SARMs during maximizing your muscle groups big quickly. Then the era of the dabbling by Anabolic androgenic steroid hormone drugs normally takes place. There is certainly completely 1 discovered investigation to the effects in LGD-4033 upon humankind. Sure, you would possibly collection LGD-4033 compared to other SARMs love Cardarine, Ostarine or just Testolone Inside of reality, a number of serious weightlifters not to mention sporting activities sports people may very well combination products to create their own distinct physical fitness objectives. LGD-4033 Ligandrol is invariably a good orally utilized discerning androgen sense organ modulator, which adheres precisely through ARs with the help of selectivity and phylogenetic relation, representing extremely good anabolic results that effect tó a greater anabolic undertaking transpiring within the muscles.May. 26 2017, Published 10:38 a.m. ET
The euro-US dollar (FXE) continued to rise and claimed a new six-month peak above 1.1250 after the FOMC minutes failed to revive the US dollar (UUP) on May 23. The rally in the shared currency started as soon as the French (EWQ) election results were declared—fears subsided of another European country leaving the Eurozone. The European Union’s economic data continued to improve. Recently, Germany’s (HEWG) IFO business climate index data were at 114.6 for May—compared to the previous month’s reading of 113.0, which indicates strong improvement in business conditions.
With economic activity racing ahead, markets have started to speculate about future policy action from the ECB (European Central Bank). With lower risks of a Eurozone breakup, optimistic news from the latest bank lending survey will likely increase pressure on the ECB to change its accommodative stance. European employment improved and April recorded the strongest job growth in the last decade. Investors in Europe (FEZ) are speculating that there could be some hint of a taper in the June meeting. There would be pressure on the ECB to act fast.
Bundesbank President Weidmann remains the most hawkish of all the ECB members. He has been pushing for policy normalization. Currently, the ECB runs a QE (quantitative easing) program. It buys bonds at a rate of 60 billion euro per month. Markets expect the program to end soon. A reduction in QE increases the demand for the euro and could help the currency appreciate against its peers. In a recent speech, ECB executive board member Coeure questioned the effectiveness of gradual normalization. New voices indicate the possibility of a taper discussion.
The timing of the announcements would be important because markets don’t like to be surprised. In the next part of this series, we’ll analyze the bond market’s reaction to the FOMC’s minutes.
More From Market RealistYour cart is currently empty
Product image slideshow Items
Emerald Pet Feline Dental Treats are the all natural, crunchy way to keep your cat’s teeth clean and healthy.
• Promotes clean teeth and fresh breath
• Helps reduce plaque and tartar build up through abrasive chewing action
• Less than 2 calories per treat
• Limited ingredient, all natural formulas
• No artificial ingredients, colors or flavors. Naturally preserved
For more information on dental treats, check out this video we made on dog and cat dental health.Latest Posts
Sep 24, 2021
The CXL™ Consortium and PCI-SIG® are excited to announce a memorandum of understanding (MOU) between the two organizations.
- Standards & Compliance
- PCIe
- PCI-SIG
- CXL
- PCI Express specification
- CXL Consortium
Jul 31, 2018
I’m looking forward to attending the Flash Memory Summit (FMS) next week in Santa Clara.
- Standards & Compliance
- PCI-SIG
- Flash Memory Summit
- FMS
- NVMe
- Flash Storageda Vinci® Surgery
Hysterectomy for Uterine Cancer in Akron, OH
Dr. Costas Apostolis is a double board-certified urogynecologist with extensive experience treating gynecologic conditions including cancer using minimally invasive techniques. Dr. Apostolis will take the time to explain the procedure and answer all of your questions. Contact Summit Urogynecology at (330) 953-3414 to schedule an appointment in Fairlawn or Youngstown today!. with Dr. Apostolis
Call (330) 953-3414 to schedule an appointment at our UroGynecology office in Fairlawn or Youngstown today!Colombo Chief Magistrate Lanka Jayaratne today lifted the overseas travel ban imposed on MP Namal Rajapaksa till July 23, 2020.
The Attorney General had filed indictments against MP Rajapaksa and four others for money laundering to the tune of Rs.30 million through Gowers Corporate Services (Pvt) Limited.
Ravindra Perera Thursday, 27 February 2020 12:00 PM
Ha,ha,haaaaaaa, “wonder of Asia“.
Sarath Thursday, 27 February 2020 12:41 PM
How did NR one year out of law school get enough money to buy huge property at Gower street for his law firm? Why AG does not direct these also to be investigated properly?
Yana Fernando Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:04 PM
Is that Lanka Jayaratne or Lanka Rajapaksha
Sambo Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:15 PM
Now the law is in your hands, so you can do what you want.
TripleX Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:22 PM
All loose again, enjoy immunity. Don’t worry 6.9 will always support you.
Ravi Sene Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:33 PM
What a joke, if there was a travel ban on MP how come Namal- Limini couple to the Vatican. They were seen sitting in the front raw at St Basilica on the 2020 New Year's day Peace mass.
mp Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:39 PM
The comments here prove how much jealousy works in people's minds!
VJ Thursday, 27 February 2020 02:55 PM
AG has no plans to retire any timePublished
30/09/2010
The Hunting, Fishing and Country Tourism Fair will take place at the exhibition centre of Los Barrios, only 10min away from the Guadacorte Park Hotel, from 8-10 October.
Organized by Los Barrios Town Council and Expoalia, the tradeshow will include an opening conference on the hunting industry on the 7th.
As in previous editions of the event, there will be stands representing companies and institutions related to the industry. Visitors will be able to find everything from fishing tackle and guns to country activities and hunting equipment, and there will also be food tasting, dog exhibitions, archery, falconry, fishing competitions, lucky draws, among other activities.Vine Cuff Bangle
$9.99 SAVE $-9.99
This gorgeous piece is will make the perfect statement no matter which outfit you pair it with. Available in either silver or gold, this stunning bangle will add a delicate touch of flare to complete your favorite look. A trendy and versatile piece that would make a great gift on any special occasion.
Diameter - 6.5cmLearning Academy
Leadership
Education for Health run a small selection of Interactive Blended Online Leadership workshops, designed to help refresh skills and share best practice. Click View Course Dates to see upcoming dates.
Leadership skills to improve practice and care
This workshop is designed for healthcare professionals who wish to advance their leadership and management skills with a focus on changing practice and improving care.
During this highly interactive workshop led by an experienced leadership coach, you will learn about your own style of leadership and how to adapt that style when needed.
- Download a flyer about this course
- Contact our Partnerships team if you want to book multiple places for your team
Finding the Leader Within – a series of three online action packed masterclasses
During the series of three Finding the Leader Within sessions, we will help you find your own level of leadership resilience and build on it, enabling you to bounce back from adversity more easily; you will discover how to manage your internal dialogue to support rather than hinder you, explore being adaptive and authentic and lead from within.
Each session is designed to help you to thrive and grow as a leader. Whether you are new to leadership or have been leading for some time, there is something for you.
- Visit our store to see available dates
- Download a flyer about this course
- Contact our Partnerships team if you want to book multiple places for your team
Read more about our Leadership & Coaching offering05-09-2017 08:23 AM
Hello everyone,
I have a question about CAN interface PXI-8512. I have two chassis with PXIe 8880 controllers and with PXI-8512 interface modules.
I need to exchange data between those two PXI 8880 controllers and the question is if I can use PXI-8512 modules to send and receive data with CAN protocol? The data is from third part custom device (vehicle simulator). If it is not possible, how can I exchange data between two controllers?
Thank you for answer.
05-10-2017 05:34 AM
Hello krzesniak1,
the direct answer to your question is yes, you can use CAN to share data between your controllers.
In my opinion it is not the best way though. If the controllers are networked, you can use shared variables (network-published) as explained in this white paper:
THis will give you a smoother programming experience and more flexibility than CAN. Obviously, it may be better to use CAN if you want this data to be a part of a bigger system that uses this communication protocol.
As an unrelated tip, it is best to think of PXI controllers as computers, so you can use any way of communication you would normally use between two computers (TCP, ftp, UDP etc.)
Best Regards,
Nick
AE@NIUK
05-15-2017 06:20 AM
Thank you for your advice. However I also use VeriStand to deploy a project and I am not sure how to use a shared variables with VeriStand. I also tried with udp communication, however I did not succeed.
Do you know may be an example where communication between two PXIs is well explained?
Best regards,
krzesniak1
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Learn more about our privacy statement and cookie policy.Former graduate assistant Noland set to start at QB for Gamecocks
South Carolina quarterback Zeb Noland (8) and head coach Shane Beamer celebrate after a victory in an NCAA college football game against Vanderbilt on Saturday, Oct. 16, 2021, in Columbia, SC (AP Photo / Sean Rayford)
PA
COLOMBIA, South Carolina
Former graduate assistant coach Zeb Noland is set to start as South Carolina quarterback against No.17 Texas A&M on Saturday.
Gamecocks coach Shane Beamer said Sunday night starter Luke Doty again injured his foot in a 21-20 win over Vanderbilt and that Noland would make his fourth start of the season when Carolina South (4-3, 1-2 Southeastern Conference) will travel to play the Aggies (5-2, 2-2).
Noland came into final possession with South Carolina behind the Commodores 20-14 and led a 75-yard strike that ended with his 9-yard TD pass to Xavier Legette with 37 seconds left.
The victory ended a nine-game losing streak for the Gamecocks against SEC opponents.
Beamer said Doty had another foot injury he injured in August, causing Noland to whistle to put the soccer pads back on.
Beamer described Doty as “uncertain” for this week.
Noland, 24, had played in the states of Iowa and North Dakota before accepting Beamer’s offer to join the Gamecocks coaching staff.
Noland has been involved in three of South Carolina’s four wins this season. He started in wins over Eastern Illinois and East Carolina as the Gamecocks opened 2-0. Noland was replaced by Doty in a 40-13 loss to No.1 Georgia in Week 3 and hadn’t seen the action until his late-game exploits against Vanderbilt.Michael B. Mushlin
- Professor of Law
BA, Vanderbilt University
JD, Northwestern University
Professor Michael B. Mushlin teaches Civil Procedure, Evidence, and Prisoners' Rights. Before becoming a law professor he was a civil rights lawyer specializing in federal civil rights class action seeking systemic reform. (5th ed West) a four volume comprehensive treatise on the law regarding prisoners' rights and NEW YORK EVIDENCE WITH OBJECTIONS (5th ed National Institute of Trial Advocacy 2013) (with Lissa Griffin & Jo Ann Harris).
Professor Mushlin was a member of the Task Force on the Legal Status of Prisoners of the American Bar Association. The Task Force promulgated a set of standards govering the operation of prisoners and the rights of prisoners which was adopted and the American Bar Association. He also served as co-chair of the Subcommittee on Implementation of the ABA Resolution on Prison Oversight. He is a member of the New York Advisory Committee on Criminal Law and Procedure of the Office of Court Administration. Professor Mushlin is served as Chair of the Committee on Corrections of the New York City Bar where he led an investigation into conditions in New York’s Death Row. He selected to be a member of the Executive Committee of the New York City Bar Association, and was elected Secretary of the Executive Committee.
Professor Mushlin was appointed Charles A. Frueauff Research Professor of Law during the 1991-1992 academic year, and James D. Hopkins Chair in Law during the 2005-2007 academic years at Pace Law School. He served as Associate Dean of Academic Affairs for seven years.
Prof. Mushlin.
Books:
RIGHTS OF PRISONERS (4th ed West 2009/2010) (four volume comprehensive treatise on the law regarding prisoners' rights) (Annual Supplements published. Latest for 2014-2015 forthcoming October 2014).
NEW YORK EVIDENCE WITH OBJECTIONS (4th ed National Institute of Trial Advocacy 2013) (with Jo Ann Harris).
Book Chapters:
"Correctional Health Care and Special Populations--Legal Considerations and Context" in Managing Special Populations in Jails and Prisons, Volume II, (Stand Stojkovic ed) (Civil Research Institute 2010).
"Legal Rights of Prisoners," Encyclopedia of Crime and Justice, 2nd ed. Joshua Dressler, ed. 2002.
Practice Commentaries for Article 1 of the CPLR, in New York Civil Practice (Jack Weinstein, et al. eds.) (2005).
Articles:
"The Professor and the Judge: Introducing First- Year Students to the Law in Context," (with Hon. Lisa M. Smith) 63 J. Legal Educ. 460 (2014).
"Unlocking the Courthouse Door: Removing the Barrier of the PLRA’s Physical Injury Requirement to Permit Meaningful Judicial Oversight of Abuses in Supermax Prisons and Isolation Units," 24 Federal Sentencing Reporter 268 (2012).
"Williams v. Hobbs: A Welcome Deviation," 23 Correctional Law Reporter 92 (April/May 2012).
"Let the Sunshine In: The ABA and Prison Oversight," (with Michele Deitch) 2011 American Bar Association: The State Of Criminal Justice 242 (The American Bar Association, Criminal Justice Section 2011).
"Foreword: Opening a Closed World: What Constitutes Effective Prison Oversight," 30 Pace Law Review 1383 (2010) (with Michele Deitch).
"From White Plains to Austin: The Road from the Prison Reform Revisited Conference to the Opening Up A Closed World Conference," 30 Pace Law Review 1430 (2010).
"Bound and Gagged: The Peculiar Predicament of Professional Jurors," 25 Yale Law and Policy Review 239 (2007).
"The Impact of the Surge of Immigration Appeals to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals" (Report of the Federal Courts Committee of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York) (with David Arroya, Lynn Kelly, and Ellen Unger) (2004).
"Foreword: Prison Reform Revisited: The Unfinished Agenda," 24 Pace Law Review 395 (2004).
"Dying Twice: Incarceration on Death Row," 31 Capital University Law Review 853 (with Joe Ingle, Russell Stetler and Craig Haney) (2003).
"Dying Twice: Conditions on New York’s Death Row," 22 Pace Law Review 347 (2002) (with David Hammer, Art Cody, Risa Gerson, Norman Green, and Richard Wolf).
"Unsafe Havens: The Case for the Constitutional Protection of Foster Children from Abuse and Neglect," 23 Harvard Civil Rights - Civil Liberties Law Review 199 (1988). Adapted and published as Chapter Eleven of Child, Parent, and State: Law and Policy Reader, S. Randall Humm, et. al. editors. Philadelphia: Temple Univ. Press, 1994.
"The New Quasi In Rem Jurisdiction: New York's Revival of a Doctrine Whose Time Has Passed," 55 Brooklyn Law Review 1059 (1990).
"Foreword. Gideon v. Wainwright Revisited: What Does the Right to Counsel Guarantee Today?" 10 Pace Law Review 327 (1990).
"History Comes Calling: Dean Griswold Offers New Evidence About the Jurisdictional Debate Surrounding the Enactment of the Declaratory Judgment Act," with Donald L. Doernberg, 37 University of California - Los Angeles Law Review 139 (1989).
"The Trojan Horse: How the Declaratory Judgment Act Created a Course of Action and Expanded Federal Jurisdiction While the Supreme Court Wasn't Looking," with Donald Doernberg, 36 UCLA Law Review 529 (1989).
"Rhodes v. Chapman Analyzed for Effect on Prison Overcrowding," 14 Journal of National Prison Project 4 (1987).
"The Proposed Transfer of Rikers Island to New York State," 35 The Record of the Association of the Bar of the City of New York 227 (April 1980) (unattributed author).
"Court-Ordered Foster Family Care Reform: A Case Study," with Louis Levitt and Lauren Anderson, 65 Child Welfare 141 (March-April 1986).Overall, the trip was great. I'm going to talk less about the excursions (which was awesome), and more about the ship. The cabin was nice. Super small, even for a single person. I had a balcony which was nice as I was able to sleep with the door open for some nice Alaskan air. Service on the ship was spectacular as well. Big shoutout to Vasile (guest services) and the bartenders at Quill and Compass. The gym was old, and dated - some of that equipment could use some attention. From the outside, the ship appeared to be pretty dated. There were visible signs of rust, age... But that's to be expected with a ship quickly approaching 20 years old
My biggest gripes with the ship are the following:
One - It is impossible to find nutritional information anywhere. I am actively counting calories and macro-nutrients in an effort to lose weight. It is very frustrating not being able to even hazard a guess with some of these meals that were served in the buffet lines. As more and more people are doing specialized diets (paleo, keto, low/high carb, etc), it would be nice to know what we're working with.
The cabin was excellent, a bit small. My only real complaint with my cabin is that there were not enough electrical outlets. I could only find two, which made it impossible to charge many of my devices. I ended up using my laptop as a USB hub to charge most of my stuff.Samsung Electronics has unveiled its 2021 lineup of Micro LED, Neo QLED, lifestyle TVs, monitors and soundbars, that aims to redefine the role of TV in the home and let consumers get the most from their screens work efficiently, communicate effectively, and explore personal passions.
The company that has been number one global TV manufacturer for 15 consecutive years, aims to break new ground in 2021 to offer consumers extraordinary viewing experiences, it said in a statement late on Tuesday.
.
In 2018, Samsung introduced Micro LED in the form of “The Wall”.
–IANS
na/Alberta Government closes schools and childcare centres
Parents were scrambling Sunday night to either find childcare or notify their employers they wouldn’t be at work Monday as Alberta’s Chief Medical Officer of Health Dr. Deena Hinshaw announced schools and childcare facilities would be closed as a preventative measure due to COVID-19.
Hinshaw announced last week all large gatherings or international events in the province were to be cancelled and advising Albertans against travel outside of the country, but the Province did not recommend the closure of schools, daycares and post-secondary until Sunday afternoon.
The announcement came after 17 addition cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total to 56 in the province..
“The new cases that have emerged today, particularly those demonstrating transmission into communities and school settings, means we need to put in place additional restrictions for schools, day cares, continuing care facilities, and worship gatherings. These decisions are not made lightly, and I know they will have a tremendous impact on Albertans’ day-to-day lives, particularly parents, children, and seniors. But it is crucial we do everything possible to contain and limit the spread of COVID-19.”
Students will no longer be attending classes in K-12 schools and post-secondary institutions until further notice. Post-secondary campuses will still remain open, but classes are cancelled. School authorities are expected to continue their regular day-to-day operations and ensure the safety of school facilities. Maintenance, capital projects, cleaning of facilities and administrative work will continue..
Teachers and other school staff will still be expected to work, either from home or at their workplace, to ensure these expectations are met. Decisions on how to do this are still to be made, and it may vary depending on the school jurisdiction.
In a letter to parents that went out Sunday, STAR Catholic’s board said, “This decision comes after discussions between school leaders and the Province determined the difficulties of enforcing necessary hygiene protocols and respiratory etiquette in schools, and other challenges faced during continued operation, such as staffing shortages. At this time, it is not known how long schools will remain closed to students. Minister of Education Adriana LaGrange has indicated the closures may be in place for the remainder of the school year. Buildings will remain open to teachers and other staff, who will continue to work either from home or at the school site.”
Terry Pearson, WRPS Superintendent said there will be more information coming to parents and students as regards learning and the retrieval of items from schools.
“We are working with the Provincial Government and Alberta Education to announce decisions so parents, students and staff will know what will be happening and how these things will happen. We will have more information and maybe announcements in the next two weeks.”
At this time, WRPS is advising parents or students cannot enter the school at this time, which means they will not be able to pick up any of their child’s items that are in their lockers or desks. If that changes WRPS will advise parents.
WRPS is also working with school staff to plan alternate ways for student’s learning to continue at home. More information will be available about as the learning continuity plans are developed.
Sacred Heart School parents can contact the school to make arrangements to pick up their students’ belongings. They too are developing learning continuity plans.
This includes: Wetaskiwin Early Learning and Childcare Centre, Wetaskiwin Out of School Care Program, Clubhouse Out of School Care Program and its After School Programs: Friendship Club, Keystone, Raise the Grade, Thrive Youth Development and Torch.
Staff are available by telephone and videoconferencing, to support families and youth in accessing resources to address stressors related to COVID-19, parenting, finances, and other family related issues at 780-361-6574.Checker Red Sterling Ascot Tie active and passive transport comparison essay go to link how to write a personal biography essay levitra southmayd source site click source site are dreams real essay feamal viagra pirate party essay essay on generation y going off crestor caused heart attack or stroke follow url buy cheap cheap essay on hillary clinton academic essay on english as second language enter site employment cover letter templates analytical - essay method follow url how to write a transfer essay ventolin infants example of college application essays $ 50.00
The Checker Red Sterling Ascot Tie. If you are a fan of the Michael Kay Show on the YES Network (syndicated on ESPN Radio NY) you may have seen this pattern on the air. Introduced to the sports world by Yankees TV announcer, Michael Kay, the Checker Red Sterling Ascot goes with almost anything in your closet? Look no further. The Checker Red Sterling Ascot provides the versatility to match up with the majority of your wardrobe. The deep navy blue is brought to life by the small red colored checkers. The red will pop just enough to make this the most stylish navy blue piece in your neckwear arsenal.
- Handmade
- 100% Microfiber blend to help keep ascot up around neck
- Dry clean only
Out of stockMonday to Sunday 8am to 6pm
Order your favourite meals from Alluvia, and they will deliver it hot and fresh to your doorstep. Enjoying your favourite meals in the comfort of your home, is simple. Once you've chosen your meals, simple call 021 885 1661 or send them a WhatsApp text at 079 237 7815 or pop them an email at maureen@alluvia.co.za.
Please note, they only deliver to the Stellenbosch area, as well as surrounding areas including Welgevonden, Die Boord, Pniel, Kylemore, Dalsig, Jonkershoek, etc. The delivery fee is R30.
Lovely food, wine, picnics and luxury accommodationRight now, in demanding and digital daily life, it can be important for anyone to keep working from home and constantly checking out any display, which is very harmful to the eyes of all ages group of people. Stress is continuously developing, and overworking and operating tradition through the night is continually rising. This contributes to extreme harm from a very early age as kids from to 10 years have specifications without the DNA or genetic Threads of lousy vision.
How You Can Battle The Situation Of Eye-sight And Eyesight Mismanagement?
The issues that require the eyes inside a appropriate practical condition are pretty difficult to acquire. This is due to very good sun rays and darkness must be managed with regular checkups and reducing the display screen time.
It can be required to protect yourself from numerous lighting fixtures which affect the eye area, including UV and Brought, for long exposure and looking after your eye area, and allowing it to get every one of the nutrients and digestive support enzymes to work well in order that the difficulty of cataracts and poor eyesight may be overlooked.
How Can Visishield Help In Fighting All The Scenario?
1.It is very helpful for your eye area since it gives a variety of nutrients and digestive enzymes that continue to keep still camera lenses as well as the nerves healthy with suitable blood circulation.
2.It reduces the stress in the view by boosting the circulation for powerful vision so that it doesn’t have an effect on much if you extend your monitor time in accordance with your need.
3.It also guards the eye area from a variety of dangerous sun rays as the vision droplets come up with a Shield in order that the eyesight is not really destroyed at any cost.
Ultimate Ideas
Your eye area of the human body visishield would be the most sensitive portion and ought to be managed very cautiously because once eye sight has disappeared, it is going to never return.Media Release
Canada, Nov 5, 2015 : Canadian Canara Vision Inc (CCVI), a non-profit organization established for community development and to promote Konkani culture, will honour noted Dubai-based entrepreneur and film producer David Frank Fernandes with 'Canara Vision 2015 Yeomen Service Award' in recognition of his contribution to Konkani culture through the medium of filmography, entrepreneurship and his philanthropic activities.
The award will be presented in a gala ceremony and dinner dance to be held at Versailles Convention Centre, Mississauga, Canada on November 13.
Frank Fernandes - A brief profile
Frank Fernandes hails from Kemmanu in Udupi, India and currently lives in Dubai UAE. Frank was born and brought up in Mangaluru. At the young age of 16, he moved to Mumbai to start his career. He then moved to Dubai to widen his horizons and it is here that he toiled for 9 years in a shipping company. By sheer hard work, grit and perseverance, he turned the chapter in his life when he started his own shipping company, called Mosaco Shipping & Forwarding. This company recently completed 26 years and is rated as one of the leading freight forwarders in the United Arab Emirates and is an active member of the National Committee of Freight Forwarders' Association (NCFF).
Frank has a versatile personality, he is not only a successful entrepreneur, but also a film producer. He has successfully produced movies in regional languages - 'Kazar' in Konkani, 'Ellellu Neene Nannallu Neene' and co-produced 'Karkalada Pavada Purusha Santa Lawrence' in Kannada and very soon, he will be seen acting in his own Tulu movie production 'Jai Tulunad'. Currently, he has production yet another Konkani movie, 'Ek Aslyar Ek Na'. In spite of his busy schedule, he makes time to pursue his hobby of reading a genre of books and scriptures. Being a well read person and having a photographic memory has allowed him to master the recitation of slokas and he has been honoured by numerous religious organisations to speak on harmony in multi-faith gatherings.
Inside this man of steel is a humble heart beating for the poor and downtrodden. Over the past several decades, Frank has been generously donating to numerous charitable institutions like the old age homes, orphanages, homes for the poor, cultural and educational institutions and other organizations involved in public service and those promoting art, culture and sports. He often says, "Whenever I get involved in philanthropic activities my tension gets released and I feel very happy."
He takes great pride in his family; his wife Alice Fernandes, his 4 sons and a daughter who have been with him through his ups and downs and motivated him to achieve his life goals.
About CCVI
Canadian Canara Vision Inc (CCVI) is a non-profit organization established for community development, engaged in helping new immigrants to settle, re-establish network and adapt to the new environment in Canada; educate youth and help to build their career; create socializing avenues for the elderly; and provide a platform for displaying talents from their native land originating from Mangaluru. Beyond its social and cultural activities, the Foundation is actively engaged in organizing educational seminars on tax, investment and retirement planning and lending a helping hand to members of the community in their hour of need.
In response to an urgent need of the community, Canada Canara Vision Inc embarked on a noble venture by establishing a Canara Catholic Cemetery comprising of 300 burial lots at the Meadowvale cemetery, with the option to expand the same to 1,000 lots. These are separate burial ground for a dignified burial and lasting memorial for the Catholic people of the Canara Region in the Greater Toronto Area. These lots were consecrated by Mangalurean Catholic priests residing in GTA on June 20 this year. A solemn prayer service was held on November 1 by Fr Henry Alva, at this ground, to commemorate the deceased on All Souls Day. This prayer service will be held every year.
CCVI's next goal is to create a Konkani cultural centre, a forum to educate and nurture youth, a common place to meet and greet for the elderly, conduct seminars on various issues like banking, mortgage, legal and retirement.
Home | About Us | Sitemap | Legal Disclaimer| Terms & Conditions
Edited and published by : Canara World Foundation Inc.Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Gophers volleyball No. 1 in nation after 12 straight wins
MINNEAPOLIS (KMSP) - With six games to go, the No. 1 ranked Minnesota Gophers Volleyball team is on the track to winning their first Big Ten title since their only conference crown in 2002 -- but that's just one goal on this team's agenda.
"We've become so much more than what we were at the beginning of the season. That progression has just been so fun,” junior Hannah Tapp, middle blocker, said.
The Gophers have been killing it on the court, setting a new program record over the weekend, winning their 12th straight Big Ten match.
"The fact that our kids are scratching and scraping and getting it done, it's exciting to see," head coach Hugh McCutcheon said.
It's given the team the ability to be proud and confident each and every game – “We know that we can do it, and we know that we're good enough,” Tapp said.
And sustaining the streak, can also lead to even more for the Gophers.
"Our best volleyball is yet to come,” Hugh said. “We've been able to win matches without playing our best. So who knows, anything is possible."
Advertisement
Tapp said the team “can definitely give a national championship a run this year, and in years to come.”TopicsList of Topics and Articles
Oasis Dental Clinic • Steve Hall
The Oasis Dental Clinic in Marbella prides itself on providing you with a friendly, professional and personalized service.
The bright and modern surgery of Dr. Nina King welcomes you for all your dental requirements - everything from thorough examinations and cleaning procedures, fillings, crowns, bridges and veneers to the latest in dental implants and one-hour tooth whitening.
Dr King is a highly qualified dentist, based in Marbella and is one of a select few registered in the UK as a specialist in prosthodontics. She is able to give you the benefit of her wide-ranging experience in private dental practice and also working and teaching within dental hospitals in the UK. More details here
BackTechnology is the mother of every industry nowadays. Multinational organizations and professional business professionals attend business meetings, events, exhibitions, and
worldwide trade shows. International exhibitioners use digital sources to show guest’s products to the world or attendees. the major source of showing their products by computers or other digital gadgets. In digital gadgets, the prime name is Apple, iPad, or PC.
here we discuss the main role of the iPad while during professional meetings and international trade shows. iPad is an advance and convenient option by the organizer to attendees. iPad smart gadget with faster technology, slim body, advanced features, and easy to carry.
Here we also discuss that how to use an iPad Rental and laptop in a professional event iPad is multiple performers, it can perform better than a PC or laptop. We can carry and handle it very easily, we can take it where ever we want without hesitation, but in some aspects, most people like laptops as compared to tablets or iPads. The main reason why people like laptops instead of iPad is easy to control or entering a command like typing, sketching, and scrolling. Now with time every IT field is growing up and amendment in technology. Now Apple also introduces some interesting features and gadgets, by using those gadgets we feel that we use the laptop.
Here we will share with you in detail that how could use an iPad professionally like a laptop in professional business events respectively.
How to make your Apple iPad like a laptop?
Following are the points that will help you out to make your iPad devices like a laptop in professional business events.
1: Apple pencil:
Apple pencil is a wireless pencil that is designed and developed by Apple and is compatible with iPad tablets. it has a lot of features like wireless pairing and charging, attaches magnetically, double-tap to change tools, tilt and pressure sensitivity, free engraving. We can use an Apple pencil with an iPad to draw any sketch or drawing. By using an Apple pencil, you will feel like you are using a laptop or any other PC even though it is more convenient and accurate. The persons who related with architect and fashion designing industry this gadget will helpful for them. By using an Apple pencil, the designer will feel comfortable with that and he or she will feel like using a PC or laptop. Apple pencil will give you more accuracy and perfect design than what you want.
2: wireless keyboard:
Extra keyboard with Apple devices having a numeric feature and navigational control. The numeric pad is very useful for business professionals who are related to the finance and accounting profession. the wireless keyboard is also helpful for the persons who want to use a spreadsheet-like most companies working on MS Excel or MS Word. Apple wireless keyboard can be used on your lap, desk, or anywhere in 30 feet range from your Mac or iPad. It has built-in Bluetooth technology. Apple iPad wireless keyboard having long-lasting battery timing, it gives you a long backup on your business professional events.
3: wireless trackpads:
The wireless trackpad is also known as a touchpad with the help of this gadget you can easily navigate your targeted area or programs. the consumer can use a trackpad for zoom in, scrolling, and many more functions that are on his computer. Usually, you will find a touchpad on your laptop and user do not need the extra mouse for scrolling, but during the using iPad if attendees or organizers face any difficulty on professional business events they can use a trackpad or touchpad. And then they feel like they are using the laptop.
4: Wireless mouse:
To use a wireless mouse on your iPad in professional business events, you will need to connect with an Apple device to perform a specific task to shows to attendees. Once you connect to the mouse with your iPad to navigate, make selections, start apps, and more.
5: Wireless speaker:
During professional business events some time the host or the exhibitioner have not only demonstrates the products, but ideas even they also have to play some audio. While using the iPad it’s hard to rise too much volume for the attendees in the business events, although we rise volume from the iPad most of the people or attendees sitting far from you can’t hear your message properly. So we use external speakers that we can connect with our Apple iPad device, after attaching external speakers the attendees will not miss any laptop.
How to Use an iPad like a Laptop in Professional Event?
Technology is the mother of every industry nowadays. Multinational organizations and professional business professionals attend business meetings, events, exhibitions, andW.
The state has seen a big rise in cases among 18- to 24-year-olds
"What we're seeing here in Dane county is that close to 90 percent of the young people who are getting positive test results are reporting some symptoms and unfortunately a lot of them aren't aware of the long-term consequences that this disease can have," Joe Parisi, county executive of Wisconsin's Dane County, told CNN's Jim Sciutto.
"But as concerning, is the fact that in my community in Dane county, the university is integral to the city of Madison. It is not separated somewhere. So these young people interact with people throughout the community. They have parents and grandparents and go to the store so we're incredibly concerned about the spike that we're seeing," Parisi added..
Watch:Letters to Sir Ian MacAlister
To Sir Ian MacAlister
Archive Unit
- For more information, email the repository
- Advice on accessing these materials
- Cite this description
- Bookmark:
- This material is held at
- ReferenceGB 1239 424/6/1/1/1
- Dates of Creation22 Nov 1935-13 Jan 1936
- Physical Description11 letters.Francese Therese Pinlac is a member of MNL48's Team L.
Contents
Catchphrase
- I am Frances, the living Barbie doll of MNL48.
Team History
- 2019.03.25 - Joined MNL48 (2nd Generation)
- 2019.05.01 - Graduated from MNL48 Trainee
- 2019.05.07 - Returned to MNL48 as a Trainee
- 2019.09.06 - Promoted to Team L
MNL48 Senbatsu Election
- 2nd Senbatsu Election - Not Ranked
- 3rd Senbatsu Election - #23 (Undergirls)
Singles Participation
MNL48 A-Sides
Other Singles
Units
Stage Units
- MNL1 (PARTY ga Hajimaru yo)
- Anata to Christmas Eve (Duet with Dian Marie Mercado)
Concert Units
MNL48 2nd Generation Members Team Concert: No To Oshihen!
Media Appearances
TV Shows
- ASAP (2019)
Trivia
- Favorite food: Ice cream
- Favorite drink: Water
- Favorite TV show: Friends
- Hobbies: playing table tennis.
- Currently she is the youngest member of MNL48.
- Her kami-oshi and the member she admires the most is Shekinah Arzaga.
- The member she is initially close with is Maria Jamie Beatrice Alberto.
- Loves dogs.Gone are those occasions when it was discovered hard to find out about betting club news. Individuals who love betting consistently need to make themselves mindful of the business occasions. This can be new openings, competitions, rewards and much more highlights that guarantee to make the gaming experience a magnificent one. With the advancement of internet betting clubs, there has been an expanded hunt to discover what is happening on offer for the players. So as to satisfy the prerequisites of the players, club news present to you the most recent from the universe of web based betting world. Today in the event that you search internet you will discover that there are a few great internet betting club destinations that offer you updates on the intriguing universe of the betting clubs. For a customary player, data on the above things structure to be of an incredible intrigue. The best way to get educated about the everyday happenings is through the web betting club news. There is no uncertainty that it takes a great deal to bring you every day inclusion of the web betting world. Luckily enough, there are 5 to at least 10 locales exclusively dependable to present to you the most recent inclusion from the universe of internet club.
Announcing:
Club news locales for the most part connect with their own columnists to main stories identified with the web betting world. It is during their time to day and moment to minute inclusion that you can find out about those things that make web based betting additionally intriguing. Consistently there comes another Judi Online Terpercaya site with a totally different guarantees, offers or advancements making approaches to acquire more. Some web betting internet betting club destinations then you can scan for locales offering you the most recent betting club news. Try not to neglect to buy in to the betting club news sources as gave in many destinations. This will assist you with getting day by day refreshes causing you to find out about next on the internet betting stage.The ASEC Mimosas thrilled the Stade Robert Champroux, this evening, in front of the Abengourou ASI she Beat (1 – 4), on behalf of the 9th day of Ligue 1. A victory associated with a beautiful game, the 7th in a row, which allows the mimos to dig the gap.
The Mimos start the game with a somewhat revamped team. Captain Adam Koutouan and Wonlo Coulibaly sign their suspension returns. Coulibaly Zana occupies the right flank in the place of Ahmadi Alex. In the median area basnet Boukary and Sakala Issa are incumbents. The tone is given from the 9th minute of play by the ASI. On a digging in the area of repair mimosas, Ik Hervé finds himself on the ground, the referee indicates the penalty point. Zougoula Kevin is responsible for transforming it (1-0). Coach Amani Yao’s foals are not being cut down by this goal. At the 16th minute Adam Koutouan on the right flank of the attack Mimosas, delivers a beautiful center to the second post, Touré Amed, lonely throws himself and takes back the ball from the outside of the right foot to deceive Sylla Mamadou (1-1). With this equalization, the ASEC Mimosas continues its offensives in the image of the 34th minute. Dixit Hamed Hervé inherits a balloon on the left side of the ASI defense, he sends a center to the first post, Wonlo Coulibaly, mounted to the outposts cuts the trajectory of the ball, it passes right next door. Still on the same left flank of the defence of the princes of the undeniable, Coulibaly Zana addresses a centre at Touré Amed whose head-kick is pushed back from a tap by the opposing keeper.
Both teams return to the locker room on this zero score.
On the return of the break, coach Amani Yao carries out two key changes. Basnet Boukary and Saha Gaoussou cede their places to Badiee Gbagnon and Yao Kaya Alphonse. At the 57th minute, the sparkling Agbégniadany, he placed a clear centre on the head of Touré Amed, who signed his double by lodging the ball at the bottom of the Nets (1-2).
The same Touré Amed is caught on the 83rd minute in the surface by an opposing defender, the referee whistles the penalty. The new entrant Badid Gbagnon transforms the penalty (1-3) to the 84th minute. The festival offensive Mimosas continues. It is the turn of Yao Kaya Alphonse to highlight. The wispy mimosas receives a balloon from a beautiful combination of yellow and black, it brushes from the inside of the right foot, the ball finishes its race at the bottom of the nets under the helpless gaze of the porter of the ASI (1-4).
The ASEC Mimosas finish the game with a series of passes, thus depriving its opponents of ball. The yellow and black thus obtain their 7th victory in a row and distance their direct pursuers.
AdABP 023
Code: ABP 023
Country: Tibet
Style:
Date: 1700 - 1800
Dimensions in cm WxHxD: 38 x 48
Materials: Glue distemper on cotton
Padmasambhava - the great Indian tantric master embracing with his consort
Heller, Amy, 1999. Tibetan Art Tracing the Development of Spiritual Ideals and Art in Tibet 600-2000 A.D.. Jaca Books. Fig. 117NEWS FROM ELSEWHERE is where Readers and Friends can add the passion of their own concerns
SPRING 2021 INCLUDES ….
There are many examples of individual’s positive WAKE-UP words and actions.
Our Spring’s Elsewhere is inspired by the poem ‘Home Thoughts, From Abroad’ by Robert Browning
– SPRING TIME … A time to begin again
************************************************************************When I saw the first photo in this post over at figure.fm, judging from the name of that post, I actually thought that Nitroplus went and made a Super Sonico Museum ^^;
This room belongs to ULd-san from Japan who is also a figure sculptor too - you can check out his work at the end of this post.
My office is turning into a Mirai Suenaga museum - how about your room? Is it dedicated mostly to a particular character, anime, game or genre? Do share photos of your room!- About
- Ministries
- Faith and Worship
- How Do I...
- Español
Official Website of the
Catholic Diocese of Little Rock
Published: August 17, 2013
By William Burmester
Diocesan Seminarian
"God created mankind in his image; in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them." (Genesis 1:27)
I'm a momma's boy. Always have been and always will be. I have always been proud of being a momma's boy, and I know with this pride I would protect her at all cost from harm, insult or disgrace. There is a sense of needing to be a protector that I have always felt and that leads me to be very sensitive to the way people treat her.
I think my affection grew deep because she sacrificed her job in order to be a stay-at-home-mom for me and my two brothers. I experienced her love day in and day out through her patience, affection and even through her discipline. My dad made an equal sacrifice by having to provide the income for the whole family by putting in many hours each work week. This meant on a weekly basis he would have to work out of town on business trips.
I will never know the sacrifice my parents endured, but I know that it was a form of sacrificial love offered for each other and my brothers and me. Not a day went by in my life at home without a family prayer and being told by my parents how much they loved us. Love was a foundation within my family.
I learned that love can be expressed in many diverse and beautiful ways. The most profound way in which I saw love in action was in their art of hospitality. My parents enjoy being around people and making everyone feel at home. My mom enjoys preparing an environment of hospitality by putting in hard work to create a welcoming atmosphere in the home. My father can entertain a crowd with his charismatic personality and stories. The way they make others feel like they belong and comfortable in our homemade for many good memories.
This summer I was able to spend time with some of the friends who were a part of my life because of my parents' hospitality. The most common statement directed toward me was about how much I am beginning to resemble my father. They would clarify that they didn't only mean my appearance but in my mannerisms and the way I handle myself in groups. Although I haven't noticed much change in myself, I feel grateful to receive this compliment. I have always respected the way my dad loves others, and I have wanted to love others in the same way.
I now see that the love with which I grew up has formed me into who I am today. I see that the love I share with others has been a consequence of how I was loved by my parents. All those who show me love in life teach me new ways to love and I bring that love to my relationship with God so he can form me in his unique and personal way.
There are two central characteristics to my spirituality that God is beginning to reveal to me in discernment for the priesthood. He wants me to be a momma's boy, and he wants me to resemble my father. He wants me to be a priest that relies on Mother Mary and who protects her because of the love Christ has for her. He also wants me to be a priest who resembles himself as my father in the way I think, act and love.
God has put a desire in my heart to be a glimpse of the infinite love God has for each and every one of his children. This will take knowing him personally through meditative prayer, regular reception of the sacraments, ministry and holy relationships. I pray that my future parishioners can honestly say they have a pastor who is a momma's boy and is a living image of his father in both the worldly and spiritual sense..Have you ever taken your camera for a drive at night? I definitely hadn’t until the instructor from my Night and Low Light Photography course challenged us to do so. It was an interesting experience as I felt like such a creeper having a camera on a tripod in the car. Thankfully I didn’t have my big telephoto lens on, so it wasn’t as bad as it could have been! (Given the long exposure times used, the most you would see of someone is a ghost IF they stayed the same distance from you for the length of the exposure and your camera is facing them, but they don’t know that.)
Note: All of these photos are SOOC (Straight Out of the Camera). I can’t make these colours up!
Mr. Bean was driving (thankfully!), which made it easier for me to operate the camera while we travelled around town. No photography caused accidents for us! I couldn’t imagine trying to operate my camera and driving, especially on some of the bumpy roads we encountered! (Hear that city of Calgary? Some of your roads need to be repaved!)
The best place to do this is in a place with lots of different lights. We drove from the northwest of the city through downtown, then south along one of the main drags and back up north along another main thoroughfare.
The trick with these type of photos is to use the smallest aperture, lowest ISO and longest shutter speed you can while not over exposing. Most of the time I used f/22 or higher, ISO 100 and 20 – 30 second exposure time.
It’s also interesting to take photos when you’re moving and stopping in the same exposure as you can see what was around you as well as the motion.
It’s also good to have a frame of reference, like the dash of the car, to show the motion of you driving past the lights. Or are the lights moving past you? I guess it all depends on your frame of reference. 😛
Another benefit of having Mr. Bean with me while taking the photos was his ideas on how to make lights look cool. I stack it all up to his amazing knowledge about physics and light. 🙂
The above photo was taken on an S curve. Neat, hey?
If your car isn’t changing direction enough, you can create that by moving your camera.
Unfortunately, driving your car in circles doesn’t create the most interesting looking photo…
Have you ever taken your camera for a drive?
*The photo of the sideview mirror is my submission for this week’s reflection themed Foto Friday.
[ad_1]
The BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells has become the first major sporting event in the U.S. to fall victim of the coronavirus outbreak.
The tournament—tennis’ second-biggest in the U.S. behind only the U.S. Open—was due to begin on Monday in California but tournament organizers have opted to postpone it instead.
“We are prepared to hold the tournament on another date and will explore options,” tournament director Tommy Haas said in a statement.
The field this year included Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal—the world No. 1 and No. 2 in the men’s tournament—23-time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams, former U.S. Open champion Naomi Osaka and teenage sensation Coco Gauff.
Tournament officials said the decision to postpone the tournament had been taken following guidance of medical experts, California health officials and the Centers for Disease Control.
“There is too great a risk, at this time, to the public health of the Riverside County area in holding a large gathering of this size,”.”
So sad to hear the news about the postponing of the @BNPPARIBASOPEN . I was so excited to make my debut in IW, but safety is always the no.1 priority. Stay safe ðð¾â¤ï¸
— Coco Gauff (@CocoGauff) March 9, 2020
The tournament was expected to draw approximately 450,000 spectators and tournament organizers said refunds are already available to fans who have purchased tickets, as is the option to receive credit for next year’s tournament.
Speaking to The New York Times, WTA Tour chief executive Steve Simon said tournament organizers had not considered playing the tournament without fans a viable option.
“We were supportive of the concept,” he was quoted as saying. “But ultimately the tournament didn’t feel it was in their best interest.”
California has over 100 suspected cases of coronavirus and Governor Gavin Newsom last week declared a state of emergency as the state works to contain the outbreak of the virus which causes a disease known as COVID-19.
As of Monday morning, at least 557 cases of the disease have been reported across the U.S., with 21 deaths and 8 people recovered, according to Johns Hopkins University which has been tracking the outbreak using combined data sources.
Over 3,800 people have died since the outbreak of coronavirus began in Wuhan, a city located in China’s central Hubei province, late last year. There are over 110,000 cases globally, with 62,000 recovered.
On Sunday night, officials in Riverside County, which includes Indian Wells, declared a public health emergency after reporting a first case of locally acquired coronavirus.
The patient is being treated at Eisenhower Health in Rancho Mirage and is the second case recorded in the county after a passenger from the Diamond Princess cruise ship, who is recovering at a medical facility in Northern California and is yet to return home since testing positive.
“We have always known this was a possibility,” Dr. Cameron Kaiser, Riverside County public health officer, said in a statement. “We have been planning for weeks and are prepared to take the necessary steps to protect the health of our local community.”
A number of sporting events across the world have been canceled, postponed or played behind closed doors because of COVID-19.
The Chinese Formula 1 Grand Prix, which was scheduled to be held next month, has been called off, while the GP in Bahrain, which is scheduled for March 22, will go ahead without fans.
In Italy, which is battling the most cases in Europe, Serie A soccer games were played behind closed doors at the weekend after a number of postponements the previous week.
In the U.S., NHL teams have closed their locker rooms to the media and the NFL postponed its annual Consumer Products Summit on Saturday.
Al Bello/Getty handlings.
[ad_2]
Read more…Looking for independent advice?
Nursing home features
- Medium home (60 beds)
- Commonwealth subsidy (ACFI)
- 24/7 Registered nursing
- Couples accommodation
- Secure garden
- Single rooms with ensuites
- Hairdressing salon
- Facility owned transport
Types of care
- Residential aged care
- Booked respite beds
- Secure dementia beds
- Palliative care
- Non-dedicated respitePeugeot is making great strides in its new car designs- but their auto locks might still be something where there’s room for improvement. That’s what one Peugeot driver must have been thinking anyway, when he accidentally got locked out of his Peugeot Blipper.
Table of Contents
Not Your Typical Car Lockout
Getting locked out of your car isn’t exactly headliner news. It happens every day, which is of course why autolocks LTD exists: to help vehicle owners who can’t access their vehicles, whether it’s because of lost car keys, broken keys, or failed auto lock systems.
But this wasn’t your typical lockout situation. You see, the driver of this particular Blipper was at a red stoplight. For some unknown reason, he decided he needed to exit his vehicle quickly, in an attempt to either retrieve something from the boot or check something on the exterior of his mini van. He may also have been trying to talk to the driver of the car in front of him.
In any case, he got out of his car at the light.
When he returned to the driver side door, he discovered that he was locked out. The funny thing was, his engine was still running. Imagine a lockout with keys in the ignition, engine running, doors locked. Now picture that same scenario when you’re at a red light that’s just turned green… with drivers piling up behind you. Not fun.
A Smart Key Could Have Saved the Day
Many auto manufacturers are now developing apps that when used, can give car owners access to several features in their vehicles. One is a door locking and unlocking function.
Instead of a key, and instead of a key fob, there’s an app for the driver’s phone. It controls unlocking and locking the door, which would have really saved the day in the case of the hapless driver of the Peugeot Blipper.
Some car manufacturers are already rolling out this app. In the case of Volvo, their new cars for 2017 will feature keyless and “fob-less” entry.
As for Peugeot, what do they have in store for owners of their new cars for 2017? Let’s take a look.
Peugeot’s 2017 Lineup and Smartphone Apps for Unlocking and Locking Doors
The new Peugeot 308 GTI has some attractive features, but the one we here at AutolLocks LTD are concerned about is the door lock feature. The GTI, which comes in two different models, the 270 and the 250, has keyless entry, which is becoming more prevalent in cars these days.
The cockpit of the Peugeot has a 9.7-inch screen, on which drivers can manage their door lock and unlock functions, among other things.
You’ll notice there’s no mention of any smartphone app. That’s because Peugeot doesn’t actually make one for the 308 GTI. There is a way to use a smartphone app with your Peugeot, however.
Use an NFC Lock to Use Your Smartphone for Your Car Key
While keyless entry is now common in new cars, smartphone apps are not. There is a workaround, however, for those car owners who want the new technology but aren’t willing to wait around for new models to come out.
Called the “NFC login system”, this system allows people who are tech-savvy to create a smartphone-based auto door lock system. This system worked on a 407 Peugeot, according to the author, who chronicled his experience using the system on his own vehicle.
Using Your Smartphone to Open Your Peugeot
The tutorial for the process described above is available online, and there’s also a github for the whole process, too. Proceed at your own risk, however! Even the writer of the tutorial had a few problems.
When he used his normal car key to lock his 407 Peugeot, his central locking system no longer worked. That meant he had to use his NFC system to look his doors.
Interested in trying this yourself? You’ll find the files, the code for the smartphone, and the APK at the github link above.
And if you get stuck (or if your locks get stuck!), remember there’s always autolocks LTC to call. We’re on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week for your auto lock needs. Lockouts, lost keys, or key repairs on your Peugeot, no matter what model it might be, are no problem for our professional car key specialist locksmiths.
Were you wondering what happened to the Blipper driver from our story? He finally removed himself and stood on the sidewalk near his inaccessible Peugeot, watching the traffic go around his vehicle. Eventually, he called a specialist auto locksmith like AutoLocks LTD.In this section
Calf Health Workshops
This course concentrates on the calf from birth to weaning, though relevant aspects of everything – from dam health to target ages for calving – are covered. Trainees are enabled to plan and prepare for successful heifer production, conduct basic first aid in the neonatal calf and provide appropriate management to ensure maximum survival rates.
Learning Outcomes
- Produce a plan from birth to calving
- Assess the body condition of the dam
- Know how best to set up and run a calving system
- Evaluate a calf’s airways, breathing and circulation
- List the major roles of colostrum: energy, warmth, laxative and passive transfer
- Know the correct amount and time frame for colostrum intake
- Know how to administer supplementary colostrum safely
For further information, or to enroll on the next course, please Contact Us.Let Us Handle It
When you purchase your Corriform from us you get a bespoke quantified, cut and creased permanent formwork system, delivered and ready to use.
Groundwork Engineered Systems Offer
Send Us The Plans
We plan your on-site requirements as per your construction drawings.
We Quantify Your Project
Groundwork will quantify your exact requirements with no waste.
Precise Costing
We can work out exact costings and we only supply what you need – no wasted sheets.
Bespoke Preparation
Each project requires consideration on both design and installation of the formwork. Groundworks will engineer a solution to meet your project needs.
Delivered Ready
Your Corriform is delivered on time to the site, ready with guides, pre-cut and creased for efficient installation.
Accessories Included
All installation accessories including spacers and fixers are supplied with your Corriform order.
Send Us Your Plans
Let Groundwork do the heavy lifting. Simply upload your GA drawings and we’ll work out exactly what you need and how much it will cost. Our knowledge and experience means there will be no wasted materials, protecting your budget.
Everything you need planned & supplied
Corriform Sheets
Pre-cut, pre-creased for your specific project and supplied with installation guide
FOSROC Proofex TOTAL Tape
Double-sided butyl tape for sealing of side and end laps and for use in detailing work.
Corripin
U-shaped metal pin inserted into the flutes to mechanically connect the Corrifom boards.
Spacers
Grippa type spacers are attached to the reinforcement to provide the correct dimensional concrete cover to the reinforcement.
Complete Installation Instructions Provided
Not only do you get your Corriform formwork planned and supplied at no extra cost, we also make sure you are able to install quickly and correctly, maintaining the integrity of the product.
Corriform Walkthrough
This quick video demonstrates just how easy and efficient our complete Corriform service is, saving you time, money and headaches.
What do I need to send to get a quote?
You can send us your GA plans. Plans can be uploaded directly via our order enquiry page.
How long will it take to get a quote?
As soon as we get your plans we’ll do the problem solving for you and call you with a quote asap.
What's the difference between Beam form and Corriform?
Corriform is the original permanent formwork. Beamform is the same, but ours is guaranteed to be the best quality. Our comes pre creased and cut so it performs as it should.
Do you deliver on site?
Yes! We usually do next day delivery and because we’ve pre-creased and cut the sheets for you, you won’t have waste to deal with either.
Groundwork innovations
Subscribe to our articles and be at the forefront of industry innovation.
About
Groundwork Systems provides in-house, formwork take-off and pre-fabrication services for the whole of the construction industry.
Our systems are manufactured and adapted to the client’s individual, specific formwork requirements as designed by the project engineering consultant.
Groundwork Engineered Systems Ltd
1 Units A & B
Glossopbrook Business Park
Glossopbrook Road
Glossop
Derbyshire
SK13 8GG
Tel: +44 (0)1457 863444
admin@groundworkeng.co.uk
Groundwork Engineered Systems Ltd
1 Units A & B
Glossopbrook Business Park
Glossopbrook Road
Glossop
Derbyshire
SK13 8GG
Tel: +44 (0)1457 863444
admin@groundworkeng.co.uk
About
Groundwork Systems provides in-house, formwork take-off and pre-fabrication services for the whole of the construction industry.
Our systems are manufactured and adapted to the client’s individual, specific formwork requirements as designed by the project engineering consultant.Zero use of pesticides - the City is changing its nature!
In 2008, the City and the Urban Community of Strasbourg began an irreversible program involving a blanket ban on the use of pesticides in the city's public spaces.
This was an important step forward in the effort to improve the city's quality of life and was designed to help protect public health, preserve water resources from pollution and prevent damage to groundwater.
The policy was implemented with the help of the Rhine Meuse water agency.
Banning chemical products means better management of local plant life
The banning of pesticides in 2008 meant a significant upheaval in the way the City maintained its green spaces and involved the introduction of new gardening techniques, which although more natural, also took up more time. Plants previously considered as weeds were encouraged to grow, while more plants were introduced into the city centre and alternative methods of weed control tested. The advantages of these new methods far outweighed the drawbacks and the policy has proved to be a popular success.
Alternatives to chemical weed control
Several techniques are used, including brushing machines, gas burners and steam machines and each has its own advantages and disadvantages. Weed control is also reduced to a minimum by other techniques and planting strategies, such as the choice of suitable plants, mulching and allowing meadows to grow.
A tailored approach to the upkeep of open spaces
A large city has many kinds of open spaces, including ornamental gardens, family gardens, squares and riverbanks, all of which need a different kind of upkeep, according to the way they are planted and how they used.
In Strasbourg, 6 types of green spaces have been identified:
- Flowered areas (plant containers, window boxes, hanging baskets),
- Horticultural green spaces (traditional gardens and parks, the areas around monuments, public buildings and churches, etc.),
- Urban green spaces forming district centres (busy squares),
- Interdistrict urban green spaces (promenades, riverbanks, etc),
- Extended green spaces (natural spaces or meadowland),
- Ecological natural spaces (conservation of flora and fauna).
Each space needs a different frequency and type of upkeep, they need watering at different times, the type of fertiliser required is different, they need trimming and cutting at different times and require different techniques, etc. Public flowerbeds, for example, need regular and meticulous weed control, while a dead tree will be left where it lies in an ecological space, to encourage the development of micro-fauna.
Over the Eurometropolis, 3 types of spaces have been defined:
- Roadside trees,
- Community thoroughfares,
- Certain sports facilities.
Brushing machines are now used on thoroughfares, while the bases of trees are covered with bark cuttings or grass is allowed to grow there.
You too, you can help!
If you keep plants on your balcony, on your terrace or in your garden, try to grow and care for them without chemicals. The techniques are perfectly simple and with a bit of common sense you can get nature onto your side.
To learn more, download the "Petit manuel du jardinage au naturel" (manual of natural gardening – in French only) and its help sheets.
Below you will find a few tips to help you make the switch over to natural techniques:
- Pour boiling cooking water over unwanted plants on pathways,
- Use a hoe or a knife to dig weeds up from their roots,
- Cover de-weeded areas with natural products such as bark or straw...
- Use material such as gravel or sand to make pathways...
- Make your own compost,
- Grow local plants,
- Grow suitable combinations of plants,
- Attract pollen-gathering insects,
- Use beer and ash to discourage slugs,
- Attract hedgehogs, ladybirds and other creatures to eat greenfly and slugs,
- Place anti-insect nets over carrots and fruit bushes, etc
If you want to dispose of your old pesticides and chemical fertilisers, you can take them to the City's special waste disposal areas (in French). These are dangerous products that need special treatment and must never be thrown away outside, down the sink or in household refuse.GEA Sustainability ESCP - ZOOM Presentation
Time & Location
About The Event
Hi everyone!
The GEA Sustainability ESCP team is thrilled to announce the opening of the recruitment process for 2020-2021!
We are looking for new associates to join our team in different divisions: marketing, sponsor & partnership, finance and many others! Are you interested in sustainability and would like to take concrete actions to make our campuses and the world greener? Then GEA Sustainability ESCP would be thrilled to receive your application!
Find attached a presentation with all the open roles as well as for instructions on how to apply.
Recruitment dates: from 22nd of September until the 2nd of October
If you would like to get to know us better, make sure to join our online event on Zoom, where we will present the association, we will get to know each other and you will have the chance to win a 30-min free ride on Helbiz's scooters if you are in Turin or be gifted amazing gadgets from Helbiz if you are on any other campus!
When: Thursday, 24th of September at 18.15 on Zoom by following this link
Feel free to contact us via email or on our social media profiles if you have any questions. We look forward to seeing you on Thursday and receiving your applications!
-
GEA Sustainability ESCPQuestion of the WeekWho will win the National League?
Just In: FT: Bradford 2 Grimsby 1
By: Rob Sedgwick
Date: 19/04/2008 22:00
Bradford once more sunk Grimsby's hearts with an injury time goal. Peter Till had given Grimsby a deserved first half lead, before City subjected Town to an onslaught after the break.
Report to follow... Full StoryArtist:Required Products:Compatible Figures:Victoria 4Compatible Software: Poser, Daz Studio 4.16Install Types:Daz Connect DIM Manual InstallSKU:26341
- $5.00
Optional License Add-Ons:$10.00
*Unless otherwise specified, no discounts or offers will apply to License Add‑Ons.Artist: Lady Littlefox RuntimeDNACompatible Figures: Victoria 4Compatible Software: Poser, Daz Studio 4.16Install Types: Daz Connect DIM Manual InstallSKU:26341
Optional License Add-Ons:$10.00
*Unless otherwise specified, no discounts or offers will apply to License Add‑Ons.
This product is in this bundle
Details
The body says what words cannot. ~ Martha Graham
The language of dance is an art form that transcends nationality and gender. It is a thing of grace and passion that carries the audience into a world of the dancer's own creation. Come with us into an exploration of the world of Dance with this, the first step of every dancer's travels.... practice.
What's Included and Features
- The Art of Dance - Ballet V4 - Toe Shoes: (.CR2 and .OBJ)
- ToeShoes
- Black
- Cream
- Grey
- Pink
- White
- Morphs
- PointeShoeFeet INJ/REM
- Textures Include:
- 8 Texture and Bump Maps (2048 x 2048 to 3200 x 2048)
- DAZ Studio Material Presets (.DSA)
- Poser Custom Material Presets (.PZ2)
Notes
- This product includes:
- 1 Poser Core Installer
Product Add-Ons
Adding to Cart…
Inspired of Singapore and Paris EUROPLACE and with the support of both the French and Singaporean authorities.
Les Rencontres Économiques in Singapore will mark a key milestone in the relationship between the two countries, gathering major stakeholders to foster dialogue and increase cooperation. The forum will gather business leaders, academics, institutions, policy makers, think tanks, and students from Asia and Europe.
Europe and the Asian Century: Keys for the World Economy
24 & 25 November 2016
Through a free and open debate, new ideas will emerge on key issues such as innovation, monetary policies, economic growth, investment, finance or regional integration.
Programm Rencontres Economiques in Singapore
speakers and keys figures
Newspaper: resing-media-placement-report-301116
Co-organizers :. The Asia-Pacific campus, strategically located in Singapore, represents the perfect foothold
for ESSEC Business School to be part of the vibrant growth of Asia and to share its expertise
in the fast-growing region.
Par.Cora is 4 months old, she is the most happiest baby ever! Every where we go, everyone\u2019s always so fascinated with her, from her head full of dark hair, to her wide eyes that just pull you in, to her smile that just melts your heart. Our girl is the sweetest!Book & Save with our Cheap Aberdeen Airport Parking Online Widget
Compare the cheapest prices and save on your airport parking when you book online with Aberdeen Airport Car Parking discount codes today! Get up to 72% off your parking from Priority Parking to Park and Ride, with instant quotes from Parking at Airports. We provide parking from both Aberdeen Airport themselves as well as local, trusted airport parking companies, and with millions of passengers travelling from Scotland to the UK, Europe and all around the world, there is secure, convenient and cheap airport parking to suit everyone.
Onsite Parking for less with the latest Cheap Aberdeen Airport Parking!
Parking onsite at Aberdeen Airport means not only parking as close the terminal as possible, but also being rest assured that your car if in safe hands. Their onsite parking is provided by the airport themselves, so you know you can book safe and secure parking. There are three main parking options you can book with Parking At Airports, including:
Cheapest: If you want the cheapest airport parking, then take advantage of our discounts on Park and Ride parking from trusted companies near the airport. Aberdeen Airport Park and Ride is the ultimate money saving option for travellers who want parking on average just 5 minutes away from the airport, with regular free shuttle buses to take your straight there. When you book with reputable third party parking companies, not only can you be sure that you are getting the cheapest Aberdeen airport car parking, but at Parking At Airports, we can get you further discounts on this super low cost parking so you can save even more.
Long Stay & Short Stay: Short & Long Stay parking is very popular among holiday and business travellers alike, with easy and convenient parking close to the terminal. The cheapest airport parking is the Long Stay car park, which is a 5 minute bus ride away from the terminal and offers free bus transfers directly to the airport. Short stay parking is a 1-3 minute walk away from the terminal and is the best-selling airport parking among their passengers with excellent reviews.
Priority: If you want the most convenient Aberdeen airport car parking then pick Priority, as being up to a 1 minute walk away you really can’t get any closer! This is great for those who just want to get up and go, as it also includes Priority security access for faster boarding.
Airport Location & Contact Details
Aberdeen Airport is based in Dyce in Aberdeen, approximately 7 miles north-west of the city centre, and is easily accessible via the A96 Aberdeen-Inverness road. It is fully signposted making it easy for travellers to find.
Address & Postcode: Aberdeen International Airport, Dyce, Aberdeen, Scotland AB21 7DU
If you want to get in touch with their team directly, you can always give them a call on 44 844 481 6666 or even leave them a text message by texting “airport” and then your message to 80800. For more information regarding your Aberdeen Airport car parking reservations, you can get in contact with the company you booked with via your booking confirmation email.“Reverse.. Be aware that while you cannot lose your home under normal circumstances, foreclosure may occur if you do not pay your taxes and insurance and otherwise comply with the loan terms.-07T16:22:22+00:00May 7th, 2014|Baby Boomers, Choosing an Agent, General Mortgage Info, Line of Credit,We believe we are the answer to many producers without the giant budgets that the large VFX companies require. We have reduced our overheads and worked out more efficient ways of running our business to allow us to make a substantial saving for producers while keeping the quality extremely high. Whether you are looking to get more for your post-production budget or do not have enough for the large VFX companies we can get involved.
Our aim
Det East wants to carve out a niche in the film market for independent / lower budget / non VFX-reliant films, that require high-quality but cost effective post work; (Conform, Grade & VFX). We have handled 676 shots over two films in 8 months, so we know we have the capacity for medium-sized jobs. We can also help with the entire post production process and be involved from an early stage to make sure all the picture-post is as efficient as it can be, saving the producer time and funds that can be spent where they should be: Onscreen!
History
We are an official bedroom facility. For several years, talented artists have been working from their bedrooms to create outstanding work traditionally associated with big visual effects companies. There had to be a time when this bedroom industry broke free from the home and applied its efficient structure into a micro VFX company. We have zero legacy—that means we do not have expensive equipment that we are still paying off even though it is redundant. Our data infrastructure is completely solid state—this means no traditional hard disks, which makes our workflow faster and a more robust.
Who is behind Det East?
Det East was formed in 2012 by Diego Vazquez & Sam Smith. Diego is Det East VFX supervisor, Lead Artist and all-round film whizkid! Sam an ex VFX artist himself takes a fresh approach to running this company.
Diego Vazquez Lozano
Diego was born to be a VFX artist and filmmaker. With 18 years experience, he has the perfect blend of technical and artistic qualities that award him the most incredible understanding of VFX and the filmmaking process. Having worked on major Hollywood feature films and many high-profile commercials and promos for the leading VFX companies in London & L.A., his experience is second to none. Diego has also directed two feature films, several commercials and pop-promos. Where required, we were able to take care of the entire production, giving us the opportunity to apply our efficiency methods.
Sam Smith
Sam is an entrepreneur with creative ambitions. He was also a VFX artist, which has given him substantial understanding of the industry and a perceptive approach to the running of a post-production company. Having worked as a designer for many years prior to Det East, Sam has developed a sharp and discerning eye and an intelligent approach to problem-solving; coupled with his remarkable transparency and focus, which make him a perfect guardian for our mission.The Anniversary Collection features pearlized stripes and embossed metallic paper in shimmering silver and champagne gold, with satin ribbon trim and foil stamped title.
- 50th anniversary guest book with pen
- Space for 500 guest signatures
- Padded elegant cover with removable window insert that can be personalized with photo or other sentiment
- Acid and lignin-free lined pages for lasting quality
- Measures 9 3/4-inches x 7-inches tallIt is a horrible feeling becoming broke in Vegas. If you don’t adequately strategy and spending plan your gambling vacation, You will probably find yourself standing about the Strip with all your vacant pockets turned within out looking at the fountains at no cost as you cannot pay for to carry out anything. In order to avoid this tragedy, you need to strategy and price range your gambling time. Otherwise, you’ll be broke following the primary evening.
Suppose you happen to be a median Joe (or Jane) who helps make a mean income and you are going to Vegas for a 4-night time gambling family vacation. Program your vacation to acquire an concept of just how long you would like to gamble. Your strategy doesn’t have to generally be established in stone, but you’ll need some concept of just how much gambling you can expect to do to obtain an concept of the amount funds You’ll have. Such as, suppose you arrive in Vegas at midday on Sunday and depart at 7:00am on Thursday. Excluding pursuits such as ingesting, sleeping, sight-looking at, browsing, obtaining a therapeutic massage, etc., your gambling prepare might seem a little something like the following (your plan may sa gaming be roughly thorough, but the point is you ought to do some degree of setting up).
Sunday two:00pm to four:00pm play craps.
Sunday seven:00pm to ten:00pm Enjoy craps.
Monday two:00pm to four:00pm Engage in craps.
Monday 8:00pm to 10:00pm Perform craps.
Tuesday eleven:00am to one:00pm Enjoy slots.
Tuesday eight:00pm to eleven:00pm Participate in craps.
Wednesday 2:00pm to five:00pm play two-four Holdem poker.
Wednesday eight:00pm to 11:00pm Perform craps.
Your system will transform thanks to quite a few influences, which include whether or not you win or lose for the duration of a specific session. Don’t forget, this is simply a starting point that permits you to estimate simply how much gambling revenue you must carry. If you don’t have the self-discipline to generate this kind of plan, then you have a excellent probability of going broke ahead of your getaway ends–and being broke in Vegas isn’t any enjoyment.
Using your approach, estimate the amount of gambling revenue you have to carry. This estimate need to be depending on the desk boundaries you intend to Enjoy. I choose to play at craps tables with $5 minimums or a lot less. When you Perform at $ten tables, Then you really will have to double the amount of cash you provide.
Step one to producing your gambling price range is always to divide your gambling time into one-hour classes. The 2nd stage is usually to remind on your own that you are going to play excellent, limited craps and keep away from bets that have large On line casino positive aspects. For those who Participate in loosey-goosey, you are going to deplete your total bankroll in mere minutes. For $five minimal-or-less craps tables, a guideline that I often use will be to price range $100 for every 1-hour session. I have identified that $a hundred is enough to endure a few cold streaks, nonetheless sufficiently small so my complete gambling time with the journey will not Value me a fortune.Prettyhillz Top Coupons & Promo Codes
- All Coupons (1)
- Coupon Codes (1)
- Special Deals (0)
-
- 10% OFF
MY WEBSITE IS OFFICIALLY UP ! Use discount code FOR 10% OFF ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Make your purchase now and save big at prettyhillz.com with this prettyhillz.com promo codes. At prettyhillz.com, it is currently at its best price ever.
Expire: soon
Viewed by 31 UsersGet CodeBIGYAZ
-
- 10% OFF
We’ve got rope to help you out blackpanthburn at Use code for 10% your order. A gif...
You can't miss such a great deal at prettyhillz.com. For the ultimate shopping experience, look no further.
Sell More Prettyropes Coupon CodesGet CodeNEWBIE
- 25% OFF
NiyasBoutique ???????????? ENTIRE site is 25% off. Sale ends 9/10/21. Use code: ???? ????
Click and grab huge savings with prettyhillz.com coupon code. Goundbreaking sale with never before seen prices.
Sell More Princessniyasboutique Coupon CodesGet CodeLABORDAY
- 5% OFF
- PRX ( ) has many wall storage option where you can save 5% with promo code
Make purchases on top sale items at prettyhillz.com. Beat the crowd and buy now.
Sell More PRx Performance Coupon CodesGet CodeGGExperiment5
- 15% OFF
My album, Monsters & Mothers is officially on sale❗️ ❗️ Use promo code to...
Great chance to save money with this offer from prettyhillz.com. This bargain is guaranteed to make you a happy customer.
Sell More Reddofficialmusic Coupon CodesGet CodeMONSTERSDISCOUNT
- $180 OFF
PRE-ORDER Cool Grey 11s December release for $180 a pair... Use promo code you are welcome.
No prettyhillz.com coupon code required for this promotion. Don't eye it any longer. Check out now!
Sell More Retailpreorder Coupon CodesGet CodeCOOL
- 20% OFF
RT reverentgeek: The sale is still happening! Use discount code to get 20% your order!
Make purchases on top sale items at prettyhillz.com. Beat the crowd and buy now.
Sell More Reverentgeek Coupon CodesGet CodeSTREAMFUND
Other Popular Coupons
Prettyhill Prettyhillz
It's a real pain to have to search for physical coupons, cut them out and tote them around in your purse or wallet until you visit the store. When you find the right promotional code for prettyhill.
Prettyhillz Social Media Links
Find yourself and your favorites, following this brand on various social media channels. On Twitter, Facebook, google. prettyhill Prettyhillz Coupon Codes
Choose your favorite product and add to your shopping cart. Second, copy and paste the prettyhill. prettyhillz.com is the best online destination to shop for.This dedicated airman is swimming in 2019 World Military Games
The saying goes "when you aren't training, someone else is." So when it comes to being the best at anything, it requires consistent dedication and sacrifice to maintain a competitive advantage. That hard work is starting to pay off for one airman.
The 15 best swimmers in the Department of Defense have earned the opportunity to compete in the swimming component of the 2019 World Military Games. The youngest team member is Airman 1st Class Michael Yoo, 366th Maintenance Squadron avionics backshop technician, from Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho.
"I've been swimming since I was a kid and kept swimming competitively through college," Yoo said. "When I heard about the World Military Games, I was immediately interested."
Yoo explained that he talked to his supervisor, 2nd Lt. Brittany Diaz, 366th MXS avionics backshop flight commander, and worked out a plan to reach his goal.
"I'm thankful for my supervisor," Yoo said. "She has supported me throughout this journey and allowed me to make it this far."
With all the support he needed, Yoo dedicated a large portion of his time to training.
Airman 1st Class Micheal Yoo, 366th Maintenance Squadron, avionics backshop techinician, poses for a photo during his daily swim training Sept. 18th, 2019, at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho.
(U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Tyrell Hall)
"Every day I get up at 3 a.m. each morning and drive 50 minutes to Boise to swim in a regulation-sized pool," Yoo said. "From there I drive back, work, then I'll either swim again or workout in the afternoon."
In June 2019, Yoo received the news that he was selected to be on the U.S. military swim team.
"It was a mix of emotions," Yoo said. "I was excited and nervous at the same time."
Representing the United States is a once in a lifetime opportunity for most people.
"To be selected as one of the 15 service members in the entire DoD to compete at the World Military Games is not only a representation of the determination, confidence and diligence that Airman 1st Class Yoo possesses, but a reminder to all airmen that with these characteristics, there are no boundaries when it comes to your dreams and goals," Diaz said.
Airman 1st Class Micheal Yoo, 366th Maintenance Squadron, avionics backshop techinician, poses for a photo during his daily swim training Sept. 18th, 2019, at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho.
The next step for Yoo is to travel to San Diego to meet and train with the rest of the swim team. From there, Yoo and his team will be competing on the world stage in Wuhan, China, October 2019.
Yoo stands as a great example of what all airmen are capable of accomplishing.
"I instilled the lesson into airman Yoo early on that if you work hard and grow wherever you're planted, you will do amazing things and that I'll be cheering him on as it all unfolds," Diaz said. "It has been an honor to be part of airman Yoo's journey and to serve as his commander. Go U.S.A. and go Air Force!"
This article originally appeared on United States Air Force. Follow @USAF on Twitter.♥ Nothing Better Than Reading!! ♥ discussion
Book/Genre of the Month > Inkheart by Cornelia Funke - May 2015 BOTM
Comments Showing 1-7 of 7 (7 new) post a comment »
message 1: by A, Crazy. (new)
Apr 30, 2015 08:32AM
reply | flag *
message 7: by Maggie the Muskoka Library Mouse (new)
European Congress on Obesity (ECO) in Glasgow, UK (28 April-1 May), abstract CP2.06: Should the soft drinks industry levy (“the sugar tax”) be framed as a childhood obesity intervention? Anabtawi, O.; Townsend, T.; Strathearn, L.; Swift, J. A. School of Biosciences, Nottingham Univ.
Introduction: The Soft Drinks Industry Levy (SDIL) came into effect on the 6th of April 2018 and it is designed to tackle Sugar Sweetened Beverages (SSBs); the largest contributor of sugar in children’s diets. It has been mandated as part of the Childhood Obesity Plan and is projected to result in an8.55% reduction in the rates of children and adolescents who are obese (Briggs et al., 2016). To understand more about the potential impacts of action on SSBs, this study aimed to consider the characteristics of children in the UK who drink, and do not drink, SSBs and the impact of overall energy intake.
Methodology: Data from 4-day estimated food diaries of 1298 children aged 4-10 years from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey Rolling program from 2008 to 2016 were analysed using SPSS version 24. Based upon their consumption or not, children were categorised as “drinkers”and “non-drinkers” of SSBs. Other variables included child age, gender, weight classification (IOTF cut-offs calculated from weight (kgs) and height (cm) (Cole et al. 2007)), total energy requirements for age, total energy intake (<90% of energy requirement met by intake taken as lower than recommended energy intake, 90-100% as met recommended energy intake, >110% above recommended energy intake), and Non-Milk Extrinsic Sugar (NMES) intake (<5% of total energy requirement as low NMES intake, 5–10% as medium NMES intake, >10% as high NMES intakes) (WHO, 2015).
Results: The consumption of NMES from food and drink within the total population was higher than recommended in 78.4% (n = 1017) children and significantly higher among the 790 (60.86%) of children classified as drinkers of SSBs (67.6%, n = 688) compared to non-drinkers(32.2%, n = 329). However, 78.1% (n = 617) children who were drinkers of SSBs did note xceed their total energy requirements and there was no significant difference between the two groups of drinkers and non-drinkers in terms of age, gender or body weight classification.
Conclusion: In this representative sample of UK children, high intake of NMEs was not directly correlated with high energy consumption, therefore, depending on a single-nutrient approach in tackling childhood obesity might not be the most effective. Furthermore, SSB drinking is not a behaviour particular to children with a higher body weight, on the contrary, framing sugar reduction in tackling obesity might reinforce negative stereotypes around “unhealthy dieting”. More equitably, policies should focus on those children whose consumption of SSBs significantly increases their total NMEs.
Reference: Briggs, A. D. M., et al, (2016) Health impact assessment of the UK soft drinks industry levy: a comparative risk assessment modelling study. The Lancet Public Health, 2, e15–e22.
Sex researchers often feel sympathy for marginalized groups, especially when the groups have been marginalized due to irrational intolerance of sexuality. I have sympathized with various marginalized groups throughout my career, starting with homosexual people (back when they were marginalized), then transsexuals, and recently pedophiles, among others.1
Members of sexually marginalized groups are human. This means that they will sometimes be tempted to make unreasonable demands on scientists and accusations against scientists who resist those demands. I have occasionally angered members of sexually marginalized groups. For example, during the 1990s some gay men disliked the idea that there is an association between homosexuality and gender nonconformity. I have devoted considerable effort to studying this association, which I now consider beyond reasonable doubt. I have written about autogynephilia—also beyond reasonable doubt and a common reason why Western natal males become transsexual (Lawrence, 2012)—despite the livid reactions of some transsexuals. I have angered bisexual men by publishing research suggesting that some do not have bisexual arousal patterns (Rieger, Chivers, & Bailey, 2005), while conceding bisexual identity and behavior clearly exist.
I have offended sexually marginalized group by prioritizing the goals of sex research—putting forward plausible hypotheses, collecting and publishing data, drawing conclusions from data rather than my preferences, and making clear and correct arguments to the best of my abilities—over advocating for anyone, including marginalized groups. I have done so even when some groups insisted that my sex research harmed them. If I had prioritized advocacy, I likely would have refrained from conducting, or at least publishing, the offending research. That would have harmed sex research and would not have benefited the offended groups in any defensible way.
Thinking about groups can mislead one into ignoring important variation within groups. Many gay men embrace gender nonconformity—witness the success (twice) of the U.S. television show “Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.” And some—we do not know what proportion—of males who fantasize about being female not only admit their autogynephilia, they embrace it and express relief that they are not alone (Lawrence, 2012; Saotome-Westlake, 2016). Supporting transgender persons who oppose autogynephilia theory is failing to support (or more accurately silencing) those who support the theory. What to do? An advocate would go with the majority, I suppose, although it would be difficult to get an accurate survey count. A scientific sex researcher would open discussion, weigh in with knowledge and data, and feel no compunction. To the extent that some members of a marginalized group require that plausible or even factual ideas not be discussed, they need therapy more than advocacy.
---“Writer’s block” is a widely embraced ideology, not just in writing circles, but in time-honored narratives around the writing process. We don’t hear about painter’s block or composer’s block or dancer’s block. While painters, composers, and dancers may, indeed, experience periods of time when the flow of their work is more challenging than usual or when it comes to a halt, writers are the only creative demographic that get a name for this struggle.
Writer’s block, I acknowledge, may be a legitimate experience for some writers (Psychologist Edmund Bergler said it has something to do with blocked emotions, but more about that in a future post). Lately, I’ve been thinking that writer’s fear is a more appropriate word for the thing that stops many writers from writing. Or from writing freely and honestly.
Fear of what they don’t yet know—the subconscious can be a scary place until we make friends with it, and rooting around in one’s own darkness can unveil all kinds of startling discoveries.
Fear of what they already know—we’re indoctrinated at a very young age to fall in line with cultural norms. When we don’t shame is a significant detractor in being true to ourselves.
Fear of what others will think—our need to be accepted and not abandoned is an inherent human need.
I had a conversation with a group of writers the other day about feeling that tug of holding back when writing, thinking about what other people—family members, in particular—will think.
Not wanting to make waves and jeopardize our connection with our Tribe—our connection with the people who gave us life and shaped us: parents, siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins—is understandable. Our history can feel like a lifeline, and our culture tells us these blood ties should be maintained at all costs.
But I disagree.
Virginia Woolf wrote about the angel in the house in her paper, “Professions For Women.” According to Woolf, the angel was the voice of society that sits on the shoulder of every female writer with its great white wings and whispers in her ear about what was acceptable and not acceptable for a woman to express on paper. She wrote about killing her angel by clocking it in the head with her ink well.
One of the first things I do when I work with clients and students is ask them to write a letter to their angel—or angels (some of us have many). The purpose of this letter is to create a story that allows for the killing of the angels so the writer is free to move forward with her writing project, unfettered of the ignorant, uninformed, narcissistic yammerings of the voices inside her head, which usually belong to the writer’s culture and/or family.
I can tell you from experience that doing this exercise will piss you off and getting pissed is essential to not caring, a skill all creative people, and maybe especially writers, must acquire.
“Why get pissed?” you might ask.
Every time someone reacts to your words, every time someone whines or shames or cries or yells at you for what you’ve written or what you’re in the process of writing, it is an attempt to silence you. They may not see it that way, but it is.
And if that doesn’t royally piss you off, it should. It should offend you. It should rile you. It should make you want to come out punching and jabbing, metaphorically, of course. And what better way to punch and jab at the world and its attempts to keep you in its tidy little box—so no one has to feel uncomfortable, so no one has to encounter a truth other than their own—than to use your exquisite voice?
This isn’t easy, especially when we love the people who react to our work. If a stranger calls me out on my content, I really don’t care. If someone I love calls me out on my content, I still don’t care (which is different from not caring about the person), but there’s the complicated tug of knowing someone I care about isn’t able to take in my work, isn’t able to celebrate the thing that means the most to me. Ultimately, it means that they aren’t able to see me.
It’s a shame, to be sure. But hear me now, dear writer. We are not here to pet the boo boos of others. We are not here to hide ourselves so other people can maintain the comfy little personal world they’ve created for themselves. We are here to utilize the gift we were born with—to use words to make meaning of life, and in doing so, to make the world a little bit better.
A family member once accused me of “making fun” of our family. The piece they referred to was actually doing the opposite—honoring what I come from and realizing that, despite my attempts to “rise up” and out of the blue-collar existence, I had, in that moment, come full circle and found myself square in it: cleaning houses for a living with four college degrees. Oh, the irony.
A friend once wrote to me and said, “I’m worried about you,” when she read a blog post I wrote that discussed the certainty of death. How gauche of me.
And I’ve had family members experience anxiety when they believed my stories hit too close to home, when they believed they recognized themselves or other family members in the writing.
As Ann Lamott once wrote, “If people wanted you to write warmly of them, they should have behaved better.” AMEN.
Part of this problem comes from non-writers not understanding how a writer’s mind works, how the creative process—specific to writing—works. They don’t understand the spark that may, in fact, come from a lived experience can morph into a fictional story about a fictional character who is not the writer or the writer’s child or partner or ex-partner or parent or whomever the hell. They don’t understand that while we may—oftentimes, subconsciously—model characters after real-life people, we’re not writing about the actual people. We’re likely making sense of our lived experience that could, possibly, include someone else’s stupid bullshit behavior.
A friend, also a writer, once told me a story about a writer friend of hers who published her first novel. She was nervous about her mother seeing herself in the shrewish mother in the story. When her mother read the novel, she did see herself… but not in the mother. She saw herself in the kind and loving aunt. So, it seems that people will see themselves in our work the way they see—or what to see—themselves in life. They will feel exposed by our work no matter what we do. Bottom line: We’re all narcissists to some degree. Some people want to put themselves at the center of our world. They can’t imagine this not being so.
Not all resistance is to our writing is about perceived exposure, though. Sometimes, it’s because we’re touting beliefs that run counter to what we were taught. In my mind, this is very simply, a phase of growing up. Of individuating.
When I teach my Writing Through the Body™ workshops and we discuss the traits and expressions of the Root Chakra, we talk about how sometimes the Tribe doesn’t have the capacity to allow the individuals within it to transform into their own unique persona. Sometimes, this requires breaking from the Tribe in some way.
In the workshops, we’re applying these traits and expressions to characters, but they apply to us as well. (In fact, they applied to us first.)
The truth is: people will do what they do, and they’ll think what they think. Our job is to mine the narratives of our lived experience to make meaning of the human condition. Nobody said it would always be pretty. Nobody said it would always be fun. But one guarantee is that when we have the courage to step out of the tiny, suffocating box our culture and our family has constructed for us, when we have the courage to set our bizarre, ghastly, taboo, crazy, kinky, beautiful thoughts free, they have a chance to find connection with other people who have the same bizarre, ghastly, taboo, crazy, kinky, beautiful thoughts, we find our people. Because it’s very possible that the people who brought us up, who shaped our identities are not, in the end, our people.
If you’re faced with the fear of offending family, making someone mad, or hurting someone’s feelings, try this letter writing exercise.
- Write a letter (BY HAND) to each voice.
- Give the voice a name and a shape. (If you can put a live person to the voice, use them, or if, after reading the rest of the exercise below, you aren’t comfortable doing that, make up a name and give it a shape. It can be anything.)
- Describe to the voice what it says that stops you.
- Tell the voice how this affects you.
- Tell the voice what it takes from you.
- Tell the voice why you won’t allow it to stop you anymore.
- Tell the voice what you’re going to do to stop it.
- Write, in great detail, a descriptive passage of you squelching the voice—killing the angel in the house. Be as graphic as you like. No one will see this but you.
- Finish with a “now that you’re gone” passage. What will your writing life look like moving forward?
Give a try and let me know in the comments how much weight you shed. I’m pulling for you, creative soul.
I’m off now to write something that will bring discomfort to someone, somewhere.
As always, sending you mad writing mojo…
Happy writing!
Johnnie
XOXOXReview
Nickelodeon all-star brawl combines all possible characters that have ever appeared in the channel’s cartoons. The main idea is fighting.
Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl Review
You should smash one another, use diverse techniques in different locations. There is always a chance to win, even if things go sideways. You can download Nickeloden all-star brawl on your PC, ps4, ps5, or Xbox.
Graphics
Developers focused mostly on the idea of the game, so graphics are quite usual for 2D animation. They are vibrant and dynamic but lack details. Characters are drawn in the same style, so even if they are from different cartoons, they will look quite similar. However, the colors are bright and pleasant. The movements change really quickly what makes the whole process fun and enjoyable.
Replayability
Nickelodeon all-star brawl has various characters, and you may play it for hours. It’s great for several minutes breaks and kids will like it too. However, it doesn’t have any level progression, and locations are generic, which lowers the replayability rating. This is a type of game which you can play for a long time, forget about it abruptly, and return to it several months later. It has an avarage replayability level among other free games of this genre.
Gameplay
As written above, this game is based on combats between diverse Nickelodeon characters. It has various locations where you can play face to face or together with many players. There are no levels. You may get some items as gifts but they don’t play a big role in your fighting development. Playing Nickeloden all-star brawl is not very convenient on Xbox. You should use diverse buttons combinations, which is easier to do with a joystick. So, Nickelodeon all-star brawl for Xbox is a better choice. It’s quite easy to control characters, and they move extremely fast for a 2D game like this.
Some players note that even though the game was created with Nickeloden in mind, the atmosphere there is not like cartoons have. There is a lack of music and some characters look a little differently than in movies. But some fans are all steamed up about the game. Overall, you may install Nickelodeon all-star brawl because it’s very funny and allows you to try various characters in combats.
Conclusion
The game is nice and perfect for those who like Nickelodeon cartoons. Even if you have never watched any of them, you can enjoy this game because of the high-level motion gameplay and variety of characters. This is not the game where you can develop your character and gain some levels. Here you can just download Nickelodeon all-star brawl relax and get fun.
Pros:
- Dynamic and vibrant
- A lot of characters
- Has many locations.
Cons:
- No level progression
- Low-level graphics.
How much storage do you need?
Join our Team! We're looking for a Sales Executive - Digital Learning
We're looking for someone to join our team as a Sales Executive - Digital Learning
LiNCHigher are an Office for Students (OfS) funded partnership between nine education providers and organisations across Lincolnshire and they required a purpose-built platform where they could share learning resources with young people during the COVID-19 crisis and long into the future.
To ensure the platform was as simple for everyone to use as possible, they wanted a single platform creating where the students could access the learning material securely, which came from from several different providers, and LiNCHigher could easily track the activity of the young people engaging with the courses.
Also, as the ‘Uni Connect’ partnership for Greater Lincolnshire established in January 2017, LiNCHigher were also targeted by the OfS to develop an ‘outreach hub’ by Summer 2021 that promotes careers, pathways and opportunities available to young people and engages with the key stakeholders in the county.
Our solution was to use the existing framework of our award-winning eProspectus software and create additional functionality so it could also become a platform for their online learning materials. The team worked quickly to develop the functionality and now the thousands of young people who are associated to the education providers and organisations who make up LiNCHigher can benefit from the vital training resources.
Equally though, LiNCHigher have been able to fast-track the development of their ‘outreach hub’ because the eProspectus already has an ecosystem in place to engage with learners, advisors, schools, colleges, training providers and local authorities across Lincolnshire. It also promotes careers, pathways and opportunities available to young people, including a way for Year 11 students of applying for a place at college. This fed directly into their idea of creating a sustainable platform that was more than just somewhere for students to access online material.
Speaking ahead of the launch of LiNCHigher Learning, Jonathan Lidster, Project Manager for LiNCHigher said, “We are delighted to be able to offer such a fantastic variety of online resources for thousands of students across Lincolnshire during these testing times.” He also added, “We are also thrilled to be working with the Lincolnshire-based digital agency, First Media on this project. They have built the online platform and it will allow us to track and monitor how many students are using these excellent resources. It's wonderful to have such a great independent company on our doorstep."
Ian Hargreaves, Education Solutions Director for First Media added, “We have really enjoyed working on this project with Jonathan and his team. We were able to quickly mobilise our team to produce a sophisticated and expandable solution that grows our existing platform to provide a complete solution for them in an incredibly quick timeframe.”
Our eProspectus software is being used by ten Local Authorities around the UK to make people aware of local opportunities, provide important information and support the transition to post 16 learning. If you’d like to find out more about the eProspectus, click here,
Simple, helpful techniques to improve your web design, increasing traffic to your website, engaging and retaining viewers. Here are 9 simple…
Award Winners for Innovation in Education & Training 2019+ 40.3 cm 2 2.03 m Real width2
1 1.627 m Real width2
Click/tap cars to swap positions Street perspective vs. specification. See Disclaimer.
Rear ViewAbarth 500 (312) 3-door Hatchback 2008 vs. Lamborghini Aventador S Coupé 2017
Technical specs | Abarth 500 (312) 3-door Hatchback 2008 is 40.3 cm narrower and 34.9 cm higher compared to Lamborghini Aventador S Coupé 2017
1. Maximum height | 2. Width with folded mirrors | 3. Max. ground clearance | 4. Most common power unit. Possible deviation of standards. | 5. With rear seats folded downMarketed by
Christina Block, Broker/REALTOR®
Christina Block & Associates
SOLD
10 Iris Way
Gorgeous 1+ acre waterfront lot in the desirable gated community of Eagles Watch.
This beautiful lot on Old Topsail Creek offers excellent water views, majestic shade trees and is across from the community pool and impressive clubhouse for plenty of family fun.
Eagles Watch is an established, unique neighborhood offering a nature friendly lifestyle to its residents.
You'll enjoy coastal wildlife, serene cypress ponds, tidal creeks, and tall, mature trees as you stroll this environmentally friendly neighborhood.
The clubhouse features a kitchen, exercise, media, and meeting rooms, and there's also a kayak launch. Build now or later, and I can help find you the perfect builder to fit your every need.Area residents had a chance to get a head start on celebrating Earth Day and to learn more about the world around them at the Amsterdam Free Library on Saturday morning. The library hosted the educational program “Living off the Land- Producing Organic Food, Honey, and Maple Syrup.” Area farmers and hobbyists John Naple, Bill Germann, and Bill Blance were guest presenters.
“One of the greatest joys of my life was when we bought our first family cow,” said Germann, who for the past 38 years has been growing his own vegetables, raising animals and producing maple syrup.
He spoke to the audience about his experience living off the land.
“People don’t like the taste of raw milk,” said Germann. “That’s because it doesn’t cool fast enough. The quicker it cools the better it tastes.”
German told the people in attendance (some of them farmers and some who were taking notes) that he only bought Jersey cows and would milk them only in the morning and only three days a week.
“Let the calf take care of the rest,” he said.
Germann went on to discuss how to make butter and yogurt from the cows milk, and continued with an informative discussion on growing tomatoes and keeping the seeds to get “true plants” and not hybrids every year.
“There’s no cross pollination for true plants,” he told the audience, letting them in on his secrets for keeping the seeds of true heirloom tomato plants. Germann went on to talk about the maple syrup process and how he started with only wooden spiels in the trees and coffee cans to catch the sap.
According to Germann this was a poor year for maple syrup mostly because of he persistent cold temperatures. Germann began tapping trees on March 26, and tapped 38 trees this year producing five and a half gallons of syrup. When boiling the sap he said the most important tool you have is the thermometer.
“Bring it to seven degrees above the boiling point of water,” he said. “The further into the season the darker the syrup.”
Germann indicated that because the season is short this year, the syrup will be darker than many will like. The cost of maple syrup will also go up to what he estimated would be $55 to $65 per gallon.
“I love the lifestyle,” he said. “I love the simple things in life.”
After a brief intermission, John Naple spoke about his hobby of honey making.
“When I ordered the bees and they arrived at the post office, I got a phone call telling me they were here and to pick them up,” said Naple describing how the bees were shipped. “They were a little scared.”
Naple used a video presentation as he took the audience through a brief history of raising bees in North America. Settlers from Europe originally used straw hives before wooden bee boxes started being used in the 1850’s. Naple displayed the frames from one of his boxes and showed how the bees had created beeswax and honey in the frames. He also talked about the different layers of the box. He explained how the young are raised in the lower level and the queen bee can be kept in the lower box laying eggs by using an “excluder.”
Naple talked about the three types of bees: workers (females), drones (males) and the queen, who mates only once and is fertile for life, and can lay up too 2000 eggs in a day. Worker bees live only four to six weeks and spend much of that time taking care of the hive and producing wax and honey. Naple described how he he burns burlap and straw to create smoke to make the bees less aggressive as he opens the boxes. He also described cutting the wax out of the frames and boiling it to separate the wax to make honey. Naple said that he harvests honey in first week of September and that one box can produce up to 30 pounds of honey.
“A friend of mine got me started,” said Naple on his hobby. “I like to eat honey. It’s cool to make your own.”
Visit the Amsterdam Free Library’s web site for a schedule of upcoming educational events like this one.: Patiala, Patiala, Punjab
Cultural region: Malwa
Materials: Textile, Wood
Wood craft technique: Joinery, Lacquering, Painting, Turning
Source: DICRC, India and SADACC, UK
These pidhi were recorded in a shop in Patiala. The first example had turned wooden legs with floral patterns painted on them while the second one had slender legs that were newly made. Both the pidhi had dense webbing in geometric patterns woven using colourful cotton ropes.TIMESTAMPS:
00:00 Epoxy fruit keyboard
00:27 Rainbow 3D-pen crocs
00:55 Resin sea bag pendant
01:20 Mini rainbow cake
01:52 3D-pen coronary heart ring
02:17 Pop it glue bag
02:45 Raspberry glue earring
04:35 Sweet epoxy skateboard
We advise grownup supervision and care always.
This video is made for leisure functions. We don’t make any warranties concerning the completeness, security and reliability. Any motion you are taking upon the data on this video is strictly at your personal danger, and we is not going to be chargeable for any damages or losses. It’s the viewer’s accountability to make use of judgment, care and precautions if one plans to duplicate.
The next video may characteristic exercise carried out by our actors inside managed environment- please use judgment, care, and precaution in case Vibrant Aspect of Youtube:
For extra movies and articles go to:
Music by Epidemic Sound:
source6 Coventry Road
The Osprey is the only raptor whose front
talons turn backward.
Osprey
The Osprey - Pandion haliaetus – also known as the sea
hawk, fish eagle or fish hawk, is a fish eating bird of prey.
It is the second most widely distributed raptor species, after the Peregrine
Falcon. They occur in a wide variety of habitats such as lakes, rivers, wooded
swamps with open water, and shorelines, from cliffs to salt-flats. In Africa it is partly resident in the tropics
but is a non-breeding visitor pretty much everywhere else, including southern Africa.
Description
The plumage of
the osprey is generally brown above and white below, with a whitish head and a
dark stripe through each eye. The wings are long and pointed and the legs are
stout and heavily scaled. The irises of the eyes are golden to brown, and the
transparent nictitating membrane is pale blue. The bill is black, with a blue
cere, and the feet are white with black talons. A short tail and long, narrow
wings which in flight are arched with drooping "hands", giving it a
gull-like appearance. The juvenile is fairly similar to the adult but the head
is more darkly-streaked and the upperparts appear scaled with cream and pale
rufous.
Call
The call is a
series of sharp whistles, described as cheep, cheep or yewk, yewk.
If disturbed by activity near the nest, the call is a frenzied cheereek!
Food
Fish make up 99%
of the Osprey's diet. They occasionally, may prey on rodents, rabbits, hares,
amphibians and other birds. These raptors are particularly well adapted to this
diet, with reversible outer toes, sharp spicules on the underside of the toes, closable
nostrils to keep out water during dives, and backwards-facing scales on the
talons which act as barbs to help hold its catch.
Breeding
The Osprey breeds
near freshwater lakes, and sometimes on coastal brackish waters. The large
stick nest is built near the ground or high up in a tree, or on a cliff, rocky
outcrop, telephone pole, dilapidated building, or even just on the ground. The
clutch size is usually around two to four eggs, which are incubated largely by
the female over 35 to 38 days. Once hatched, the female broods and feeds the
chicks, whilst the male forages for food to bring back to the nest. The young
fledge at around a month and a half to two months old, but remain dependent on
the parents birds for another two to three months, after which they disperse
widely.
Conservation Status – Least Concern. The recovery of osprey populations in Europe and North America has been attributed to protection measures,
public education, the creation of artificial nest sites, and bans on pesticide
usage. Its conservation status in southern Africa
is uncertain, but it is not understood why it is so uncommon in the region.
Birdwatching
Ask Aves Birding Tours/Safaris/Adventures
to create a tour for you or book on one of the following Aves Birding Tour/Safaris/Adventures scheduled tours to see these magnificent
raptors: -.By Birute Regine, Ed.D.
In the midst of developing a business plan around my brand Iron Butterflies, I got caught in a “dust storm.” I was online researching websites of women, who like myself are hearing the call for women to gather, to take their place as leaders, to drop all false selves, and to embrace their feminine power and skills. It is stunning how many retreats, tele-seminars, newsletters, support programs and the like there are out there for this very purpose. That in itself is a revolution happening: women supporting women like they have never done before.
As I perused their offerings and accomplishments wondering what I had to offer that wasn’t already being offered I got caught up in a “dust storm” even though outside it was perfectly still in that heavy August heat kind of way.
Image via Wikipedia
I call them “dust storms” because, like a dust storm where you feel disoriented because vision is limited and direction uncertain, you lose your way off the path of the heart, of your true purpose. I got derailed when I began to question if I had anything to offer at all. Critical thinking is important for taking on a new venture, but there can be a thin line between critical thinking and self-criticism. I felt myself becoming smaller and smaller, going into what I call bumpkindom state. Before I knew it I was that little girl from Norwood, the daughter of immigrant parents who barely spoke English.
As I wandered in the familiar haze of a dust storm, mired in my self-doubts, I became frustrated with myself, yelling at myself, “Aren’t you over this yet?!” Of course, that doesn’t make things any better, but worse because now I’m swimming in that internal conversation of self-denigration.
I think whenever you put yourself way out there, whether at a job, or project, or entrepreneurial effort, or relationship, there comes a time for dust storms. Being a perpetual student of life as I am has its pluses—life is a big learning adventure. But it also has its challenges, like dust storms. I’ve been through enough of these that I now can get my bearings pretty quickly.
If you find yourself in a dust storm, here are five markers for finding your way through these times of vulnerability and back on the path of your true purpose.
Wait it out. You can’t find your way out of the dust storm by toughing it out, muscling out, or denying it. Instead it requires attentive patience. You can’t force clarity; it emerges in its own time expedited by paying attention.
Hold onto the winning post When all around you is uncertain, the last thing you need to do is doubt yourself. Believe in yourself especially when you don’t have the answers. In my case, that little Norwood girl may have felt unsure of herself going to kindergarten not speaking English, but she was also a courageous little girl who kept going back every day and soon mastered the language. Remember a time you were courageously vulnerable and let that be your guide.
Pursue your personal truth. Be earnest in finding your way to your unique contribution in the world. Diligence will lead you there. We all have something unique to offer, and given the state of affairs in the world, the world more than ever needs people to be connected to their passion, acting on behalf of their biggest dreams.
Exercise self-compassion. When you’re in a dust storm, the last thing you need to be doing is to beat yourself up. When you are vulnerable like this, you need to love yourself even more. So bop that monkey mind of self-doubt off your back and be kind to yourself as you would be to others in a dust storm. There is little time for self-doubt: your energy is needed else where, like taking the helm to pilot the ship of change through all the troubled waters ahead.
Talk to a friend who is a good listener, or find a coach. The very act of describing what is going on to someone else, of telling your story and being heard, helps to clear some of the dust away.
Allowing, accepting and addressing those vulnerable feelings that come with dust storms is challenging work. But as difficult as it may be, it’s worse to deny them. Vulnerability is our growing edge, it can guide us to learning and growing and evolving. The alternative is clinging to what we know, limiting our focus on what is controllable, and denying the unknown. This is the path to hardening of the spirit and becoming rigid and narrow-minded.
As the sun always rises, so do dust storms slowly disperse and surrender to blue skies. Having moved through a dust storm, we discover that we can see even more clearly than before.Ivory Coast striker praises international team-mate.
Check in to Colombia vs Cote d’Ivoire
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has heaped praise on the performances of his Ivory Coast team-mate Serge Aurier, the Guardian reports.
Read More Arsenal Transfer News
The Toulouse right-back, a rumoured target for Premier League giants Arsenal, was in fine form for his country as he claimed two assists from right-back to help the African nation get off to a winning start against Japan in their opening game of this summer’s World Cup.
The 21-year-old was outstanding for his club in Ligue 1 this season, showing great potential as an attacking full-back with six goals and six assists from defence, and it is thought that a deal for him to move to the Emirates Stadium could be close to completion.
The Gunners are in need of a new signing on the right-hand side of their defence following the recent departure of Bacary Sagna to rivals Manchester City, and Drogba believes Aurier will be a great addition, as he looks ready to make the step up to a more competitive league.
In a glowing tribute to his young colleague, the 36-year-old said: “Serge brought us energy and balance and he had a fantastic game.
“He’s the best right-back in all of France. I think he’ll do well at the next level too, in the Premier League.”
Drogba’s words suggest that Aurier’s rumoured move to Arsenal could well be in place for next season, in what looks like a great piece of business by the north London side.'A Rose For is unique to the possessor, signifying the personal attachment to scent. Defined by no one, it is truly for you.
The fragrance is accompanied by the addition of a gold pen, allowing each owner to complete the individual naming of their scent.. 3.4 oz
Named by you, a rose for you.Tan Ser Seng restaurant scores hattrick at SG Food Masters
The winners of Singapore Food Masters 2020 make a diverse list.
From traditional favourites such as bak chor mee and fish head steamboat, to imported thrills like mookata and Indonesian, to cafe finds including chicken chop - there seems to be a favourite for most taste buds.
These local food heroes were feted after more than 104,000 votes from Singapore Press Holdings readers (to pick the top 10 in each area) and a month of unannounced tastings from a panel of food experts to pick the winning three outlets.
Eventually, 12 eateries were selected based on these judging criteria: Taste, presentation, services, value for money and cleanliness.
The judges included Maureen Ow of Miss Tam Chiak fame, producer-presenter and music director of One FM 91.3 Charmaine Phua and Anna Lim, senior producer-presenter of 96.3 Hao FM.
There are three winners in each zone.
From the North, Thai Hao Chi Mookata (908 Upper Thomson Road), Woody Family Cafe (12F Andrews Avenue) and Yang Ming Seafood (Bishan Branch) (Blk 150, Bishan St 11) reigned supreme.
In the Central zone, Jia Wang Cafe (Blk 4 Jalan Bukit Ho Swee), Pin Sheng Teochew Bak Chor Mee (56 Eng Hoon Street) and Shrimp Prawn Seafood (53 Boat Quay) prevailed.
From the East, the champs are Ah Orh Teochew Fish Head Steamboat (739 Bedok Reservoir Road), Lazy Lizard The Promenade (#01-20 The Promenade) and Tan Ser Seng Herbs Restaurant (29 Lorong Bachok), which clinched a winner’s spot for three consecutive years.
And finally in the West, Bara Food (#01-10 Icon Village), EagleWings Loft (9 King Albert Park) and Kim Eng Chicken Rice (#01-72 NEWest) came up tops.
Mr Alvin Tai, 37, owner-chef of Shrimp Prawn Seafood which serves SteelPot Prawn Vermicelli, said: “I’m extremely astonished, yet grateful to all my supporters and judges especially when I am the first to start this speciality dish in Singapore during the Covid-19 pandemic period.
“Participating in Singapore Food Masters 2020 helped me tremendously to share to the public the kind of food Shrimp Prawn Seafood serves. I promise to uphold the quality and standard of all dishes.”
Mr Allan Tan, 29, owner of Tan Ser Seng Herbs Restaurant, added: “Covid-19 has been hard on us, so the assurance by the food critics definitely reminds us that we are on the right track.
“After being part of Singapore Food Masters, we have seen an increase in the number of new customers trying out our soups.
“It has helped us to show our supporters online and offline that even after 74 years in this industry, we continue to uphold our food quality and service standards. Hopefully we will win with another dish next year.”
Visit sgfoodmasters.sg to view the finalists’ awards presentation videos and the full list of participating eateries.
Get The New Paper on your phone with the free TNP app. Download from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store nowDifference between revisions of "Macs Lim Wui Hin"
Latest revision as of 09:33, 4 June 2014
The Opportunity to Build A Successful Life
I was still in school when I signed up as a Distributor in 1992. Back then I was not interested in the direct selling business. The way some of my classmates promoted their direct selling businesses also turned me off. The only thing I cared about was to do well in my studies, get a good job after graduation and realise my dreams. Thanks to my classmate, Jeremy Tan, who first introduced me to the AMWAY™ business. He shared this business opportunity with me after our reunion gathering. Apart from clearing my doubts about the direct selling business, he also impressed upon me the true value of AMWAY in comparison with other direct selling companies. I signed up without a moment’s hesitation.
It’s now been more than 20 years since I first became a Distributor. In all these years that I concentrated on building my business many people had asked me, “Is it really worth your effort?” I signed up in 1992 and just one year later, AMWAY invited me to my first overseas seminar and I bought my first house. Then more of my dreams came true. Hence, my answer to the above question is a firm, “Yes.” My sole income comes from AMWAY and yet this business is able give me financial independence and absolute freedom to pursue a successful life in all aspects.
Besides the various opportunities to travel to overseas seminars that widened my perspective, I also managed to fulfil one of my big dreams – I went back to my alma mater and pursued further studies purely for interest’s sake.
Furthermore, knowing that my organisation in Malaysia is on solid ground and having a reliable network of associates whom I can delegate work to also free me to grow my business internationally. Venturing out into the international market is truly an enriching experience.
Is it easy to succeed in AMWAY? I would recommend that you look at it from another point of view. Instead of measuring how easy or difficult the business-building process is, ask yourself this: Is it worth your effort? To me, regardless of which line of business you choose, the most challenging aspects are the production-related costs, management, logistics human resource, shop rental, furnishing, and storage. All these will take a chunk out of your investment. On the contrary, as a business partner of AMWAY, your responsibility is to focus on sales and marketing. This is many times easier than what you will need to deal with in a conventional business set-up. As long as you put in enough effort, your AMWAY business will grow and living an all-round successful life will no longer be a distant dream. It is in this respect that I find the AMWAY business most valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my upline leaders Emerald Directs Yew Eng Hin John & Tan Huey Yi, Ng Soo Fatt, Founders Emerald Directs Wong Seow Kong & Yong Sooi Fong, Emerald Directs Lee Teck Lim & Sandy, and Crown Ambassadors Steven Lim & Angeline Lee. My heartfelt gratitude to them for their mentorship, guidance and love.
I couldn’t have achieved what I have today without them. Thank you from the bottom of my heart once again. Believe in yourself! I am confident you can make it too. My best wishes to you.
(Sources: Amway Malaysia's March 2014 AMAGRAMAtlasPRO+™ Webinar: Build FORTIFIED Tough
How to Stand Out from Your CompetitorsTiara Searcy, Marketing
Reading Time: 1 minuteShare Now:
Homeowners trust their roofers to be expert guides. They want to get the best roof installed by knowledgeable contractors and keep their home and belongings safe, even under extreme conditions. During this webinar, you will learn about FORTIFIED Roof™, a simple to follow, voluntary process that you can use to exceed your customer’s expectations, help differentiate the roof options you offer from your competitors and win at the kitchen table.
There are 3 basic steps:
- Install roofing materials and accessories that meet FORTIFIED requirements
- Work with a FORTIFIED evaluator to document installation
- Homeowner gets a FORTIFIED Roof™ designation certificate from IBHS that, in some locations, can make them eligible for robust incentives
Watch the video to learn more.We're sorry, but all tickets sales have ended because the event is expired.
- April 20, 2021
5:30 pm - 8:00 pm
When people say, “It tastes like chicken”, is that a compliment or an insult? Chicken is inexpensive and versatile, making it a staple of most home kitchens. In our Chicken Expert class, we will take the bland and boring and transform it into luscious and thrilling.
Venue: The French Kitchen Culinary Center
Venue Phone: 719-528-6295
Venue Website::
4771 N Academy Blvd, Colorado Springs, Colorado, 80918, United States{{ lang[119] }}: Business • Expected delivery
{{ custLang[1043]}}
{{ gig.daysDelivery + " " + (gig.daysDelivery > 1
? lang[131] : lang[132])}}
{{
gig.likes.length }} Like
this ebook tell you more about google adsense, secrets and more, they make you a professional web marketer and earn a lot of per day with simple secrets in adsense system
i'm web developer and famouse web marketer and designer
{{
gig.categories[0].name }}Digital Health > Medical Devices
Clinician, scientist and entrepreneur. Chair of Medicine for Singularity University and founder and founder of Exponential Medicine (next being held Nov 6-9th). Aspen Health Innovation Fellow. Kauffman Fellow. Pilot and flight surgeon.
Adam is managing partner of Material Impact, a fund that seeks out transformative materials technologies and builds them into enduring companies that solve real-world problems
Erik enjoys combining his technical and business experience to find new and innovative solutions to emerging business problems. With a background in a diverse number of industries, today he is focused on businesses that will improve healthcare.
At Make in LA, Shaun focuses on leveraging NEO Tech’s resources to support the startups, leveraging his portfolio for best practices, providing world class programming, and building strategic partnerships for the benefit of the startups.
Co-Founder & COO at Expansion Venture CapitalOhio Senate Leader To Supporters of “Heartbeat Ban:” Shut Up Already!
Looks like the senate president has gotten a little tired of Faith2Action..
With references to multiple legal opinions on how the law would never go into effect, could reinforce Roe V. Wade, and how Mississippi also chose not to vote on a similar measure, the fate of the heartbeat ban may have been officially decided in Ohio.PPP Loan Data — Synchronous Health Inc,
Nashville, TN
Synchronous Health Inc
Entity: Corporation
Industry: Offices of Mental Health Practitioners (except Physicians)
Location: Nashville, TN
Synchronous Health Inc is a corporation located at 102 Woodmont Blvd Ste 200 in Nashville, Tennessee that received a Coronavirus-related PPP loan from the SBA of $131,470.00 in April, 2020.
$
PPP Loan Information
Loan #7162197108
Loan Size:
Jobs Retained:19
Loan Approved:2020-04-14
Loan Status:Paid in Full or Forgiven
Lender:First Freedom Bank
Synchronous Health Inc in Nashville, TN received a Paycheck Protection Loan of $131,470 through First Freedom, Synchronous Health Inc's 2019 payroll expenses are estimated to be at least $631,056.
Based on their reported 19 jobs retained, this equals an estimated average yearly compensation of $33,213 per employee1
Reported PPP Proceed Usage:
On the PPP application, Synchronous Health Inc reported intending to use the proceeds of their PPP loan for the following expenses:
- Payroll: $98,603
- Rent: $32,868
Business Information - Synchronous Health Inc in Nashville, TN
102 Woodmont Blvd Ste 200
Nashville, TN 37205
Similar Companies near Nashville
In the Nashville area, 19 businesses in the "Offices of Mental Health Practitioners (except Physicians)" industry received a PPP loan. These local businesses reported an average of 2 employees (compared to this company's 19) and received an average PPP loan of $25,089 (compared to this company's $131,470).
Similar Nearby Businesses Who Received PPP Funding:
Internal Truths, PLLC
Nashville, TN
Mary A. Coleman
Nashville, TN
Bryan Maynard
Nashville, TN
Victor O'bryan
Nashville, TN
Mcaninch Psychological And Consulting Services
Nashville, TN
Melanie Reese, Lmft
Nashville, TN
Jennifer Paige Holliman
Nashville, TN
LYN Mcrainey
Nashville, TN, 79% lower than Synchronous Health Inc's reported 19 employees, and received an average PPP loan of $35,352, 73% lower than this company's loan of $131,470.!Previous News
Next News
Indonesia's PT Pertamina defer expansion plans on financial gloom, crude price volatility
Sasol's Germistone-based petrochem plant closed down due to explosion
Nova to cut 400 jobs worldwide
LyondellBasell granted court approval for first US$2.167 bln of proposed DIP financing package
Explosion caused by fire shuts Sasol's S African chemicals plant
Kuwait ready to counter legal action by Dow to avoid break fee of up to US$2.5 bln
Crude oil prices fall on report that points to demand slowdown on economic weakness
South Korea's JV with Qatar Petroleum to be delayed by a year
15 kinds of chemical substances, including 8 polymers in REACH blacklist
LyondellBasell's US operations file Chapter 11 to restructure debts; non-US entities not to be}}160 photos that al works like a link from The Netherlands
Last week I was visiting The Netherlands for 3 days and did take 160 photos! The reason I was there was for holding a lecture. It is amazing that what ever I did take a picture anybody watching it could tell that it is from The Netherlands. How many other locations in the world do have that unique look and feeling? It is, like my photos are becoming a link back to the place it was taken. Did put al the 160 photos down to my favorites in a PDF, take a look here and see if you see the link in them.
In what location in the world does you think visitors take the most photos? And how will this increase word of mouth? How unique is your city/land? If you take photos where you live, does they work as a link for the viewer?Airvag is a French company that installed a collonade of giant inflatable "horns" at the top of Martin Place in inner CBD for Sydney Festival.
Here is a panorama captured on the eve of nightfall when these giant inflatable horns become light filled marker buoys as they begin to glow transforming familiar spaces.
And here is another location of an Airvag installation.
Source2021 Bomaderry Bowling Club Community Scholarship
Community
The Bomaderry Bowling Club Community Scholarship provides an undergraduate student with $1,000 a year (up to 3 years) to support the cost of their studies at the University of Wollongong, Shoalhaven Campus.
The Club is committed to assisting students from the Shoalhaven region who have an interest in community involvement and this Scholarship is aimed at providing the opportunity for students to achieve their educational and career goals.
Open from 15/Feb/2021 to 25/Apr/2021I.
I sometimes think I missed my calling as a drama teacher, because when it comes time to put together the church Christmas program, I go all out.
I want fancy lights and fancy costumes, the perfect music and volunteers that all aspire to put on the best community church program that they can.
Being three hours away from my home church put a stretch on my participation this year. I helped another lady as she ran the majority of practices. While she made sure lines were given out and practice times were kept, I made sure the music was in place, the props were precise and small, little areas of the play were tweaked to my satisfaction.
I know I drove everyone crazy, especially the newcomers to church who had no idea who I was barking out orders to pick up costumes and remain quiet during practice. I'm sure I even drove my Mary crazy, reminding her to put emphasis into her actions as she sang "Breath of Heaven."
Yes, it's the little things that I work hardest on. Like explaining to the three Wisemen that they must bow to Herod before speaking to him, and that Mary needs to act like she's going into labor as she's singing, or that the inn keeper needs to take a few minutes to answer Joseph at the front door.
This year we were fortunate enough to have a real baby Jesus — little Jacob who is barely a week old.
At the end of the play, Jacob's mother handed him to Joseph who cradled him in his arms, before handing him to Mary.
As Joseph began calling everyone that would to come and see the precious gift from God, he began crying, later telling me that, "At that moment looking at Jacob, he wasn't Jacob. He was baby Jesus. He was the entire world. I just couldn't help myself."
The little things — that's how you can best understand the importance of Jesus' birth. The wisemen bowing to the king symbolized the control Herrod had. Joseph supporting Mary as she sang was a sign of not only affection but comfort and understanding. Everything, it seems, about the Christmas story is all about the timing, the listening, the obedience.
What if Mary didn't listen to Gabriel and accept the plans God had for her? What if Joseph didn't realize that his dream was a sign from God to take care of Mary? What if the wisemen had chosen to report to Herod their findings of Jesus?
What if we, in our own lives, choose not to pay attention to the little things God is saying — how will we end up?
It's in focusing on the small pieces of our faith that God can truly speak to us the loudest.
I may get carried away during a church production, but what dedicated worker doesn't? I just want it to look good and be filled with an anointing that can minister to others. I am, after all, a story teller at heart. And I've already started on Eas.Please visit our Open House at 2201 938 SMITHE ST in Vancouver.
Open House on Sunday, August 2, 2020 2:00PM - 4:00PM
Electric Avenue, right in the heart of Downtown Vancouver, Conveniently located at the corner of Hornby and Smithe, just steps to some of Vancouver's best restaurants and shops. This Junior 1 Bedroom suite features an excellent open floor plan layout ,floor - ceiling windows, large bedroom closet, perfect little nook area for your desk, In-Suite laundry, plus a fully covered private balcony. Laminate and tile flooring thru-out, and stainless steel appliances. Amenities include a games room with pool table, private fitness center, recreation center and conference rooms. This unit comes with 1 PARKING, 1 SORAGE LOCKER - conveniently and safely located on the same floor as the suite. Rentals and Pets are welcome!Is your skin ready to show itself off this summer? Let Bel Air News & Views sponsor Advanced Dermatology help get it in shape with its April specials. Get $100 off Dysport injections for fine lines and wrinkles. Add Obagi eye cream, gel or roller serum to a Dysport treatment and get 50 percent off. Get your body looking its best with a $65 Spring Body Bundle featuring a Glytone exfoliating body wash and heel and elbow cream and a Cerave cream. Try a Mini Anti-aging Package including a Glytone daily facial cleanser, Tretinoin and Elta sunscreen for just $99.
For details visit or call 410-569-5151.I’m assuming Cee Means Anything Human Made for Today’s Fun Foto Challenge Anything Man Made because this is what I spent all morning making .
We bought some cloth masks and they didn’t fit. So I thought I could do better After watching scores of YouTube how-to videos. I went to Joanna’s Fabrics and they had a pattern and simple written instructions as well as an easy to fallow videos.
At an hour and a half each I don’t know how many more I’ll be making. In case you’re interested.Here is the pattern and instructions.
4 thoughts
Strangely enough I have that same fabric because I, too, love the colors. Thanks for the pattern. And you look Marvelous!
How fun. Email a photo when you’re done. This was a scrap that was just enough for one mask. They say to use different fabrics so you know which is inside and out. I just turned it upside down. 😆😷
The colors are great. Wonderful idea for this week. Happy Sewing 😀
LikeLiked by 1 person
Sewing is challenging for me but fun to stretch myself. The colors are the best part 😆Goldman Says Tension Between OPEC+ and U.S. Will Boost Oil-Price Volatility
(Bloomberg) -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said global oil markets remain undersupplied and to expect oil-price volatility to rise in coming weeks amid an open disagreement between OPEC+ and the U.S. around crude production.
“Net, our bullish view remains unchanged: the oil deficit remains unresolved, the current strength in oil demand remains a near-term tailwind and the increasingly structural nature of the deficits will require much higher long-dated oil prices,” Goldman analysts including Damien Courvalin wrote in a note on Thursday.
OPEC and its allies on Thursday approved a 400,000 barrel-a-day output hike for December, despite pressure from major oil-consuming countries to boost supply even more. Now, the U.S. is expected to release supplies from its emergency reserves as it attempts to curb the surge in crude and gasoline prices.
UBS Expects Brent to Reach $90 With Market Undersupplied
Goldman said a potential release may only be a temporary help and could even backfire next year. If crude prices weaken dramatically, shale producers will not be so willing to increase drilling, leading to an even bigger supply shortage. The threat of more U.S. crude and the potential resumption of Iran nuclear talks are also factors to upcoming higher price volatility.
©2021 Bloomberg L.P.Elders Mormon is a Unclassified business in Garfield, NJ.
Elders Mormon started in the year and is categorized under Unclassified. makes sure they only deliver high quality merchandise, superior than most of its competitors.
Manned by 1 to 4 and fast-growing equally competitive individuals, at a strategically located Single Location, Elders Mormon supplies full line of products that are carefully planned and manufactured before they reach its customers.
Their physical company can be found in 56 Chestnut St,.Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel
(This post consists of affiliate links which suggests I’ll make a commission if you sign up to ClickFunnels. However, it certainly didn’t stop me from sharing the excellent and bad about it). I have actually been using ClickFunnels for one year (Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel). My outcomes are excellent: I increased my eBook sales by 150% after switching to ClickFunnels from Shopify.
So I have composed a sincere ClickFunnels review based upon my personal experience with it over the last 12 months. No fluff. No hyperbole. Just the essential info you require to decide whether ClickFunnels is best detailed ClickFunnels evaluation. simple focus on converting visitors into buyers, Click Funnels are ” silently transforming the internet marketing industry.” Brunson is an online marketing whiz and author of the amazing book DotCom Tricks.
Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel
Prior to I read this, I was a having a hard time blogger who knew how to compose blogs posts and get traffic, however had no idea how to in fact make much cash from everything. DotCom Tricks altered this for me. For the very first time I learned about the science of sales funnels (in a deeply practical method) from a person who probably understands more about them than anybody else.
Although the book is a couple of years of ages now, it stays incredibly helpful. Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel. Russell Brunson promised in the intro to keep the content evergreen for several years to come and all his methods still operate in 2020. DotCom Tricks responded to the concern I had been dealing with for a very long time: How do I convince individuals to purchase (more) of my items? After reading this book, I realized that there was something I needed to make more cash online.
Not everybody who visits your site will turn into a customer (or a high-paying consumer). In fact, 96% of people who pertain to your website aren’t prepared to purchase yet. Yikes. You require an instinctive way to take your web visitors from browser to paying consumer. The ideal and simplest method to achieve might be turning your clients away and missing out on sales.
Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel
The way I use ClickFunnels might be different to how you use it. As eBooks are fairly low priced items, I don’t need to catch email address to warm possible clients up. As I describe below, I love ClickFunnels because it enables work with outside experts for web advancement help. If, like me, you tick all those boxes then keep reading.
But very first If you’re new to online selling or have never constructed a sales funnel previously, beginning can be overwhelming. One year ago I was a complete newbie to sales funnels. I understood how to compose blog posts and get a great quantity of traffic to them. Sadly, I didn’t know how to make much generating income from this traffic.
But I also understood I had to teach myself how to utilize ClickFunnels (Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel). And this was a little challenging produced by Russell Brunson.
Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel
For $100, you get the thirty days book as a hardbound or eBook, a workbook, as well as everyday audio recordings from Russell Brunson assisting you through everything. I learnt detailed how to produce the ideal sales funnel for the products I was selling. The One Funnel Away Difficulty has actually been the single most useful training program I’ve ever enrolled in and was the introducing pad to me increasing my eBook sales by 150% practically overnight.
I found the experience so important that I even wrote a detailed review of it. You can read my One Funnel Away Challenge evaluation here. I’ll stroll you through step by action how I used ClickFunnels to make a lot more money selling eBooks. Apart from advertisements and affiliate marketing, the third way my website Hack Spirit earns money is by offering eBooks. Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel.
I’ve been discussing personal development and eastern philosophy for several years and turning my understanding into eBooks was an obvious thing to do. In fact selling these eBooks proved to be much harder. Having actually never ever offered a product in the past, I registered to Shopify two years earlier. I do not really recall why I chose Shopify in the very first place.
So I opted for the herd. Individuals can have fantastic%.
Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel
They were very simple to create (as a non-techie with few design abilities). I was able to establish my pages without squandering any energy on style, optimization or coding. Most notably, I was finally able to present what I needed: a sales funnel. As a result, my conversions increased and average order worth increased from $11 to $19.
I settled on a variation of the 2-Step TripWire. The secret to this funnel is to offer an irresistible upsell. The concept of a 2-Step TripWire is pretty easy. It involves a low priced initial product being bought, and after that immediately providing them a costly 1-click upsell. If the upsell is rejected then your contingency offer is a lower priced 1-click downsell.
What do I suggest by 1-click? The upsell and downsell are provided instantly after the client purchases the single eBook. For that reason, I have currently collected their credit card information – Clickfunnels On Youtube How To Add A Asset To A Clickfunnel.Due to the current unpredictable circumstances with Covid-19, the Advisory Board and organizers have made a responsible decision to move Open Bioeconomy Week 2020 online. The conference online sessions will be held on Eastern European Summer Time | Time zone in Helsinki (GMT+3).
14:15 – 14:40 Atlas of Best Practices – a tool for sharing experiences and interesting examples not only about waste biomass processing, Dr. Karel Charvát, Czech Center for Science and Society
14:40 – 15:05 Barn 4.0 – continuous monitoring of barn conditions, Olli Koskela, HAMK Smart
15:05 – 15:30 A practical IoT based tool to monitor and interpret temperature development of silage in Finnish silage bunker, Gert Hattingh, HAMK Smart
14:15 – 14:40 Analysis of the biorefineries impact on the Bioeconomy based on sustainable development goals. Avocado residues case in the Colombian context, Sara Piedrahita Rodríguez, Universidad Nacional de Colombia sede Manizales
14:40 – 15:05 Bio-based solutions to improve the socio-economic context of rural zones in developing countries: The avocado case in Colombia, Juan Camilo Solarte Toro, Universidad Nacional de Colombia sede Manizales
15:05 – 15:30 Sustainable innovation of microbiome applications in the food system, Anne Pihlanto, Natural Resources Institute Finland (LUKE)
15:30 – 15:40 Abstract sessions: Feedback and conversation
15:40 – 16:05 KEYNOTE:Viral monitoring to prevent hazards along the food chain production: challenges and opportunities,
Fernando Spilki, Feevale University, Brazil
16:05 – 16:15 Final words and end of the first day
09:00 – 09:10 Welcome & introduction by Annukka Pakarinen, HAMK
09:10 – 09:40 KEYNOTE: Team Finland funding opportunities for companies, Tuomo Kauha, Team Finland
09:40 – 10:10 KEYNOTE: Data and decarbonizing food production, Ernesto Hartikainen, Biocode
10:10 – 10:45 KEYNOTE: Collaboration opportunities between research and business, Pauli Saarenketo, Luke
10:45 – 11:00 Break
11:00 – 11:30 Intro to Kanta-Häme circular economy roadmap (held in Finnish)
11:30 – 12:30 WORKSHOP: Kanta-Häme circular economy roadmap, Sykli, HAMK & Luke (held in Finnish)
12:30 Final words and end of the final day
*The program is not final and the organizers reserve the right to make any changes to it.
Click on the name of the speaker for more details!Our group uses single trapped ions to address problems in quantum information processing, quantum thermodynamics, and precision measurements. We build small heat machines that consist of only a few atoms and study their performance in the regime where quantum effects become important. We explore how control and manipulation of motional states can be used for quantum computing. We also work on preparation, manipulation, and detection of internal states of molecular ions via “quantum logic” techniques.
More information at our homepage:The search bride pertaining to marriage is a web advert […]
Monthly Archives: 六月 2021
So , you want to know how to get married to an Asian wo […]
For the inside workings of the cam modeling industry, c […]
It is much easier than in the past to find Ukrainian wi […]
The first step to russian women vs ukrainian women http […]
Many people who find themselves over 60 are reluctant h […]
Many women searching for men will often join several da […]
On average, the bride can expect to pay up to $50, 500, […]
The online dating statistics show that there are even m […]
Many women searching for men will most likely join some […].
Collection of utilities for various Zend_Service_Technorati classes.
normalizeDate( mixed|Zend_Date $input ) : null|Zend_Date
Parses, validates and returns a valid Zend_Date object from given $input.
$input can be either a string, an integer or a Zend_Date object. If $input is string or int, it will be provided to Zend_Date as it is. If $input is a Zend_Date object, the object instance will be returned.
normalizeUriHttp( string|Zend_Uri_Http $input ) : null|Zend_Uri_Http
Parses, validates and returns a valid Zend_Uri object from given $input./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/35465630/20140706_jla_bm3_129.jpg.0.jpg)
Since week 16 of the Fantasy Baseball season doesn't begin until this coming Thursday I thought, since many of you have begun playing Daily Fantasy Baseball over at Fan Duel, that I would put together, by position, some value picks for you to check out. As always with daily baseball please double check your lineups, check the weather, the Las Vegas lines for games to target and please join us over at Fan Duel. You have until 4pm PST to submit your roster for today's game. You can access today's game at the link below.
Pitcher
Catcher
First Base
Ryan Howard Phillies $2700
Second Base
Daniel Murphy Mets $2900
Third Base
Cody Asche Phillies $2400
Shortstop
Asdrubal Cabrera Indians $2800
Outfield
Josh Hamilton Angels $3100
Bryce Harper Nationals $3100
If you are new to Daily Fantasy Baseball Eric Johnson and I dedicated an entire Fantasy Baseball Weekly program to strategy, tips and plenty of advice to help you on your way. I'll leave the player below. Good luck today!Debbie Salter Goodwin
Live New
What God did on Easter cannot be explained, dissected, formulized, or ignored. Virgin birth should have prepared us. God came to inhabit flesh by pulse and respiration. But Jesus was God squeezed into a box that could not hold him here forever. No one expected God-made-flesh to burst through every verifiable fact of death and walk out of a three-day entombment.
Like you, I have taken a slow, thoughtful, heart-examining journey to the cross. But it is only half the truth. Easter should wake us up to possibilities we dare to believe. We live without a finality picture. We live by the Creator’s Word of power and unfathomable good. Though we live in a broken world where cancer invades, divorce separates, children go hungry and too many people die from guns and drugs and disease; as resurrection believers, we live with the breath of God that breathes resurrection life into us. We live new-made, new-loved, and new-prepared for Eden life. This is life of intimate walks with God. Life that spans the chasm between earth and heaven. Life that changes every why and empowers every how.
It is time for Easter to wake us up to how we live below resurrected life. Where drudgery takes away joy. Where the heart has lost hope or lives with an anemic replica. Where God’s all-new cannot penetrate our perspectives.
Remember, Jesus did not leave Mary crying at the tomb and he won’t leave us there
either.
We need to tell our stories as Easter stories, how tombs shut out life, how God broke in, how we are resurrected in our hearts and minds, passion and hope by a love so great that we will burst unless we live it to its fullest.
Easter should take our breath away, catch us off guard, set us on a different path, and reorient us toward the new that God wants us to live. Easter re-presents us with the choice to live new.
We’ve rehearsed the story all we need to; now it’s time to live it. Whatever God helped you clean away through Lent opened more places to receive God’s empowering new. It’s time to live a new Hallelujah with all joy and full abandon.
© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and HCPLive - Clinical news for connected physicians. All rights reserved.
Itâ€™s not just Americansâ€™ weight thatâ€™s increasing their health risks, itâ€™s their sedentary lifestyle. Or more simply put, inactivity.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) website indicates that approximately two-thirds of Americans are overweight. That factor increases their risk of developing heart disease and diabetes — and skyrockets their healthcare costs by 80%.
But what’s important to note is that it’s not just Americans’ weight that’s increasing their health risks, it’s their sedentary lifestyle. Or more simply put, inactivity..”
And ‘sitting’ is a huge factor.
Don’t just sit there
There’s fairly solid evidence that exercise is beneficial for good health in many respects. But exercise is only part of the equation. Hensrud references his colleague, James Levine, MD, PhD, and his work in the area of non-exercise activity thermogenesis, or NEAT. It stands for all the activities we do throughout the day separate from exercise.
“If you think about the time that we spend exercising, it’s not that much,” Hensrud says. “There’s a much greater opportunity to move throughout the day, albeit at a lower level. But the aggregate effect on burning calories and health can be quite large. People underestimate that.”
So just because someone exercises, or doctors recommend exercise as part of an overall healthy lifestyle, doesn’t mean people are immune to the effects of sitting. That has spawned some interesting trends, including the treadmill desk and standing desks.
“My secretary has a little pedal machine under her desk to keep moving even when she’s sitting,” Hensrud says. “Separate from exercise and the activities we do throughout the day is the independent effect of sitting.”
Limited recognition
Hensrud says there is increasing recognition on the part of physicians of the financial impact of patients’ sedentary lifestyles—especially as the industry moves to more value-based reimbursement. But he adds that the increasing recognition often depends on the physician’s specialty, individual characteristics, and interests.
“If a physician is practicing in an area related to conditions such as diabetes or heart disease, conditions related to physical activity, they’re probably aware,” Hensrud says. “And physicians who themselves are more active tend to counsel patients to be more active. But we’ve still got some work to do to influence the aggregate of medical care.”
And while it might seem that broaching the subject of lifestyle and inactivity with patients is a huge barrier to overcome, Hensrud says that’s not the case. Rather, it has more to do with time.
“Physicians have less time,” he says. “And counseling patients in lifestyle areas, such as physical activity, takes time. That’s a big one for physicians.”
Education support
It was about two years ago when the Mayo Clinic started its Healthy Living Program, and it goes well beyond spa-type programs where patients go on ‘healthy vacations’ to learn how to eat better and be more active.
“The challenge there is they go home and it’s hard to keep up these habits,” Hensrud says. “We’re also individualizing it. Our program isn’t one size fits all. Everybody has different health goals and different challenges to meet those goals. So we’re working with people individually. We have wellness coaches who work with people to help them develop their own wellness plan—what are you going to do, when are you going to do it, and when life gets in the way, then what are you going to do?”
But of particular interest is Mayo’s Healthy Living Program for Physicians. It’s a two-and-one-half day, continuing medical education (CME) program centered on wellness, healthy living, and physical activity. Through the program, physicians change their own health behavior, and learn about wellness and activities they can pass on to patients.
“Physicians have to get CME credits anyway,” Hensrud says. “They have to go to programs. So here’s an opportunity to improve their own health and the health of their patients.”
It’s a place to start, Hensrud explains, especially since physicians are not taught a great deal about wellness and health behavior change in medical school.
“We all grew up in a disease treatment model, but that’s starting to change a little bit,” he says. “Primary care physicians should be aware of this. We believe there’s value there.”CbyM
Sports club match shorts
Regular price £23.00 Sale price
£27.50
Tax included.
- Sublimated shorts
- Sublimated taping to the side
- Further information on shipping can be found at
- We accept returns and exchanges.Returns must be made within 14 days for UK orders and 28 days for international orders. Our returns policy can be found atOur own JT Gaietto co-presented with Chase Cunningham at the recent Mortgage Bankers Association conference, showing how real and costly cyberattacks have become, particularly in 2021.
Shifting the conversation from finances to cybersecurity, the presentation borrowed from real-world incidents to demonstrate just how effectively hackers can exploit vulnerabilities.
First, some data to set the stage: A malicious hacker now attacks computers and networks every 39 seconds, the University of Maryland found. Of breaches this year, 85 percent have been human-related, and 75 percent were financially motivated, according to Experian. Specifically focusing on the Financial Sector, 44 percent of incidents had an internal component.
The presenters explained how hackers often gain an initial toehold through phishing attacks. Through an innocuous-appearing email, text or phone call, the hacker tries to fool a person into revealing confidential information. Signs of a phishing email often include a link to a fake website, prompts to reveal passwords or other information, or requests for personal data — a birthday, social security number, or credit card number.
A common strategy that particularly pertains to Mortgage Bankers: phishing attempts using a fraudulent DocuSign email or similar electronic signing services. The emails look convincing and may blend in among similar, legitimate ones. However, watch for several red flags: if you weren’t expecting any documents to sign, if there are misspellings, if the email is generic instead of addressing you by name, if there are URLs that don’t go to DocuSign (hover your mouse over to see the link without clicking on it), or if there are downloads. Typically, a DocuSign email clearly states the person who sent it, and it never includes an attachment until all parties have signed the document.
We could go on, but given that the overwhelming majority of data breaches have human components, it’s vital for organizations from all industries — and especially those like mortgage bankers who handle sensitive personal and financial data — to train their people so they’re on guard against such attacks. Education is a vital part of the battle against malicious actors, particularly as data breaches rise.Bringing you Savings #FLEXCAR
Fast, Hassle Free, Honest Approach
Amazing Deals
Heres just a few!
Clean title vehicle, fully inspected and certified pre owned unit, comes with carproof and 180 po ...
Welcome to
Flexcar Auto Group
Welcome to Flexcar Auto Sales (A Division of Flexcar Auto Group),
Your Langley dealer.
Our clients have high expectations for their vehicles, and equally high expectations about the dealership professionals who serve them. Flexcar Auto Group is widely recognized to be among the best in quality, reliability, value and customer satisfaction in both sales and service.
When you're ready, come on by for a test drive
Any questions about our dealership or our cars? We're here to help.Murder probe after man stabbed at Sussex plant nursery
- Published
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man's body was found at a plant nursery near Chichester.
Sussex Police said the body was found at the nursery, off Almodington Lane in Batchmere, early on Sunday.
A police spokesman said a 53-year-old man was arrested in connection with the death and is being held in custody.
Police said the Romanian victim, thought to be 45, had several stab wounds. Searches of the nursery and the surrounding rural area are under way.
A statement issued by police said: "It is believed that the man had been staying at the site and died shortly before the alarm was raised, but we are not prepared to be more specific at this time."
Officers said the clothed body of the man was found on the ground at the nursery in Second Avenue at about 0020 GMT.
A post-mortem examination is still to take place and the man has not yet been formally identified.
No weapon has been found.
Anyone who was in the Bracklesham Bay and Birdham areas near Selsey late on Christmas Day and who saw anything suspicious has been asked to contact the force.PPCD12-155Regular price $29.99 Sale price $5.99 Save 80%
Hello to all the good times ahead! This Classic size Happy Planner comes dated and runs from August 2021- July 2022 with monthly calendars and weekly spreads. It includes 12 dividers with fun graphic prints, inspirational quotes, and foil accents. The vertical layout includes daily box spaces that can be used to divide up the timeline of your busy day or can be split up into different categories like work, school, and home. Customize it to how you’d like!
We will send you an email to reset your password.The leading health and beauty retailer in Ukraine is leveraging Infor WMS to increase efficiency and enable its growth. Eva operates more than 990 stores across the country, employing more than 11,000 people. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, EVA has bullish expansion plans. It was looking to open 150 new stores and increase its distribution centres from four to six, increasing available space by 25%. It also looked to expand its eCommerce SKUs to 150,000 and 40,000 for its stores. Each day it estimates it would pick 350,000 orders in 2020 within each distribution centre.
Déjà vu on the challenge
Founded in 2002, by 2011 Eva had 144 stores. By then IT systems in the distribution centre were running slowly, causing a delay in supplying its stores. It had been using EXXceed WMS since 2007 and looked around for a consultancy firm that might help with its review. It worked with LT Management and they helped to improve business processes as well as upgrading both systems and software. As a result of the improvements, LT Management became its partner of choice and it signed a support agreement in late 2011.
Roll forward to 2016 and with more distribution centres in place and more retail stores the systems were starting to creak again. Eva was a victim of its own success. Its processes, once efficient in a smaller operation, were no longer fit for purpose and caused an issue with processing times. An example of this was the picking process itself. The process used would check stock availability, reserving stock for each order. A second stage would then issue picking lists for each worker to physically pick the stock.
The latest challenge
It became clear that Eva needed to improve the solution. It wanted to implement modern picking technology and integrate the solution both to its existing EEP and the Qlever Intralogistics conveyor and equipment management system and the control module it uses.
Enterprise Times asked Konstantin Tverdokhlib, Director Of Sales Marketing at LT Management about the challenges faced by Eva. Eva decided to review the WMS market and looked at several solutions including:
It chose to deploy the latest generation of Infor WMS, version 11 and worked with LT Management to deploy the new solution. Enterprise Times asked Tverdokhlib why Infor own the contract. He replied: “Performance, easy integration, vendor-independent (zero coding) adjustment ability (user interfaces, reports, business process etc.)”
The solution
Eva chose to deploy a WMS solution within each distribution centre. There are several reasons for this. Infor does not offer a cloud solution yet to the CIS region. According to Tverdokhlib, there is little demand for this outside the major cities as connectivity often fails. Tverdokhlib noted: “There are still some connectivity issues in our region, and warehouses are obviously located outside of major cities. In the case where connection fails, a warehouse becomes inoperable and no shipments can be done. That is unacceptable.”
This meant that Eva implemented five different WMS solutions, each connecting back to their central ERP in a hub and spoke architecture. This also means that the workload is distributed and only processes the local requirement. The WMS solutions do not interact with each other, only via the central ERP solution. This increases resiliency and ensures that should one system fail, then the other distribution centres continue to function.
As for the modern warehouse technology that the WMS integrates to, Tverdokhlib commented: “mainly they use Honeywell Dolphin 70+ ring scanner HW86xx for the picking. There are some Intermec RF Guns.”
The system is used by 450 staff already and will expand this year to 680. Dmitry Martynov, Infor’s official representative in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) commented: “The architecture of Infor’s warehouse management solutions helps companies seamlessly grow and scale their capacity. In any situation (increasing order volume, product range expansion, increasing number of stores, etc.), the solutions will work stably and reliably, meeting all the requirements of the business.”
The results
Now implemented, Eva has tracked improvements to its operation between 2018 and 2019. Some of the statistics are impressive.
- A four-fold reduction in the number of errors in order picking.
- A reduction in the number of complaints from 0.14% to 0.04% of the total volume of orders.
- A 20% productivity increase in order picking.
- Elimination of paper-based processes.
These results coupled with changes to business processes have yet again improved the efficiency of the Eva operations. It is now prepared for its next leap in growth. That growth continued in 2020 with the opening of five stores in Marchin Karkov, Nikolaev, Khmelnitsky, Bolgrad and Novgorod-Seversky. The stores continue to operate as Eva sells Hygiene products. It has undertaken to conduct temperature checks for all staff at the beginning of each day in every store and distribution centre. A measure designed to help slow the spread of COVID-19.
Denis Zakora, EVA’s warehouse logistics manager commented: “Thanks to the capabilities of Infor WMS and the experience of LT-Management, we were able to implement all the best business practices used in modern distribution centres. We transitioned seamlessly to modern working methods and technologies, and now we can maintain high-growth rates that are not limited by the capabilities of the warehouse system. Despite the industrial status of Infor WMS, this system allows our company to introduce new processes and independently open new warehouses.”
Enterprise Times: What does this mean
The importance of expert partners is the key message of this story. LT Management has worked with and clearly understand the Eva business deeply. Its expertise with the Infor platform and the ability to implement the solution in a way that was not disruptive. It also improved business practices simultaneously, which is impressive.
Oleg Landyshev, project manager of LT-Management commented: “During the implementation of Infor WMS in the distribution centres of the EVA chain, the LT-Management team addressed all the needs of the customer. The company expertly performed the implementation process and integration with corporate systems. As a result, the Infor WMS solution has provided the distribution centres with the all-new technical capabilities necessary for their growth.”
In some countries, the cloud is not yet the answer for all organisations. Infor has proven that its ability to deploy its solutions, both in the cloud and on-premises, benefits many of these customers. Eva can also upgrade the software easily, assuming few customisation’s were deployed. Eva is one of the few non-food retail companies that may weather the COVID-19 pandemic crisis. However, until the economic impact is uncovered there may still be a downturn in business. Key though is the increase in efficiency it has realised from the Infor WMS. This will stand it in good stead for further growth in the future.1. 8-sided mesh panel design for maximum comfort and ventilation.
2. Special removable mesh cover design to provide better shade and security. Keep your pets safe and secure both indoors and outdoors.
3.2 double-zippered doors and fabric-magic tapes to keep door open for your pets access easily.
4.Sets up in seconds and requires no assembly; folds back flat when not in use for easy carrying and storing.
If there is any quality problem, please contact customer service for the first time, waiting for customer service to help you solve all problems.（kiss~~）
Size
74*74*43CM 91*91*58CM
Physical display~~
Dear, if you want to know more, please look down！
+++Real warehouse photos+++
+Product details+.
!Charlottenburg Palace
Charlottenburg Palace is one of the most prominent landmarks of Berlin and is the largest and most beautiful royal palace ever in the German capital. This Berlin Palace has been built since the end of the seventeenth century and is famous for a statue of its dome moving according to the weather.
The interior of the palace is distinguished from the inside with exotic decorations such as Rococo and Baroque, in addition to a picturesque garden of natural magic with a unique and charming view.
Activities you can do in Charlottenburg Palace
• You can take some memorial photos inside the palace building, especially the ornate rooms with unique decoration and in the green garden.
• We recommend that you visit the famous radio tower in Berlin, which is near the Charlottenburg Palace, which is 146.78 meters high and enjoy watching the view of the capital from the top.Going through with.com
Suit webpages will likely be 1 for this excellent systems to discover the exciting moreover attractive individual that may very well become exceptional meant for your time. Usually, it’ersus really hard to locate have an interest for. It’utes useful the best way, utilizing selected methods, an individual might develop a pretty important great via the internet seeing page.I simply just spiel using Whitney Perry, the particular inventor of this By yourself Web based Seeing Tips, what people distributed a fabulous amazing you can be putting on some fashion which includes zip fasteners the part, a person could very well express what the gear seems to be very similar to around an incomparable method to help you distinctive customers by means of zipping up your bit. If you can show an ample amount of data to get man or women the net going out with pages are a smart getting into point. It’s this chance to pay out time as partners with one another – possibly an amazing long term however perhaps easy to access . robust time. Holding plenty of just read the simple unfeasible goals and objectives can now yield any specific likely couple glimpse substandard together with any specific brand-new devotion check deflating.
If you possibly can allow best facts to help with making a person understand why you are generating, the internet seeing customers ultimate beginning level. Nothing like other great web based relationship online websites pertaining to 100 % zero cost webpage is definitely a brilliant internet site to meet a large number of less-than-perfect quality single people and commence most up-to-date relationships. With a nutritious charming association, members rely on every one a number of other. Every body features troubles, along with to have crucial ambiance to go on, you are searching for someone to help you fondness you actually for that male or perhaps women you will be, not the man or even wives you’n just like to end up, or possibly the individual it is possible to thought simply by them really should be. Apart from, what exactly you thought about any find could possibly be a little something one other husband as well as women has far-out not to mention fascinating actually. Inside the olden days, peopIe completed difficult judge people plus check their love.
Mostly, individuals satisfy people on the internet from apps like Tinder or possibly on the subject of sites including Probably, you’lmost all possibly get together a professional approximately a complimentary categorized internet websites forums, such as Craigslist. Web based going out with, public effects, plus adult dating offerings simillar to quickness going out with may just be exciting for person’s, however for other people they are practical experience further similar to high-pressure profession variety interviews. Just about the most popuIar 100 % cost-free bond online sites inside of any UЫ. 100 % online seeing by means of survey locate as well as messaging. And even whatsoever suit individuals may perhaps teach you, there’s a simple massive variance among choosing the optimal line of work not to mention choosing permanent use gratification in. Myth: If perhaps We tend to eliminate sensation a quality fast attract another person, it’south possibly not a new collaboration worth pursuing.
In spite of this, most of us do tell our own consumers for you to quite frankly observe the testimonials individuals Internet seeing Safeguards Package , which usually signifies definitely not to give any kind of very own speak to information (including hyperlinks to make sure you SMM dues, messengers, IDs, special results etc.). We provide this approach information considering that no companion develop into fully specified exactly how severe the lover shall be, considering that connection occurs open air one’s software, people should certainly not be skilled regarding being able to help associates what individuals slip into difficulties. This stipulation might be incIuded within Terms of Usage Deal If virtually any user discovers out in regards to a vioIation of the tip they will be able to explain to u.s . by means of get in touch with Shopper Support. Engage in Meetup, the easy plus immediately process to get to know healthy brand-new consumers today. Expenditures that him and i interest the general public manage your costs associated with translators, tv for computer makers, taking photos fans as well as devotees of which confirm information and facts and insure network intended for free people.
From operating using the the right pt or perhaps in some supportive special event therapies situation, you could possibly detect the cause of this doubtfulness in addition to experience secrets to build more overweight, considerably more satisfying relationships. Many people possess choice about how operating they desire for you to get. It could possibly be typically the situation who on the subject of supplemental internet websites an important person acquisitions bank account while not gaining almost any completely focus by all. systems provide the means for worldwide on the internet world wide web going out with with folks with above 40 nations. Make the contain to fulfill folks of which talk within the fascinates. One partner won’r identical to the various other ponying period of time along with buddies along with residence consumers outdoor with the connection. It’ersus unique how, through selected types, everyone can help you to manufacture a brand new very good online world-wide-web free dating online client profile.We speech with Whitney Perry, these author of this Simple On line On-line seeing Manually operated, which documented a excellent you happen to be sporting the latest outfit with which has zips the part, perhaps you may indicate precisely what the dress appears to be like along the lines of at a various tactic to a variety of men and women through zipping it up a new bit.
Seeing is an important likelihood – a key customer to perceive human being latest, an essential likelihood to be able to tell you about men and girls, places and additionally stuff due to knew that you’deborah affection. Through period, obese enough employment, you could possibly turn the way you suppose, awareness, and additionally act. Time seeing like the best only real male delivers you many credits, those discovering as starting to be 100 % unengaged to chase the needs and wants and then concerns, trying to find out exactly how to enjoy your very own enterprise, and appreciating these stop festivals for isolation. As soon as you show some other half with your internet going out with page, consumers get yourself a significantly significantly better impression. When you target with having your family completely content, that holds the way you live balanced and additionally come up with that you’ a whole lot more attractive people any time you do go through another person special.
100 % 100 % free relationship web-sites are able to support aborigine personals look into that courting environment sole swipe within a appropriate occasion, therefore it may build up their own self-esteem to receive advice and likes even on a common basis. Whether you’re talking about worries with infidelity or even worries escaping . in most cases right now there searching to discover have a passion for, a web-based experienced is actually a man or woman you will have morals inside help you. One of the popular popuIar 100 % cost-free personal online dating web-sites along at the UЫ. 100 % free online parent dating sites by way of say texting and even seek. Review accurately the way in which to enable you to can quickly keep amorous union balanced developing match this specific person or simply woman. The 1st step to locating really like would be to reassess a few of the beliefs pertaining to online world online dating along with human relationships that will be advoiding you choosing lasting adore.467 SE Marine Drive, Vancouver, BC
$1,899,000
Conveniently.
South Vancouver House for sale near SE Marine Drive & Buscombe Street. View this property on VanMap.
Listed By: Jason Lai PREC* - Rennie & Associates Realty Ltd. under Vancouver » South VancouverFrom Pottery Barn Kids. Twin Duvet Cover in Lavender. New and sealed in factory packaging. See pictures for details and description. The picture in pink shows what this would look like on your bed with the duvet, sham and accent picture (except in Lavender, rather than pink). Comes from a smoke-free/ pet free home. The item “Pottery Barn Kids Unicorn Rainbow Lavender Duvet Cover Twin pillowcase pillow” is in sale since Wednesday, July 29, 2020. This item is in the category “Home & Garden\Kids & Teens at Home\Bedding\Duvet Covers”. The seller is “smetcalf94″
- Theme: Unicorns
- Type: Duvet Cover
- Room: Bedroom
- Set Includes: Pillow
- Brand: Pottery Barn
potteryWPA Current Affairs, GK & News
World Animal Protection releases ‘ Elephants. Not commodities’ report
International animal welfare organization, World Animal Protection has reported in its new finding the dismal conditions of an elephant at entertainment venues in India and also the alarming elephant tourism trends in the country. It is also expected that these trends are going to get worse only post the COVID 19 situation. About the Report ..
Month: Current Affairs - August, 2020
Category: Reports & Indexes Current Affairs
Topics: Asia • Elephants • Elephants. Not Commodities • India • London • World Animal Protection • WPAAldo.
The Romirasco vineyard sits high on the Bussia Soprana hill. It is owned entirely by the Conterno family and is one of their most important single-vineyard Barolo. In 2011, this is an intensely vibrant wine with a bouquet of violets and roses, with notes of balsamic, liquorice and leather. With an elegant structure, the wine is beautifully balanced with pristine fruit and excellent length.This is our 4th bake for The Home Bakers! The chosen cake this time is originally a Pear Pinwheel and Hazelnut Cake by Zoe from Bake for Happy Kids – I know I know… my cake looks nothing like a pinwheel at all and the name of my cake is apple instead of pear…
Well, I tried hunting down this Anjou / Bosc pears that was originally stated in the recipe, but I couldn’t find them at all. On the other hand, there were so many other types of pears to choose from that made me so lost and confused, so I decided to just use Granny Smith apples instead.
As for the pinwheel part, I baked only 1/2 of the recipe and though I could have baked it in a very tiny pan, I saw my heart-shaped silicon mould lying in the back of my cupboard… (the last time I used it was like… probably a year or more ago?!) So heart-shape cakes they became!
Making this cake is definitely not difficult, just that extra time is needed to toast and grind the nuts and peel, core and slice the apples. I decided to mix in huge chunks of apples into the cake, hoping to give it a more apple taste.
The resulting cake is sweet, sour, nutty and cinnamon-y at the same time. The hazelnut taste really came through very strongly in the cake and the apples lend the cake a nice sweet and sour taste. The cinnamon’s a bit too strong for my mom but I quite liked the overall taste. The apples that are mixed inside are very soft and mushy, while the ones on top are slightly firmer. The cakes are also very, very moist, probably a bit too moist for me.
Overall, I like the cake base because it’s easy and very nutty (I would try substituting with other nuts in the future), but I would probably swap out the apples for berries or chocolate (imagine hazelnut and nutella!) the next time I bake them.
And now for the step-by-step photos!
Toast the hazelnuts in a 180 degrees Celsius oven for 10 minutes.
Let the toasted nuts cool completely and combine it with some flour in a food processor.
Pulse the nuts until they are powdery.
(One trick that I’ve found out when grinding nuts is to not grind them for too long at one time in the food processor. Pulse them several times, resting for a while between pulses. This will greatly help in preventing the ground nuts from clumping together. I suspect this is because continuous grinding heat up the blades which in turn heat up the nuts, causing them to release more oil, making them clumpy.)
In a mixing bowl, combine brown sugar and some room temperature unsalted butter.
Beat with an electric mixer and add in 1 egg.
Beat again until the egg has been fully incorporated then dump in the nut-flour mixture.
Fold until fully incorporated – the mixture will be slightly lumpy if your nuts are not fine enough, but no worries!
Refrigerate the batter while you prepare the apples.
Peel the apple and cut it into half…
… then into quarters.
Remove both ends.
Place the knife at a diagonal at the core of the apple and gently slice it in halfway.
Turn the apple 180 degrees and do the same thing, then twist the knife upwards and the core should come out easily.
Something like this!
Slice the apple into half…
… Then turn it 90 degrees and dice it.
Repeat for all the apples, except for 1/2 apple, which I sliced it for the topping
Place the diced apples in a small bowl.
Add in flour and cinnamon and toss to coat.
Add into the batter and mix it in.
Divide the batter among the muffin-lined pans (or any cute pans you may have).
Top with the reserved slices of apple (I ended up with 6 mini-cakes but I only had 10 slices… so one was without the topping.)
Bake for 25 – 30 minutes until golden brown on top and a skewer inserted into the centre of the cake comes out clean.
Yum!
Do join us at The Home Bakers (click on the picture for more information!)
I’m going to list down the ingredients I used for this recipe as I’ve made quite a bit of changes, for the instructions, please visit Zoe’s blog!
And do hop over here to see other bloggers’ beautiful bakes!
Happy baking!
Apple Hazelnut Cake (makes 6 mini-cakes)
adapted from Coffee Cakes by Lou Seibert Pappas.
Cake batter:
55 grams hazelnuts, toasted and cooled
1 1/2 tablespoons plain flour
4 tablespoons (55 grams) unsalted butter, at room temperature
3 tablespoons tightly packed (40 grams) brown sugar
1 egg
Apples:
1 1/2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced (to be mixed into the batter)
1/2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced (to be place on top of the cake before baking)
1 tablespoon plain flour
1/2 tablespoon cinnamon
This is so sweet! Love how you’ve made them in mini heart shape that made me ‘melt’ too! Great cakes with beautiful substitution using apples! Fabulous idea! Simply WONDERFUL! 🙂
Oh wow! What a beautiful post, your photos are gorgeous! Took a look at your blog after you liked one of mine.. and I’m hooked! So inspiring, love it! Wish I could eat one of those right now! hehe
[…] (Photos are actually taken from the previous post…) […]
Thank you for the compliments! 🙂
Love those heart shapes! Great process photos.
Hi Zoe, thank you for the compliments! 🙂
That’s an amazing transformation! Your heart-shaped apple cakes look very cute 😀
Thank you Raymund! I’ll make a fresh batch and send you one! 🙂
Thank you Jeannie! I see… hope to see your bake in the next THB! 🙂
Thank you! I found this for you:
Thank you! I’m glad you like them 🙂
Thank you for the compliment Lena. Haha lucky I have my food processor to grind it for me, I’m always in awe as to how the people in olden days grind their own flour and nuts!
Thank you Bobbi, I’ll make sure I send you more than two… you will need some to feed your hungry teenager 😉
Aww thank you Janine! I’m already brainstorming of what next to bake with this mould 😉
Thank you for the compliments Mich!
That cake looks really moist! I want one
I think your cake looks so wonderful, love that mould of yours! I too couldn’t find pears and did thought of using apples instead, but that is out of the theme so I decided not to bake for this round.
These are so cute!!!
I love the heart mini muffin pan. I need to find me one of those!
Love mini cakes and you have inspired me to try some sometime soon as I love the fact these are heart shaped!
i always like to see you baking into minis..you always make them look so cute and pretty! i;m glad that i hv ground hazelnut in my fridge otherwise i would hv to grind them myself ..something that i dont always look forward to do! haha!
Because they are mini cakes I can have two, right? These look so moist and I love your silicone pan. BAM
i’m jealous of your heart shaped mould too! uber cute, and it just elevates your simple coffee cake to something so much more!
I love your heart shaped baking tin! The mini cakes are so beautiful!
Thank you Uru! I hope you make these soon 😉
Thank you Anuja! I really should make more heart-shape desserts with this mould!
Hey suts! Thanks for the note! Giant’s really far from my house.. but I’ll definitely go check it out when I can! Ahh I really should get shux to make the crumble for us next time!
Thank you Chaya! Wow I can’t wait to see all the pear recipes on your blog!
Thank you! It is indeed pretty tasty 😀
Thank you!
Thank you Shira, I guess I need to make more bakes using the heart-shape moulds! 😉
Thank you for the compliments Sibella!
Aww I wish I can send one over right now!
Thank you! I agree.. I still have so many bakes on my to-bake list! If only I have 48 hours a day instead of 24…
Thank you Joyce! yea it’s a bit too moist but I really liked the hazelnut taste. I think the moistness probably comes from the apples.. will try with other substitutions next time 🙂 Have a great week ahead!
OMG your heart shaped mould is super cute. Love the idea of making mini cakes.
hey jas check out giant for bosc or anjour pear(if really want it). it maybe seasonal…saw them early this yr in giant n they were fm USA. i prefer bosc cos they r sweeter n crunchier…nice for making pear crumble(e only thing that shux knows how to make).
I have fallen in love with those molds. They make adorable little cakes. When I made this, I also thought apples but fortunately, my husband had brought back a large number of pears which were too ripe. I had to use them so I made the pear cake and then I made another pear cake and a pear crumble. We will be eating baked pear dishes, for a while.
Thanks for teaching me the proper way to core an apple.
A charming mini-cake. I’m sure it was just as tasty with apples instead of pears.
Your photography just makes me want to dive in and take a bite 😀
Cheers
Choc Chip Uru
Great photos…
This looks just wonderful and your photos are fabulous – the hearts are just too much (in the best possible way) 🙂
Wonderful looking cakes Jasline! You are such a great baker! 🙂
I got hungry just by looking at your post! =)
These look brilliant! I’m collecting so many recipes from blogs I’m going to be cooking for ever! 🙂
Hi Jasline, Your mini cakes are so cute! Lovely silicone mould! Great changes that you’ve made with chunks of apples in the cake! This cake is a little too moist for me too! My daughter likes it.
Great bake! Looking forward to the next bake!
Have a lovely weekend!Medication Summaryones
Class Summary.
Mifepristone (Mifeprex, RU-486).
Prostaglandins
Class Summary
Some agents in this category can stimulate uterine contractility and result in expulsion of the fetus. They can be used to induce abortion between 13-20 weeks of pregnancy.
Misoprostol (Cytotec).
Antimetabolites
Class Summary.
Methotrexate (Folex PFS, Rheumatrex)
Antimetabolite that works by blocking enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby inhibiting folate production and, thus, DNA synthesis. Primarily affects rapidly dividing cells first, such as trophoblast cells.
Local anesthetics
Class Summary
A few patients can tolerate cervical dilatation and suction curettage with no anesthesia and also through relaxation techniques. Paracervical blockade provides some additional cervical compliance in the dilatation phase and all the anesthetic necessary for early abortion procedures.
Lidocaine (Xylocaine)
Used for paracervical block to keep the patient comfortable during procedure. Local anesthetic blocks nerve impulses by decreasing sodium influx across neuronal cell membranes. Alternatively, chloroprocaine (Nesacaine) may be used.
Uterotonics
Class Summary.
Oxytocin (Pitocin).)
Ergot alkaloids
Class Summary
Also in the category of uterotonics and used almost exclusively for treatment of postabortal bleeding, atony, or hemorrhage.
Methylergonovine (Metherg.
Sedatives
Class Summary
During surgical abortion, relaxation techniques and local anesthetic is typically all that is required for adequate pain relief. In some patients, the use of IV, PO, or SL sedatives can enhance this effect.
Midazolam
Shorter-acting benzodiazepine sedative-hypnotic useful in patients requiring acute and/or short-term sedation. Also useful for its amnestic effects.
Antiemetics
Class Summary
Antiemetics are not typically necessary unless patients have preexisting nausea and vomiting of pregnancy or have nausea and vomiting in reaction to general anesthesia.
Prochlorperazine (Compazine, Compro)
May relieve nausea and vomiting by blocking postsynaptic mesolimbic dopamine receptors through anticholinergic effects and depressing reticular activating system.
Promethazine (Phenergan, Promethegan, Phenadoz)
Antidopaminergic agent effective in treating emesis. Blocks postsynaptic mesolimbic dopaminergic receptors in brain and reduces stimuli to brainstem reticular system.
Antibiotics
Class Summary
Most antibiotics are used prophylactically to prevent postoperative endometritis. Some institutions have used dosages that would cover chlamydia and gonorrhea because patients often cannot be contacted after an abortion.
Doxycycline (Vibramycin, Morgidox, Adoxa, Monodox, Oracea).
Erythromycin (Ery-tab, Erythrocin, E.E.S. 400, PCE).
Metronidazole (Flagyl, Metro)
Recommended as an alternative for endometritis prophylaxis.
Immune globulins
Class Summary
Pregnancies past 5 weeks of gestation may have an established fetal blood system, and Rh sensitization can occur without administration. Typically, no preadministration antibody screens are performed in this patient population.
Rh0(D) immune globulin (RhoGAM, HyperRHO S/D, Prophylac, WinRHO SDF)
Given to Rh(-) mothers to avoid sensitization to Rh(+) fetal blood.
Analgesics
Class Summary (Naprosyn, Aleve, Anaprox) (Advil, Motrin, NeoP (Cataflam, Voltaren XR, Cambia, Zipsor) (Nexcede)
Meclofenamate inhibits inflammatory reactions and pain by decreasing the activity of cyclooxygenase, thereby decreasing prostaglandin synthesis. Compared with other NSAIDs, it is associated with a higher incidence of diarrhea.
Mefenamic acid
Mefenamic acid inhibits inflammatory reactions and pain by decreasing the activity of cyclooxygenase, thereby decreasing prostaglandin synthesis. Compared with other NSAIDs, it is associated with a higher incidence of diarrhea.
Acetaminophen (Tylenol, Aspirin Free Anacin Extra Strength, Acephen, Cetafen)
This is the drug of choice (DOC) for treating pain in patients with documented hypersensitivity to aspirin or other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), who are diagnosed with upper gastrointestinal disease, or who take oral anticoagulants.
Codeine/acetaminophen (Tylenol #3, Tylenol #4, Tylenol with Codeine)
Acetaminophen and codeine combination is used for the treatment of mild to moderate pain.
Hydrocodone/acetaminophen (Anexsia, Hycet, Lorcet)
This combination is used for the relief of moderate to severe pain.
Oxycodone/acetaminophen (Endocet, Percocet, Primlev)
The combination of oxycodone and acetaminophen is used for the relief of moderate to severe pain. It is the DOC for aspirin-hypersensitive patients.
Tables
-
- Overview
- Presentation
- DDx
- Workup
- Treatment
- Medication
- Follow-up
- ReferencesFall Sale! 15% OFF All Print Products. Use this code during checkout: Fall2021
Alpine Lakes Overlook
This image is looking out to some of my favorite lakes and peaks of Washington's Alpine Lakes Wilderness area-Kulla Kulla and Mason Lakes, and Bandera, Pratt, and Granite Mountains. For me this is where my journey into Washington's wilderness began at an early age hiking with my family and often neighborhood friends to the various lakes of this Wilderness Area. It is also a place I am always enthusiastic about returning to. Each time I revisit these beautiful ridges they look both familiar and new. I return a changed person and that seems to also effect my experience of this place. On this trip, the Alpine Lakes seemed more beautiful than ever before!
"We shall not cease from exploration and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time." T.S. Elliot
Alpine Lakes WildernessMt. DefianceMourners strip naked, throw condoms into grave of man who 'loved prostitutes'
The funeral of a well-known rank marshal turned into a strip show when male and female mourners took off their clothes, apparently mimicking the deceased.
According to myzimbabwe.co.zw, the man from Dangamvura, Zimbabwe, was well known for hiring prostitutes.
As the relatives tried to give him a decent send-off, condoms were thrown into the grave, while the crowd said that was what the deceased did and would have wanted.
The funeral only came to order after disturbed mourners intervened.
"I have never seen anything like this. It is unacceptable because it denigrates the very process of burying a deceased person," said an elderly woman in attendance.
In July 2011, police arrested and fined four people who danced naked in full view of mourners at a funeral.
Fifteen people were also arrested a week later after attempting to do the same at another funeral.Novel mutations in the 7-dehydrocholesterol reductase gene of 13 patients with Smith--Lemli--Opitz syndrome.
Publication year2001
SourceAnnals of Human Genetics, 65, Pt 3, (2001), pp. 229--36
Publication type
Article / Letter to editor
Display more detailsDisplay less details
Organization
Paediatrics - OUD tm 2017
Neurology
Human Genetics
Journal title
Annals of Human Genetics
Volume
vol. 65
Issue
iss. Pt 3
Page start
p. 229-
Page end
p. 36
SubjectInborn errors of metabolism; Neuromuscular and neurometabolic disorders; Elucidation of hereditary disorders and their molecular diagnosis; Erfelijke stofwisselingsziekten; Neuromusculaire en neurometabole aandoeningen; Opheldering van erfelijke ziekten en hun moleculaire diagnostiek
Abstract.
This item appears in the following Collection(s)
- Academic publications [194699]
- Faculty of Medical Sciences [75696]
Upload full text
Use your RU credentials (u/z-number and password) to log in with SURFconext to upload a file for processing by the repository team.P.
Dinklage may be the big name guest star here, but his job is really all about just reacting to Jones, who is a force of nature. Jones is fierce and deranged and completely irresponsible, proving once again that she is one of SNL’s strongest assets and most consistently reliable actors. Like the best comedic performers, there’s not a scrap of shame to be found on her. She’s fearless. Watching her spoon a terrified Dinklage is a real treat.
Although SNL has a history of running great jokes into the ground, I certainly wouldn’t be opposed to see more guest stars being forced to join Leslie Jones on Naked & Afraid: Celebrity Edition. Make it happen.Australia Stocks Fall to Seven-Week Low
MELBOURNE, Australia--A broad sell-off led by another drop in the banks dragged Australian shares to their lowest finish in seven weeks Wednesday.
Equities across the region faltered as concerns continue to build over the ability of the White House to make progress on economic policy. Local sentiment was further dampened by weak wage data, which casts doubt on forecasts included in the federal government's budget of last week.
Ending near its weakest levels of the day, the S&P/ASX 200 lost 64.5 points, or 1.1%, to close at 5786.0. It was the sharpest one-day drop since March 22.
While stocks fell, the local currency firmed against the U.S. dollar as investors weigh the latest in a series of controversies to hit the Trump administration, adding to worries that the president's agenda will be derailed.
Meanwhile, data on the day showed wage growth remained at record-low levels in the first quarter, adding to concerns around high levels of underemployment in the economy. S&P Global Ratings affirmed Australia's AAA sovereign credit rating but warned a downgrade was possible if progress toward achieving budget surpluses slowed.
Moody's Investors Service weighed in on the four biggest banks, warning that measures introduced in Canberra's budget could further pressure earnings growth already set to moderate due to low interest rates and competition.
The five largest banks collectively knocked almost 29 points off the ASX 200.%.
The materials sector bucked the trend as miners were.
Write to Robb M. Stewart at robb.stewart@wsj.com
(END) Dow Jones Newswires
May 17, 2017 04:23 ET (08:23 GMT)The Humane Society of the United States is offering a reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to the identification, arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for—the recent spree of animal mutilations in Sacramento.
The Case: News reports give the following account: In January, a dead goat and bag of chickens were found in South Sacramento. Since then, there have been at least nine cases involving mutilated chickens, rabbits, goats, a lamb and a tortoise throughout the Sacramento area. Officials aren’t certain if the animals were beheaded before or after they were killed. The cuts appear to have been made with a saw and do not appear to be precise.: “These animals were mutilated and killed for no apparent reason and discarded as though they were trash. We are hopeful that this reward will bring forward anyone with information about these disturbing crimes."
City of Sacramento Animal Care Services is investigating. Anyone with information about the case is asked to call (916) 808-8Marketed by
Christina Block, Broker/REALTOR®
Christina Block & Associates
Lovely home in desirable Castle Bay
Hardwood floors greet you and continue through the first floor living areas into the kitchen and breakfast room.
The open living room is wired for surround sound, has a gas fireplace, vaulted ceiling, and french doors leading to the spacious screened porch overlooking the backyard and open common area with view of 11th hole & pond in the distance.
The kitchen offers lots of custom 42''cabinets, granite counters, stainless appliances, breakfast bar, and pantry, plus there's a formal dining room with trey ceiling for entertaining.
The first floor master suite features a double trey ceiling, french doors to the screened porch, walk in closet, bath with dual vanity, jetted tub with tile surround, and tiled shower.
There's two additional bedrooms, full bath, and laundry room with cabinets and sink, and upstairs is the bonus room with a full bath.
Covered front porch and attractive landscape concrete trim. The wide community streets are ideal for jogging, biking, or evening strolls to enjoy the sunsets and summer breezes.
Castle Bay amenities include golf course, pool, tennis, exercise room and are available with additional fees.Castro-Polo
New York: Galeria Ramas Barquet, 1998. First edition. Paperback. Oblong paperbound quarto. Brief text by Florette Lartigue and Jean-Luc Monterosso. Catalog of a 1998 exhibition. A very good copy in bound photo-illustrated wrappers. Illustrated with both color and black and white photographs. Very Good. Item #18354
Price: $75.00
See all items in Conceptual Art
See all items by Roberto Art - Castro-PoloI’m writing a little later than usual because I went out for a run this morning. I had committed to myself yesterday that I would get out. And doing it first thing in the morning is the best way to keep a commitment.
The sun was just starting to rise as I began my run.
It has been a dreary winter in southeastern Wisconsin this year. We’ve had twice as much rain as snow, so everything is brown. We’ve only had five sunny days this month, and most of those didn’t last the entire day. If you live here and wonder why you’ve been feeling down, now you know why. Even as I write this, the sun has already gone away today as we prepare for a winter storm.
I’ve realized in recent years what an influence the sun (and warm weather) have on my mood and well-being. We all like sunny days, but they are like a miracle drug for me. The exercise felt good since I’ve been sick for most of this month. The sunrise was beautiful pinks and blues. Whatever it is that makes contrails was in place today, they were crisscrossing the sky (thank you everyone who is going to work without pay so that everyone else’s life can go on as normal).
It was beautiful, and I felt good. Those 50 minutes will positively influence the rest of my day.
What influences your mood and well-being? Are your influencers positive or do they impact you negatively?
In many ways, we are in a season of dreariness, wondering when we will next see the sun. I can choose to focus on the dreary or I can look for the sun – even if it’s only a glimpse before the clouds return. In the same way, we can choose to be the dead, frozen ground or the shining sun to others. How will use your influence?We can choose to be the dead, frozen ground or the shining sun to others. How will use your influence? #FMF Click To Tweet
The sun shall no longer be
your light by day,
nor for brightness shall the moon
give light to you by night;
but the LORD will be your everlasting light,
and your God will be your glory. – Isaiah 60:19 (NRSV)
————–
It’s Friday! That means a five-minute free write on today’s prompt. You can read more great Five Minute Friday posts here.
2 Thoughts to “influence”
I’m with you in needing to exercise first thing. I won’t do it otherwise. And that changes my entire day, usually for the worse. This year, I am working on ensuring that I am dwelling on truth and positivity. For too long, I have ruled by the negative.
Here’s to positivity in 2019!Insight Tech Phnom Penh 2016
With the theme “Inspiration”, Insight Tech aims to promote understanding in the fields of computer sciences through a series of experts sharing their insights.
With the theme “Inspiration”, Insight Tech aims to promote understanding in the fields of computer sciences through a series of experts sharing their insights.!
Development Innovations is back with yet another round of Mobile Monday, and Geeks in Cambodia is here to deliver what went down this session. … More
This month, we had the great pleasure to meet with Sompom, a Game development studio located just upstairs from our office !
Sompom describe themselves as a Cambodian Creative Studio, “founded by the encounter of light and darkness that escaped from chaos and had no choice than to join their forces to make video games … MoreHalloween is usually a night when a kid’s top goal is to collect as much candy as humanly possible. But a trio of young trick-or-treaters in Rhode Island who came upon an empty candy bowl on a neighborhood porch this year surprised the woman who’d left it there in the best possible way.
Kristen Wells, of Westerly, R.I., decided to leave a bowl of treats on her front step as she took her own children out to trick or treat. She left a note on the front door with instructions on how much candy to take. “Please take 2. Leave the rest for another guest. Happy Halloween!” the note read.
The bowl was filled to the top with chocolate bars, which is shown in a photo Wells shared on Facebook.
Upon coming home, though, Wells found something unexpected in her nearly empty candy bowl.
“When we came home, it was dark,” Wells told Providence-based WJAR-TV. “We were going in the house, I looked in the bowl [and] there were a few pieces. It wasn’t any of the type of candy that we have, so I’m like confused like, ‘How did this get here?'”
Luckily, Wells has a security camera above her door, which she used to solve the mystery of this unexplained candy. After seeing a number of children take too many pieces from the bowl, Wells noticed three kids do something unexpected on her porch. When the costumed trio came upon the empty bowl, they took candy out of their own stashes and dropped them in for other trick-or-treaters to enjoy!
You can even hear them banter as they decide what to do.
After at first deciding to turn the bowl upside down so that other trick-or-treaters know it’s empty, one of the kids comes up with the generous solution.
“Guys, we should put some candy there … for other trick-or-treaters,” one of them says. Although one of his friends balks at that suggestion, the other one agrees and two of them deposit some sweets from their own bags.
After being pleasantly surprised by the unexpected moment, Wells was disappointed she had no idea who the generous children were. She wanted to recognize their good deed, so she first posted the story without the video so the neighborhood would know what happened. Then, she added a screenshot of the trick-or-treaters to see if anyone could identify them by their costumes.
“I’d love to send the video to their parents and maybe get permission to share the video,” Wells wrote in her initial post. “After all the posts I’ve seen about kids taking entire bowls, I think even more that this story needs to be shared.”
Fortunately, the kids’ parents did see the post and gave permission to Wells to share the video on Facebook.
The clip caught the attention of the local news channel who asked to talk to the boys.
Jack Binger and Jackson Panciera, both age 10, and their friend, 11-year-old Andrew Kitchen, chatted with WJAR about the generous moment that was caught on camera.
“We walk up, none of us looked down at the bowl yet, we all just standing there reading the sign to ourselves and then we all looked down at the exact same time and we’re like — ‘There was nothing’,” Andrew told the station. “We started to walk away and then [Jack] says, ‘You know, we should put some candy in there for other trick-or-treaters’.”
What made the boys decide to do it?
“I was like, ‘Guys, we should put in candy because there could be other trick-or-treaters that could come by,” said Jack. “Honestly, we’re all done with COVID and candy is the best thing we could do to help everyone.”
Not only did these boys help make other kids’ Halloween night a little sweeter, their actions also brightened up a world that can use a little happiness.
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for additional stories.Premier League legends Joe Cole and Steve McManaman have heaped praise on Chelsea after their 4-0 demolition of Juventus. Thomas Tuchel’s side destroyed the Old Lady in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday (November 23) night at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues were utterly dominant against Massimiliano Allegri’s side and took the lead thanks to young sensation Trevoh Chalobah in the 25th minute. England right-back Reece James continued his stunning form as he scored his fifth goal of the season and Chelsea’s second of the night in the 55th minute.
Callum Hudson-Odoi scored Chelsea’s third goal just three minutes later. German forward Timo Werner, who made his return from injury as a second-half substitute, scored Chelsea’s fourth goal deep into second-half stoppage time.
Joe Cole and Steve McMananman were left in awe after Chelsea’s stunning display against Juventus. Cole told BT Sport:
“Champagne football. It was a beautiful performance. Unbelievable. It was an absolutely outstanding performance to put Chelsea in the driving seat in this group in the Champions League.”
Former Liverpool midfielder Steve McManaman said:
“It was another really dominant performance from Chelsea. We said it at the beginning of the whole tournament how the English teams look really strong, and this was another marker down.”
He added that Tuchel’s side displayed confidence and that they could have scored more goals on the night.
“Chelsea had to come here and get a result against a resilient, experienced Juventus team and they’ve absolutely wiped them aside. It was a really comfortable, confident performance. They could have scored many goals and they’ve won the game early on.”
Chelsea are currently at the top of Group H in the Champions League after winning four of their five group games this season. The Blues are level on points with Juventus and will be eager to win their final group game against Zenit St. Petersburg on Dec 8 to finish top of the group.
Thomas Tuchel could be on the verge of building a dynasty at Chelsea
Chelsea’s recent performances in the Premier League and Champions League have made them one of the most feared teams in Europe. They are the favorites to win the league title this season and could potentially retain their Champions League crown as well.
The Blues are currently at the top of the Premier League table, three points ahead of second-placed Manchester City. Chelsea have conceded just four goals in twelve league games this season and have been lauded for their defensive solidity and stability.
In recent games, their attacking quality has also come to the fore. Chelsea have scored 30 goals in 12 Premier League matches and 10 in five Champions League outings.
The Blues currently possess a number of young talents within their squad. This includes the likes of Mason Mount, Reece James, Kai Havertz, Christian Pulisic, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Trevoh Chalobah. The Blues are likely to build a squad around the aforementioned players in the future.
ALSO READArticle Continues below
Thomas Tuchel has managed to develop and get the best out of Chelsea’s young talents. The German could be on the cusp of building a dynasty at Stamford Bridge, as a number of his players are yet to become finished products.Here are a few snaps from back in April 2018, when Drayton Parslow staged MouseFest, a celebration of all things mousey!
Villagers made tiny mice which were staged in scenes around the church at this very special and popular event.
Our public events may have suffered a knock this year, but we are so proud of the Aylesbury Vale, and feel sure that they will return soon. In the meantime, enjoy these lovely pictures!
1. Crafty and clever
Susan Piddock and Linda Wroe with some of the clever creations
Photo: BH
2. Fun for everyone
Little Logan Worseley, then aged five, enjoying MouseFest
Photo: BH
3. Choir
This choir would sound a bit high pitched for a lot of tastes!
Photo: BH
4. Tiny scenes
The village got incredibly creative to make the miniature scenes
Photo: BHBenefit dinner and gospel music planned
STA
Sherando
Benefit dinner and gospel music planned: Sherando Lyndhurst Community Center will host its Community benefit dinner and gospel music by Faithful Praise Sept. 27. Dinner will be served from 4:30 to 7 p.m. and the concert will begin at 7 p.m. The menu will consist of pork tenderloin and gravy, mashed potatoes, green beans, cole slaw, dessert and drink. The cost is $8 for adults, $4 for children ages 6 to 12 and children ages 5 and younger eat for free. Proceeds will benefit the Sherando Lyndhurst Community Benefit Fund and Ruritan Club. For more information, call 943-4341. Donations will be taken for Faithful Praise.QA – Placement Quizzes | Pipes and Cisterns | Question 14
Two pipes can fill a tank in 10 hours and 12 hours resp. while third pipe empties the full tank in 20 hours. If all the three pipes operate simultaneously, in how much time the tank will be filled?
(A) 7 hr. 30 min.
(B) 7 hr. 25 min
(C) 7 hr. 40 min
(D) 7 hr. 50 min
Answer: (A)
Explanation: Pipe A can fill a tank in x hours and pipe B can fill a tank in y hours and pipe C can empty it in z hours. If all the pipes are operate simultaneously, 1 hours of work of each of the three pipes = 1/x +1/y – 1/z
1 minutes work of each of the three pipes = 1/10 + 1/12 – 1/20 = 15/2 hours
= 7 ½ hour = 7 hours 30 minutes.
Quiz of this Question
Please comment below if you find anything wrong in the above postGrace Before Meals by Jessica Fritz | Nov 24, 2021 | News | 0 comments was heard saying, “guys, we need to pray first” so they all prayed the Grace Before Meals. Praying left-right: Ava Cunningham, Eia Boschert, Rowan Lapsley, Collin Simbeck, and Chelsea Bolitiski. Submit a Comment Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * WebsiteEnjoy Dinner & a Show
Pigeon Forge Pirate Shows
Two pirate-themed dinner shows have set sail in Pigeon Forge! You will have an experience like none you’ve ever had before, with singers, dancers, acrobats, moving ships, and more. And make sure you bring your appetite for a pirate feast! Both Pigeon Forge pirate shows serve up a delicious dinner for you to enjoy as you watch the performance. large 1 bedroom basement apartment (with study) located on Elliston Road in Redland (entrance on Clyde Road). Fantastic location for access to the city centre, University and the M4/M5 networks. The property comprises a sitting room with stripped wooden floorboards, a large double bedroom with stripped wooden floorboards, a single bedroom/study (with small window to master bedroom), a fully fitted kitchen with white goods including a dishwasher and washer dryer and a bathroom with shower over the bath. The property also benefits from a small garden (front garden) and an allocated off street parking space and gas central heating. Available now on a part furnished basis (double bed, chest of drawers & 2 wardrobes). Agency fee - 48% inclusive of VAT (£444.00). Landlord would consider a cat.
Not interested in this property?
Need a Property has hundreds of thousands of properties available. Start a new search!
Need a Property has hundreds of thousands of properties available. Start a new search!
Google Street View
House Prices for houses sold in BS6 6QQ
Stations Nearby
- Clifton Down
- 0.4 miles
- Redland
- 0.3 miles
- Montpelier
- 0.8 miles
Schools Nearby
- St Christopher's School
- 0.6 miles
- Belgrave School
- 0.6 miles
- Bristol Steiner School
- 0.3 miles
- Colston's Primary School
- 0.4 miles
- Redland High Junior School
- 0.2 miles
- St Peter and St Paul RC VA Primary School
- 0.4 miles
- Cotham School
- 0.4 miles
- Redland Green
- 0.2 miles
- Redland High School
- 0.2 milesSuper store bread) the “whole wheat bread” is more like a sweet fluffy white bread with brown food die. Not that I should complain to much, it is still good with peanut butter, marmite or to make an egg sammie.
Because of this we wanted to bake our own bread, which is something nether me nor Amy have done much of. With this in mind we hit the internet to find a easy bread recipe to start us off with. After being side tracked for far to long we found this great easy bread recipe from The New York Times – No Knead bread. It is a video and quite easy to follow and as it turns out it is a famous recipe and has had a few alterations and adaptions since this first video all within a quick search on NYTimes.
With only 4 ingredients this is a very easy bread recipe which you cant stuff up. And because you allow the dough and yeast to raise and grow slowly the flavors have time to develop and are delicious. It has a thick crunchy crust and a dense yeasty flesh.
Ingredients
- 3 cups Flour
- 1 1/4 tsp Salt
- 1/4 tsp yeast
- 1 2/3 cups of water
- Rye, flour or cornmeal to cover (optional)
Instructions
- In a large bowl mix together all the dry ingredients.
- Create a well and add in the water.
- Mix them all together to form a dough.
- Cover the bowl and set aside for 12 - 20 hours.The dough should rise to be 2 or 3 times the size and of a sticky constancy.
- Preheat the oven with a dutch oven or Pyrex pot inside to 210c / 410f
- Scoop out the dough onto a floured bench top and lightly flatten.
- Fold in the sides to form a ball that will fit in to your preheated pot.
- Roll or dust your dough ball with rye or what ever topping you want. (I didn't use anything)
- Carefully put the dough in to your piping hot pot, put back on the lid and replace in the oven for 30 minutes.
- Remove the lid and cook for a further 15 - 25 minutes.
- Remove from the oven and allow to cool or tuck into you hot fresh bread.
The bread was amazing but I did say that this is a tale of woe, later that day after cooking this easy bread recipe Amy went to cook some chocolate cookies only to find our poor oven had given up the ghost. Lights on but no heat. Not that I can blame this recipe for killing our oven but be careful this bread is so dam good you may only get the chance to cook it once in your life time.
Easy bread Recipe Tips
- Get creative – add sunflower seeds, cranberries into the dough or fold last nights dinner into the middle.
- This is best eaten within 24hours of cooking as it will become quite dense and hard.
As I’ve never done a no knead bread before so this recipe is going into this month’s Our Growing Edge link up – hosted by Palachinka from Food and Travel. Our Growing Edge is aimed at connecting food bloggers everywhere and inspiring us to challenge ourselves and try new things. It’s a great idea and absolutely everyone is welcome to join in, so come on over and take a look for yourselves.
Your photo looks great! I’ve never had any success with bread making. I suspect I just don’t have the right touch. Shame about your oven. Hope you can get a new one soon. I’ve been living with a temperamental oven since January of this year. Basically it fluctuates from cold to burning with no real regard to what it says on the dial. Fine for melting cheese, but impossible to bake with. Our landlord can’t give us a date for when this will be fixed or replaced :(
Thanks for submitting to Our Growing Edge. Bread making is one of those classic examples of foods we all eat but only a very special (and smug few) actually make from scratch.
Thanks Genie; Thanks for starting ‘our growing edge’ it is fun to post and be part of this monthly event. Sounds like your oven is on its last legs too; ours was also going from hot to cold in the few weeks before carking it. Hope your landlord can sort you out so you can see how easy this recipe is.
This is my kind of bread. My hubby’s just seen the photo and said “Oh look, can you make me one of those please?” He yearns for a proper home made loaf, but has to suffer the breadmaker instead, mostly… he’s tried making bread himself but doesn’t have the patience. I’m going to give this a shot :)
Hey Abbe, This bread is great a really easy mix and forget. I think that this bread would be a really nice side with your Moroccan Lamb Tagine . Good luck.
You’re totally right :) The recipe is so damn good! I’ve been making it for years now and it’s very difficult to find another recipe that will make such a nice bread. And that crust… Think I could live on that :)
Pingback: Our Growing Edge, August 2013 Roundup | Palachinka
just like genie, I’ve never had much luck with bread-making – I think it has to do with my weak arms. but the crust on your bread looks so delicious and welcoming!
nice
This Super Easy Recipe looks Super Delicious as well!
Love to try out this recipe. Thanks.